-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 FVEKYD5+MKP/EjcONLyg3ke+vQrEGRGQKUR0kod2wgYIV0KYPjeIZQez1sycLNqo
 DFCmKNlLO5ZlI7GopoEozA==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950133-96-000265.txt : 19960328
<SEC-HEADER>0000950133-96-000265.hdr.sgml : 19960328
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950133-96-000265
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K405
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		8
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19951231
FILED AS OF DATE:		19960327
SROS:			NYSE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WASHINGTON POST CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000104889
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NEWSPAPERS:  PUBLISHING OR PUBLISHING & PRINTING [2711]
		IRS NUMBER:				530182885
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K405
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-06714
		FILM NUMBER:		96539159

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1150 15TH ST NW
		CITY:			WASHINGTON
		STATE:			DC
		ZIP:			20071
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2023346000
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K405
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>WASHINGTON POST FORM 10-K FOR DECEMBER 31,1995.
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
================================================================================

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                            WASHINGTON,  D.C.  20549

                             ----------------------

                                   FORM 10-K

              ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
                 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 [FEE REQUIRED]

                  For the fiscal year ended December 31, 1995

                         Commission file number 1-6714

                          THE WASHINGTON POST COMPANY
             (EXACT NAME OF REGISTRANT AS SPECIFIED IN ITS CHARTER)

                        Delaware                               53-0182885
            (STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF                 (I.R.S. EMPLOYER
             INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION)                IDENTIFICATION NO)

         1150 15TH ST., N.W., WASHINGTON, D.C.                    20071
        (ADDRESS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES)               (ZIP CODE)

REGISTRANT'S TELEPHONE NUMBER, INCLUDING AREA CODE:  (202) 334-6000

          SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT:


                                                    NAME OF EACH EXCHANGE ON
                  TITLE OF EACH CLASS                   WHICH REGISTERED
                  -------------------               ------------------------
                                                    
            Class B Common Stock, par value          New York Stock Exchange
                    $1.00 per share

    Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes   x     No      .
                                               -----      -----

    Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to
the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K.  /x/

    Aggregate market value of the Company's voting stock held by non-affiliates
on February 29, 1996, based on the closing price for the Company's Class B
Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange on such date:  approximately
$1,691,000,000.

         Shares of common stock outstanding at February 29, 1996:

                                  Class A Common Stock - 1,804,250 shares
                                  Class B Common Stock - 9,191,163 shares

         Documents partially incorporated by reference:

                Definitive Proxy Statement for the Company's 1996 Annual
                Meeting of Stockholders (incorporated in Part III to
                the extent provided in Items 10, 11, 12 and 13 hereof).

================================================================================
<PAGE>   2
                                     PART I

ITEM 1.  BUSINESS.

         The principal business activities of The Washington Post Company (the
"Company") consist of newspaper publishing (principally The Washington Post),
television broadcasting (through the ownership and operation of six
network-affiliated stations), the ownership and operation of cable television
systems, and magazine publishing (Newsweek magazine).

         Information concerning the consolidated operating revenues,
consolidated income from operations and identifiable assets attributable to the
principal segments of the Company's business for the last three fiscal years is
contained in Note M to the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements
appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. (Revenues for each
segment are shown in such Note M net of intersegment sales, which did not
exceed 0.2% of consolidated operating revenues.)

         During each of the last three years the Company's operations in
geographic areas outside the United States (consisting primarily of the
publication of the international editions of Newsweek and, prior to their sale
in September, 1993, cable television operations in the United Kingdom)
accounted for less than 7% of the Company's consolidated revenues and less than
1% of its consolidated income from operations, and the identifiable assets
attributable to such operations represented less than 7% of the Company's
consolidated assets.

                              NEWSPAPER PUBLISHING
THE WASHINGTON POST

         The Washington Post is a morning and Sunday newspaper primarily
distributed by home delivery in the Washington, D.C.  metropolitan area,
including large portions of Virginia and Maryland.

         The following table shows the average paid daily (including Saturday)
and Sunday circulation of The Post for the twelve-month periods ended September
30 in each of the last five years, as reported by the Audit Bureau of
Circulations ("ABC"):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                         AVERAGE PAID CIRCULATION
                                         ------------------------

                                         DAILY             SUNDAY
                                         -----             ------
 <S>                                    <C>               <C>
 1991  . . . . . . . . . . . . .        807,129           1,154,138
 1992  . . . . . . . . . . . . .        815,225           1,158,329
 1993  . . . . . . . . . . . . .        823,752           1,152,272
 1994  . . . . . . . . . . . . .        821,956           1,152,441
 1995  . . . . . . . . . . . . .        807,818           1,140,498
</TABLE>

         A price increase for home-delivered copies of the daily and Sunday
newspaper went into effect on January 8, 1996, raising the rate per four-week
period from $9.80 to $10.20.  On January 9, 1995 that rate had been raised to
$9.80 from $9.20, where it had been since 1988.  The rate charged to
subscribers for Sunday-only home-delivered copies of the newspaper for each
four-week period has been $6.00 since 1991.  On April 6, 1992, the newsstand
price for the Sunday newspaper was increased from $1.25 (which price had been
in effect since 1986) to $1.50.  The newsstand price for the daily newspaper
has been $0.25 since 1981.

         General advertising rates were increased by approximately 5.6% on
January 1, 1995, and approximately another 8.6% on January 1, 1996.  Rates for
most categories of classified and retail





                                       1
<PAGE>   3
advertising were increased by approximately 5.4% on February 1, 1995, and
approximately an additional 6.4% on February 1, 1996.

         The following table sets forth The Post's advertising inches
(excluding preprints) and number of preprints for the past five years:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         1991       1992      1993      1994      1995
                                                         ----       ----      ----      ----      ----
 <S>                                                    <C>        <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>
 Total Inches (in thousands) . . . . . . . . . .        3,571      3,435     3,394     3,391     3,212
     Full-Run Inches   . . . . . . . . . . . . .        3,376      3,215     3,165     3,133     2,950
     Part-Run Inches   . . . . . . . . . . . . .          195        220       229       258       262
 Preprints (in millions) . . . . . . . . . . . .          993      1,135     1,142     1,325     1,416
</TABLE>

         The Post also publishes The Washington Post National Weekly Edition, a
tabloid which contains selected articles and features from The Washington Post
edited for a national audience.  The National Weekly Edition has a basic
subscription price of $48.00 per year and is delivered by second class mail to
approximately 103,000 subscribers.

         The Post has about 530 full-time editors, correspondents, reporters
and photographers on its staff, draws upon the news reporting facilities of the
major wire services and maintains correspondents in 19 news centers abroad and
in New York City, Los Angeles, Chicago, Miami, Richmond, Baltimore, Annapolis
and Austin, Texas.

THE HERALD

         The Company owns The Daily Herald Company, publisher of The Herald in
Everett, Washington, about 30 miles north of Seattle.  The Herald is published
mornings seven days a week and is primarily distributed by home delivery in
Snohomish County.

         Early in 1995 The Daily Herald Company also began providing commercial
printing services utilizing its existing presses and facilities.

         The Herald's average paid circulation as reported to ABC for the
twelve months ended September 30, 1995, was 51,837 daily (including Saturday)
and 63,061 Sunday (up 2.3% and down .6%, respectively, from the twelve months
ended September 30, 1994).  Full-run advertising inches (excluding preprints)
increased 0.5% in 1995 to 986,875 inches, while zoned part-run advertising
decreased 24.1% to 48,046 inches. The number of preprints distributed decreased
2.4% to 92,181,353.

         The Herald employs approximately 57 editors, reporters and
photographers.

THE GAZETTE NEWSPAPERS

         The Gazette Newspapers, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the
Company, publishes one paid-circulation and 15 controlled-circulation weekly
community newspapers (collectively known as The Gazette Newspapers) in
Montgomery County and limited parts of Frederick and Carroll Counties,
Maryland.  During 1995 The Gazette Newspapers had an aggregate average weekly
circulation of more than 235,000 copies.

         The Gazette Newspapers have approximately 57 editors, reporters and
photographers on their combined staffs.

         In early 1996 The Gazette Newspapers, Inc. acquired the assets of a
small commercial printing company located in Gaithersburg, Maryland.






                                       2
<PAGE>   4
                            TELEVISION BROADCASTING

         Through wholly owned subsidiaries the company owns six VHF television
stations located in Detroit, Michigan; Houston, Texas; Miami, Florida;
Hartford, Connecticut; San Antonio, Texas; and Jacksonville, Florida; which are
respectively the 9th, 11th, 16th, 26th, 37th and 55th largest broadcasting
markets in the United States.  Each of the Company's stations is affiliated
with a national network.  Although network affiliation agreements generally
have limited terms, each of the Company's television stations has maintained
its network affiliation continuously for at least twenty years.

         The Company's 1995 net operating revenues from national and local
television advertising and network compensation were as follows:

               <TABLE>                                            
                <S>                                  <C>          
                National  . . . . . . . . . . .      $ 130,550,000
                Local . . . . . . . . . . . . .        138,935,000
                Network . . . . . . . . . . . .         31,193,000
                                                       -----------
                    Total . . . . . . . . . . .      $ 300,678,000
               </TABLE>                                           

         The following table sets forth certain information with respect to
each of the Company's television stations:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
       STATION LOCATION
         AND YEAR                                       EXPIRATION     EXPIRATION      TOTAL COMMERCIAL
        COMMERCIAL         NATIONAL                      DATE OF        DATE OF       STATIONS IN DMA(b)
         OPERATION          MARKET        NETWORK          FCC          NETWORK      --------------------
         COMMENCED        RANKING(a)    AFFILIATION      LICENSE       AGREEMENT     ALLOCATED  OPERATING
         ---------        ----------    -----------      -------       ---------     ---------  ---------
<S>                        <C>               <C>          <C>            <C>           <C>         <C>
       WDIV                9th              NBC          Oct. 1,        June 30,       VHF-4      VHF-4
       Detroit, Mich.                                       1997           2004        UHF-6      UHF-5
       1947

       KPRC                11th              NBC          Aug. 1,        June 30,      VHF-3      VHF-3
       Houston, Tx.                                         1998           2004        UHF-11     UHF-10
       1949

       WPLG                16th              ABC          Feb. 1,        Dec. 31,      VHF-5      VHF-4
       Miami, Fla.                                          1997           2004        UHF-8      UHF-8
       1961

       WFSB                26th              CBS          Apr. 1,        Apr. 10,      VHF-2      VHF-2
       Hartford, Conn.                                     1999           2002         UHF-6      UHF-4
       1957

       KSAT                37th              ABC          Aug. 1,        Dec. 31,      VHF-4      VHF-3
       San Antonio, Tx.                                     1998           2004        UHF-6      UHF-5
       1957

       WJXT                55th              CBS          Feb. 1,        July 10,      VHF-2      VHF-2
       Jacksonville ,Fla.                                   1997           2001        UHF-6      UHF-4
       1947
</TABLE>

- -----------------

              (a) Source: 1995/96 DMA Market Rankings, Nielsen Media Research,
Fall 1995, based on television homes in DMA (see note (b) below).

              (b) Designated Market Area ("DMA") is a market designation of A.C.
Nielsen which defines each television market exclusive of another, based on
measured viewing patterns.






                                       3
<PAGE>   5
REGULATION OF BROADCASTING AND RELATED MATTERS

         The Company's television broadcasting operations are subject to the
jurisdiction of the FCC under the Communications Act of 1934, as amended. Under
authority of such Act the FCC, among other things, assigns frequency bands for
broadcast and other uses; issues, revokes, modifies and renews broadcasting
licenses for particular frequencies; determines the location and power of
stations and establishes areas to be served; regulates equipment used by
stations; and adopts and implements regulations and policies which directly or
indirectly affect the ownership, operations and profitability of broadcasting
stations.

         Each of the Company's television stations holds a license valid for a
period of five years.  Under amendments to the Communications Act enacted in
1996, each of these licenses may be renewed upon application for an eight-year
period.

         The FCC is conducting proceedings dealing with such matters as the
standards to be applied to broadcast renewal applications, various broadcast
network regulations, multiple ownership restrictions, regulations pertaining to
cable television operations (discussed below under "Cable Television
Division-Regulation of Cable Television and Related Matters"), whether to
assign additional radio spectrum to existing broadcasting stations to enable
them to implement advanced television ("ATV") technologies, whether to adopt a
uniform ATV broadcast transmission standard for television and impose
requirements on existing television stations to activate ATV channels and
ultimately to turn back to the FCC their existing conventional television
channels, and various proposals to further the development of alternative video
delivery systems that would compete in varying degrees with both cable
television and television broadcasting operations.  Legislation that now has
been approved by Congress will revamp and relax the broadcast ownership
restrictions and permit broadcasters to use part of their new ATV spectrum for
ancillary services (subject to the payment of fees to the federal government
for services that are subscriber-based).  Certain Congressional leaders have
asked the FCC to postpone issuing ATV licenses pending the consideration of
future legislation which might require broadcasters to bid at auction for such
licenses and require conventional channels to be returned to the government on
an expedited schedule.  In addition, the Clinton Administration has suggested
that broadcasters be required to provide free time for political candidates.
The Company cannot predict the resolution of these and various other matters
although, depending upon their outcome, they could affect the Company's
television broadcasting interests either adversely or favorably.

                           CABLE TELEVISION DIVISION

         As of the end of 1995 the Company (through subsidiaries) provided
basic cable service to approximately 518,000 subscribers (representing about
73% of the 709,000 homes passed by the systems) and had in force more than
305,000 subscriptions to premium program services.

         During the first quarter of 1996 the Company acquired cable television
systems serving 24,000 subscribers in Texarkana, Arkansas-Texas, and 15,700
subscribers in Columbus, Mississippi.  It also has reached agreements in
principle to acquire additional cable systems serving an aggregate of
approximately 49,000 subscribers, and to trade certain systems it currently
owns in the Chicago suburbs and in California for systems located in
Mississippi, Minnesota and Oklahoma.  The systems it plans to acquire in the
foregoing trades serve an aggregate of about 23,000 more subscribers than the
systems it plans to dispose of in connection therewith.

         The Company's cable systems are located in 16 Midwestern, Southern and
Western states and typically serve smaller communities; thus 30 of the
Company's current systems pass fewer than 10,000






                                       4
<PAGE>   6
dwelling units, 14 pass 10,000-25,000 dwelling units, and only 10 pass more
than 25,000 dwelling units, of which the two largest are in Modesto and Santa
Rosa, California, each serving more than 47,000 basic subscribers.

REGULATION OF CABLE TELEVISION AND RELATED MATTERS

         The Company's cable operations are subject to various requirements
imposed by local, state and federal governmental authorities.  The franchises
granted by local governmental authorities are typically nonexclusive and
limited in time and generally contain various conditions and limitations
relating to payment of fees to the local authority, determined generally as a
percentage of revenues.  Additionally, franchises often regulate the conditions
of service and technical performance, and contain various types of restrictions
on transferability.  Failure to comply with such conditions and limitations may
give rise to rights of termination by the franchising authority.

         The Cable Television Consumer Protection and Competition Act of 1992
(the "1992 Cable Act"), requires or authorizes the imposition of a wide range
of regulations on cable television operations.  The three major areas of
regulation are (i) the rates charged for certain cable television services,
(ii) required carriage ("must carry") of some local broadcast stations, and
(iii) retransmission consent rights for commercial broadcast stations.

         Among other things, the Telecommunications Act of 1996, which has been
enacted but not yet implemented by the FCC, expands the definition of
"effective competition" (a condition that precludes regulation of the rates
charged by a cable system for basic and optional tiers of service), relaxes
cost-of-service rules, raises the threshold for FCC investigations of rate
complaints, terminates rate regulations for some small cable systems, and
provides for the elimination of rate regulation for all cable systems
regardless of size by March 31, 1999.  For cable systems that do not fall
within the effective-competition or small-system exemptions (including all of
the cable systems owned by the Company), monthly subscription rates for the
basic tier of cable service may be regulated by municipalities, subject to
procedures and criteria established by the FCC, and the FCC may regulate the
rates charged for optional tiers of service.  Rates charged by cable television
systems for pay-per-view service, for per-channel premium program services and
for advertising are all exempt from regulation.  Cable television systems may
also add channels to an unregulated new product tier, but the channels must be
new to the system as of October 1, 1994.  An FCC "freeze" on rate increases for
regulated services (i.e., the basic and optional tiers) has been in effect
since April 1993, and the FCC has promulgated benchmarks for determining the
reasonableness of rates for such services.  The FCC's benchmarks and subsequent
revisions were designed to reduce overall rates for regulated services by, on
average, 17% from the rates in effect when the benchmarks were adopted.  Under
the FCC's approach cable operators may exceed the benchmarks if they can show
in a cost-of-service proceeding that higher rates are needed to earn a
reasonable return on investment.  In March 1994 the FCC announced the adoption
of rules  to implement the cost-of-service standard; among other things these
rules establish an interim industry-wide rate of return of 11.25%.  The FCC
adopted in November 1994 (and subsequently revised several times) so-called
"going forward" rules which have allowed cable operators to increase rates for
regulated services when new channels are added and to offset the effects of
inflation and higher programming, franchising and regulatory fees.

         Pursuant to the "must-carry" rules a commercial television broadcast
station may, under certain circumstances, insist on carriage of its signal on
cable systems located within the station's market area, while a noncommercial
public station may insist on carriage of its signal on cable systems located
within either the station's predicted Grade B contour or 50 miles of the
station's transmitter.  As a result of these obligations (the constitutionality
of which has been upheld by a lower court in a decision that is now subject to
review by the U.S. Supreme Court) certain of the Company's cable systems have
had to






                                       5
<PAGE>   7
carry broadcast stations that they might not otherwise have elected to carry,
and the freedom the Company's systems would otherwise have to drop signals
previously carried has been reduced.

         At three-year intervals beginning in October 1993 commercial
broadcasters have had the right to forego must-carry rights and insist instead
that their signals not be carried without their prior consent. Before October
1993 some of the broadcast stations carried by the Company's cable television
systems opted for retransmission consent and initially took the position that
they would not grant consent without commitments by the Company's systems to
make cash payments.  As a result of case-by-case negotiations, the Company's
cable systems were able to continue carrying virtually all of the stations
insisting on retransmission consent without having to agree to pay any stations
for the privilege of carrying their signals.  However some commitments were
made to carry other program services offered by a station or an affiliated
company, to provide advertising availabilities on cable for sale by a station
and to distribute promotional announcements with respect to a station.  Some of
these agreements with broadcast stations will expire during 1996 and require
renegotiation.

         Various other provisions in current Federal law may significantly
affect the costs or profits of cable television systems.  These matters include
a prohibition on exclusive franchises, restrictions on the ownership of
competing video delivery services, restrictions on transfers of cable
television ownership, consumer protection measures, and various regulations
intended to facilitate the development of competing video delivery services.
Other provisions benefit the owners of cable systems by restricting regulation
of cable television in many significant respects, requiring that franchises be
granted for reasonable periods of time, providing various remedies and
safeguards to protect cable operators against arbitrary refusals to renew
franchises, and limiting franchise fees to 5% of revenues.

         Apart from its authority under the 1992 Cable Act and the
Telecommunications Act of 1996, the FCC regulates various other aspects of
cable television operations.  Since 1990 cable systems have been required to
black out from the distant broadcast stations they carry syndicated programs
for which local stations have purchased exclusive rights and requested
exclusivity.  Other long-standing FCC rules require cable systems to delete
under certain circumstances duplicative network programs broadcast by distant
stations.  The FCC also imposes certain technical standards on cable television
operators, exercises the power to license various microwave and  other radio
facilities frequently used in cable television operations, regulates the
assignment and transfer of control of such licenses, and oversees compliance
with certain affirmative action and equal employment opportunity obligations
applicable to cable systems.  In addition, pursuant to the Pole Attachment Act,
the FCC exercises authority to disapprove unreasonable rates charged to cable
operators by telephone and power utilities for utilizing space on utility poles
or in underground conduits.

         The Copyright Act of 1976 grants to cable television systems, under
certain terms and conditions, the right to retransmit the signals of television
stations pursuant to a compulsory copyright license.  Those terms and
conditions include the payment of certain license fees set forth in the statute
or established by subsequent administrative regulations. The compulsory license
fees have been increased on several occasions since this Act went into effect.
In 1994 the availability of the compulsory copyright license was extended to
"wireless cable" and direct broadcast satellite operators, although in the
latter case the license right is limited to independent and network-affiliated
stations whose over-the-air signal (or a signal carrying the same network's
programming) is not available at the subscriber's location.  Some pending
legislative proposals would modify or eliminate the compulsory copyright
licensing scheme, and the FCC and others have urged that the compulsory license
be phased out for local or distant broadcast signals or both.

         Until recently, telephone companies were generally prohibited from
operating cable systems in areas in which they provide local telephone service.
However, that prohibition was eliminated by the






                                       6
<PAGE>   8
Telecommunications Act of 1996.  Telephone companies now can provide video
services in their telephone service areas under four different regulatory
plans.  First, they can provide traditional cable television service and be
subject to the same regulations as the Company's cable television systems
(including compliance with local franchise and any other local or state
regulatory requirements).  Second, they can provide "wireless cable" service,
which is described below, and not be subject to either  cable regulations or
franchise requirements.  Third, they can provide video services on a
common-carrier basis, under which they would not be required to obtain local
franchises but would be subject to common-carrier regulation (including a
prohibition against exercising control over programming content).  Finally,
they can operate so-called "open video systems" without local franchises and be
subject to reduced regulatory burdens.  The Act contains detailed requirements
governing the operation of open video systems, including the nondiscriminatory
offering of capacity to third parties and limiting to one-third of total system
capacity the number of channels the operator can program when demand exceeds
available capacity.  In addition, the rates charged by an open video system
operator to a third party for the carriage of video programming must be just
and reasonable as determined in accordance with standards to be established by
the FCC.  (Cable operators and others not affiliated with a telephone company
may also become operators of open video systems.)  The Act also generally
prohibits telephone companies from acquiring or owning an interest in existing
cable systems operating in their service areas.

         The Telecommunications Act of 1996 balances this grant of video
authority to telephone companies by removing regulatory barriers to the
offering of telephone services by cable companies and others.  The Act preempts
state and local laws that have barred local telephone competition in some
states.  In addition, the Act requires local telephone companies to permit
cable companies and other competitors to connect with the telephone network and
requires telephone companies to give competitors access to the essential
features and functionalities of the local telephone network (such as switching
capability, signal carriage from the subscriber's residence to the switching
center and directory assistance) on an unbundled basis.  As an alternative
method of providing local telephone service, the Act permits cable companies
and others to purchase telephone service on a wholesale basis and then resell
it to their subscribers.

         During the past several years, the FCC has adopted various rule
changes intended to facilitate the development of so-called "wireless cable," a
video service that is capable of distributing as many as 30 television channels
in a local area by over-the-air microwave transmission using current analog
technology and that may be capable of providing a greater number of channels
using digital compression technologies.  The FCC also is expected to issue
licenses in 1996 for a new digital wireless cable service which will utilize
1,000 megahertz of spectrum in the 28 gigahertz band and is intended to provide
multiple video channels as well as voice and data transmission services.
Wireless cable services are not required to obtain franchises from local
governmental authorities and generally operate under fewer regulatory
requirements than conventional cable television systems.

         Litigation is pending in various courts in which prohibitions on cable
television operations without a franchise and various franchise requirements
are being challenged as unlawful under the First Amendment, the antitrust laws
and on other grounds.  If successful, such litigation could facilitate the
development of duplicative cable facilities that would compete with existing
cable systems.

         The regulation of certain cable television rates pursuant to the
authority granted to the FCC has negatively impacted the revenues of the
Company's cable systems. The Company is unable to predict what effect the other
matters discussed above may ultimately have on its cable television business.






                                       7
<PAGE>   9
                              MAGAZINE PUBLISHING

         Newsweek is a weekly news magazine published both domestically and
internationally.  In gathering, reporting and writing news and other material
for publication, Newsweek maintains news bureaus in 9 U.S. and 14 foreign
cities.

         The domestic edition of Newsweek is comprised of over 100 different
geographic or demographic editions which carry substantially identical news and
feature material but enable advertisers to direct messages to specific market
areas or demographic groups.  Domestically, Newsweek ranks second in
circulation among the three leading weekly news magazines (Newsweek, Time and
U.S.  News & World Report).  Its average weekly domestic circulation rate base
and its percentage of the total weekly domestic circulation rate base of the
three leading weekly news magazines for the past five years are set forth in
the following table:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                      NEWSWEEK AVERAGE     PERCENTAGE OF
                                     WEEKLY CIRCULATION    THREE LEADING
                                         RATE BASE         NEWS MAGAZINES
                                         ---------         --------------
 <S>                                     <C>                   <C>
 1991  . . . . . . . . . . . . .         3,100,000             34.1%
 1992  . . . . . . . . . . . . .         3,100,000             33.2%
 1993  . . . . . . . . . . . . .         3,100,000             32.7%
 1994  . . . . . . . . . . . . .         3,100,000             33.0%
 1995  . . . . . . . . . . . . .         3,100,000             33.0%
</TABLE>
         Newsweek is sold on newsstands and through subscription mail order
sales derived from a number of sources, principally direct mail promotion. The
basic one-year subscription price is $41.08.  During 1995 most subscriptions
were sold at a discount from the basic price.  Since January 1992 Newsweek's
newsstand price has been $2.95 per copy.

         The total number of Newsweek's domestic advertising pages and gross
domestic advertising revenues as reported by Publishers' Information Bureau,
Inc., together with Newsweek's percentages of the total number of advertising
pages and total advertising revenues of the three leading weekly news
magazines, for the past five years have been as follows:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                          PERCENTAGE
                                              OF
                                            THREE           NEWSWEEK
                            NEWSWEEK        LEADING          GROSS           PERCENTAGE OF
                           ADVERTISING       NEWS         ADVERTISING        THREE LEADING
                             PAGES*        MAGAZINES       REVENUES*         NEWS MAGAZINES
                             ------       ----------       ---------         --------------
<S>                           <C>           <C>          <C>                     <C>
1991  . . . . . . . .         1,948         32.5%        $ 233,601,000           32.7%
1992  . . . . . . . .         2,109         33.2%          258,396,000           32.4%
1993  . . . . . . . .         2,102         33.3%          260,673,000           32.3%
1994  . . . . . . . .         2,057         32.1%          276,074,000           32.4%
1995  . . . . . . . .         2,279         34.1%          328,886,000           34.9%
</TABLE>

- ---------------------

     * Advertising pages and gross advertising revenues are those reported
by Publishers' Information Bureau, Inc. PIB computes gross advertising
revenues from basic  one-time rates and the number of advertising pages
carried.  PIB figures therefore exceed actual gross advertising revenues,
which reflect lower rates for multiple insertions.  Net revenues as
reported in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Income also exclude
agency fees and cash discounts, which are included in the gross advertising
revenues shown above.  Page and revenue figures exclude affiliated
advertising.






                                       8
<PAGE>   10
         Newsweek's advertising rates are based on its average weekly
circulation rate base and are competitive with the other weekly news magazines.
Effective with the January 9, 1995 issue, national advertising rates were
increased by an average of 6.0%.  Beginning with the issue dated January 8,
1996, national advertising rates were increased again by an average of 7.0%.

         Newsweek Business Plus, which is published 39 times a year, is a
demographic edition of Newsweek distributed to high-income professional and
managerial subscribers and subscribers in zip-code-defined areas. Advertising
rates for this edition, which has a circulation rate base of 1,000,000 copies,
were increased an average of 7.0% in January 1996.

         Newsweek's other demographic edition, Newsweek Woman, which was
published 13 times during 1995, has a circulation rate base of 700,000 selected
female subscribers.  At the beginning of 1995 advertising rates for this
edition were increased by an average of 6.0%, with an additional average
increase of 7.0% instituted early in 1996.

         Internationally, Newsweek is published in an Atlantic edition covering
the British Isles, Europe, the Middle East and Africa, a Pacific edition
covering Japan, Korea and Southeast Asia, and a Latin America edition, all of
which are in the English language.  Editorial copy solely of domestic interest
is eliminated in the international editions and is replaced by other
international, business or national coverage primarily of interest abroad.
Since 1984 a 24-page section of Newsweek has been included in The Bulletin, an
Australian weekly news magazine which also circulates in New Zealand.  In 1986
a Japanese-language edition of Newsweek, Nihon Ban, began publication in Tokyo
pursuant to an arrangement with a Japanese publishing company which translates
editorial copy, sells advertising in Japan and prints and distributes the
edition.  A Korean-language edition of Newsweek, Hankuk Pan, began publication
in 1991 pursuant to a similar arrangement with a Korean publishing company.

         The average weekly circulation rate base, advertising pages and gross
advertising revenues of Newsweek's international editions (including The
Bulletin insertions but not including the Japanese- or Korean-language editions
of Newsweek) for the past five years have been as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                            AVERAGE WEEKLY                           GROSS
                              CIRCULATION       ADVERTISING       ADVERTISING
                               RATE BASE           PAGES*          REVENUES*
                               ---------           ------          ---------
 <S>                            <C>                <C>            <C>
 1991  . . . . . . . . .        705,000            2,296          $ 68,405,000
 1992  . . . . . . . . .        730,000            2,549            76,765,000
 1993  . . . . . . . . .        745,000            2,128            68,347,000
 1994  . . . . . . . . .        748,000            2,351            79,900,000
 1995  . . . . . . . . .        750,000            2,502            90,968,000
</TABLE>


- ---------------------
         * Advertising pages and gross advertising revenues are those reported
    by LNA International. LNA computes gross advertising revenues from basic
    one-time rates and the number of advertising pages carried.  LNA figures
    therefore exceed actual gross advertising revenues, which reflect lower
    rates for multiple insertions.  Net revenues as reported in the Company's
    Consolidated Statements of Income also exclude agency fees and cash
    discounts, which are included in the gross advertising revenues shown
    above.  Page and revenue figures exclude affiliated advertising.

         For 1996 the average weekly circulation rate base for Newsweek's
English language international editions (including The Bulletin insertions)
will be 752,000 copies.  Newsweek's rate card estimates the average weekly
circulation for the Japanese-language and Korean-language editions for 1996
will be 140,000 and 150,000 copies, respectively.






                                       9
<PAGE>   11
         In November 1994 Newsweek launched a weekly news magazine created for
online distribution. This magazine, known as Newsweek InterActive, combines
text, photos and audio and is currently available on the Prodigy service.
Newsweek InterActive will move to the America Online service in mid-1996.
Newsweek also produced a multimedia CD-ROM during 1995 which featured a review
of children's computer software.

         VirtualCity, a new publication from a collaboration between Virtual
Communications, Inc. and Newsweek, debuted in September 1995.  Currently
published quarterly, VirtualCity is designed to attract readers interested in
the emerging online community.

                                OTHER ACTIVITIES

KAPLAN EDUCATIONAL CENTERS

         A subsidiary of the Company owns the Kaplan Educational Centers, which
are engaged in preparing students for a broad range of admissions tests and
licensing examinations including SAT's, LSAT's, GMAT's and GRE's, and nursing
and medical boards.  In 1995 the Kaplan Centers had nearly 135,000 enrollments
and provided courses through more than 150 permanent educational centers
located throughout the United States and in Canada, Puerto Rico and London.  In
addition, Kaplan licenses material for certain of its courses to third parties
who in turn offer Kaplan courses in other foreign locations.

LEGI-SLATE

         LEGI-SLATE, Inc., another subsidiary of the Company, provides its
customers with access to a computerized database containing detailed
information on the legislative and regulatory activities of the United States
government.  The LEGI-SLATE database contains both abstracts and the full text
of every bill and resolution introduced in Congress, the entire Congressional
Record and every document published in the Federal Register. Content compiled
by LEGI-SLATE includes detailed legislative histories, complete voting records
and the Daily CFR(TM) service, a daily update of the Code of Federal
Regulations.  The database also includes relevant editorial material which is
both licensed from third parties and produced by LEGI-SLATE's own editorial
staff.

PASS SPORTS

         Pro Am Sports System, Inc. ("PASS") is a Detroit-based regional cable
sports network that provides programming to approximately 865,000 cable
television subscribers in Michigan and northwest Ohio.  PASS programming
includes games of the Detroit Tigers baseball team, the Detroit Pistons
basketball team and the Detroit Red Wings hockey team.

INTERNATIONAL HERALD TRIBUNE

         The Company beneficially owns 50% of the outstanding common stock of
the International Herald Tribune, S.A., a French company which publishes the
International Herald Tribune in Paris, France.  This English-language newspaper
has an average daily paid circulation of almost 200,000 copies and is
distributed in over 180 countries.

COWLES MEDIA COMPANY

         The Company owns approximately 28% of the outstanding common stock of
Cowles Media Company, most of which was acquired in 1985.  Cowles owns the
Minneapolis-St. Paul Star Tribune and a number of smaller publications.






                                       10
<PAGE>   12
DIGITAL INK

         In late 1993 the Company organized a new subsidiary, Digital Ink Co.,
to develop news and information products for distribution by computers, fax and
telephone.  In July 1995 Digital Ink commercially launched a locally oriented
online service featuring content from The Washington Post and other sources.
This service has utilized the AT&T Interchange Network as its publishing
platform, but Digital Ink is in the process of assembling the software and
systems necessary to migrate this service to a World Wide Web site on the
Internet.  Digital Ink is also contributing content from The Washington Post
and Newsweek to ElectionLine, a World Wide Web site that tracks events related
to the 1996 elections.

MAMMOTH MICRO PRODUCTIONS

         The Company wrote-off its investment in Mammoth Micro Productions,
Inc. ("MMP"), a producer and publisher of multimedia CD-ROM titles, in the
third quarter of 1995.  MMP was subsequently dissolved.

MOFFET, LARSON & JOHNSON

         The Company owns 71% of the outstanding common stock of Moffet, Larson
& Johnson, Inc., a telecommunications engineering firm specializing in the
design and development of advanced mobile, broadcast and common carrier radio
systems.

PERSONAL COMMUNICATIONS SERVICES

         In 1990 the Company formed a limited partnership with American
Personal Communications, Inc. ("APC"), to develop experimental and, eventually,
commercial wireless telephone systems in the Washington, D.C./Baltimore,
Maryland area utilizing the technologies that characterize what are now
generally referred to as personal communications service (or PCS) systems.  APC
is the sole managing general partner of the partnership and the Company
initially held a majority of the partnership's equity.

         Because of the changed circumstances, delays and increased costs
surrounding the partnership's opportunity to provide PCS services, the Company
decided to divest the majority of its ownership interest in the partnership.
On January 9, 1995, the Company sold all but a 1.5% limited partnership
interest in the partnership to APC and a consortium of communications
companies.  The purchase price for the Company's interest was essentially equal
to the pro rata share of the Company's investments in the partnership.  In
March 1996 the Company sold its remaining limited partnership interest on terms
comparable to those that prevailed in the earlier sale.

                          PRODUCTION AND RAW MATERIALS

         The Washington Post is produced at the newspaper's principal place of
business and plant in downtown Washington, D.C., and at its satellite printing
plants in Fairfax County, Virginia, and Southeast Washington, D.C. In mid-1995,
The Post announced that it will build a new production facility in Prince
George's County, Maryland, and expand its Fairfax County facility.  New press
equipment will be installed in both plants and is expected to be fully
operational by late 1998 or early 1999.  At that time production at the
newspaper's two Washington, D.C. facilities will be discontinued.

         All editions of The Herald are produced at its plant in Everett,
Washington.  The Gazette Newspapers are currently produced by three independent
contract printers, although during 1996 all production will be transferred to
the commercial printing operation recently acquired by The Gazette Newspapers,
Inc.  Newsweek's domestic edition is produced by three independent contract
printers at five separate plants in the United States; advertising inserts and
photo-offset films for the domestic






                                       11
<PAGE>   13
edition are also produced by independent contractors.  The international
editions of Newsweek are printed in England, Hong Kong, Singapore, Switzerland
and Hollywood, Florida; insertions for The Bulletin are printed in Australia.

         In 1995 The Washington Post consumed about 240,000 tons* of newsprint
purchased from a number of suppliers, including Bowater Incorporated, which
supplied approximately 30% of The Post's 1995 newsprint requirements. About
half of the newsprint The Post purchases from Bowater Incorporated is provided
by Bowater Mersey Paper Company Limited, 49% of the common stock of which is
owned by the Company (the majority interest being held by a subsidiary of
Bowater Incorporated).  Bowater Mersey owns and operates a newsprint mill near
Halifax, Nova Scotia, and owns extensive woodlands that provide part of the
mill's wood requirements.  In 1995 Bowater Mersey produced about 250,000 tons
of newsprint.

         The Company, through a subsidiary, has a 35% limited partnership
interest in Bear Island Paper Company, which owns and operates a newsprint mill
in Doswell, Virginia, about 85 miles south of Washington, D.C.  The general
partner, which has a 30% interest and manages the mill, is Brant-Allen
Industries, Inc., a firm experienced in the construction and operation of
similar mills; the other limited partner, also with a 35% interest, is a
subsidiary of Dow Jones & Company, Inc. The Paper Company and  Bear Island
Timberlands Company, in which a subsidiary of the Company also has a 35%
limited partnership interest, own an aggregate of approximately 150,000 acres
of Virginia woodlands.  These woodlands supply a portion of the wood
requirements of the Paper Company's mill.  That mill produced about 230,000
tons of newsprint in 1995, and during that year The Post purchased about 20% of
its newsprint requirements from Bear Island Paper Company. Bear Island Paper
Company also owns a recycling plant that provides 20% of the pulp used by the
mill.

         The announced price of newsprint (excluding discounts which decreased
during the year) was approximately $620 per ton at the beginning of 1995 and
increased to about $750 per ton by year-end. The Post believes it has adequate
newsprint available through contracts with its various suppliers. About 85% of
the newsprint used by The Post includes some recycled content. The Company owns
80% of the stock of Capitol Fiber Inc., which handles and sells to recycling
industries old newspapers and other paper collected in Washington, D.C,
Maryland and northern Virginia.

         In 1995 The Herald consumed approximately 7,200 tons of newsprint
(including that used in its commercial printing operations) which was supplied
by four different suppliers, the largest of which furnished about 33% of the
newspaper's total requirements.  Approximately 70% of the newsprint used by The
Herald includes some recycled content.

         The domestic edition of Newsweek consumed 31,753 tons of paper in
1995, the bulk of which was purchased from eight major suppliers.  The current
cost of body paper (the principal paper component of the magazine) is
approximately $1,200 per ton.

         Over 90% of the aggregate domestic circulation of Newsweek is
delivered by second class mail, and most subscriptions are solicited by either
first- or third-class mail.  Thus substantial increases in postal rates for
these classes of mail may have a significant negative impact on Newsweek's
operating income.  In December 1994 the Board of Governors of the U.S. Postal
Service approved a rate increase of 10.3% for first-class mail  and 14% for
second- and third-class mail effective January 1, 1995. This action increased
Newsweek's annual postage costs by approximately $4.5 million.

- ------------------

    * All references in this report to newsprint tonnage and prices refer to
short tons (2,000 pounds) and not to metric tons (2,204.6 pounds) which are
often used in newsprint price quotations.






                                       12
<PAGE>   14
                                  COMPETITION

         The Washington Times, a newspaper published since 1982 in Washington,
D.C., began publishing Saturday and Sunday editions in competition with The
Washington Post in 1991.  The Post also encounters competition in varying
degrees from newspapers published in suburban and outlying areas, other
nationally circulated newspapers and from television, radio, magazines and
other advertising media, including direct mail advertising.

         The Herald circulates principally in Snohomish County, Washington; its
chief competitors are the Seattle Times and the Seattle Post-Intelligencer,
which are daily and Sunday newspapers published in Seattle and whose Snohomish
County circulation is principally in the southwest portion of the county. Since
1983 the two Seattle newspapers have consolidated their business and production
operations and combined their Sunday editions pursuant to a joint operating
agreement, although they continue to publish separate daily newspapers.
Although The Herald's principal circulation is in Snohomish County, it is also
distributed in two other nearby counties (including King County where Seattle
is located) in which its circulation is less than that of the Seattle
newspapers. Numerous weekly and semi-weekly newspapers and shoppers are
distributed in The Herald's principal circulation area.

         The circulation of The Gazette Newspapers is limited to Montgomery
County and parts of Frederick and Carroll Counties, Maryland (areas where The
Washington Post also circulates).  The Gazette Newspapers compete in varying
degrees with many advertising vehicles available in their service areas,
including The Potomac and Bethesda/Chevy Chase Almanacs and The Western
Montgomery Bulletin, weekly controlled-circulation community newspapers, The
Montgomery County Sentinel, a weekly paid-circulation community newspaper, and
The Montgomery County Journal, a daily paid-circulation community newspaper
(which also publishes two controlled-circulation weekly editions).

         The Board of Governors of the U.S. Postal Service has approved the
creation, effective July 1, 1996, of a special "enhanced carrier route"
subclass within the third-class rate structure which will provide lower rates
for the mailing of bulk advertising.  The Company believes this decrease in
postal rates applicable to bulk advertising will have an adverse impact on the
advertising revenues of The Washington Post, The Herald and The Gazette
Newspapers, although the Company is unable to quantify the amount of such
impact.  However other changes in postal rates approved at the same time
(principally increased second-class discounts for carrier-route sorting and bar
coding) will reduce Newsweek's annual postage costs by approximately $2.5
million.

         The Company's television stations compete for audiences and
advertising revenues with television and radio stations and cable television
systems serving the same or nearby areas and to a lesser degree with other
media such as newspapers and magazines.  Both independent stations and stations
affiliated with the Fox Broadcasting Network, the United Paramount Network and
the Warner Brothers Network are becoming increasingly competitive, and cable
television systems continue to expand their operations in the Company's
broadcast markets where they compete for television viewing by importing
out-of-market television signals and by distributing pay-cable,
advertiser-supported and other programming that is originated for cable
systems.  During 1994 two direct broadcast satellite or  "DBS" services, Direct
TV and United States Satellite Broadcasting, began providing nationwide
distribution of television programming using small receiving dishes and digital
transmission (although neither service includes the signals of any local
independent or network-affiliated television stations except in areas where
such station's over-the-air signal, or a signal carrying the same network's
programming, is not available).  In addition, telephone companies have shown
increasing interest in






                                       13
<PAGE>   15
providing cable television and other video services and, pursuant to the
provisions of the Telecommunications Act of 1996, are now free to own and
operate cable television systems in the same areas where they provide telephone
services.  The Company's television stations may also become subject to
increased competition from low power television stations, wireless cable
services, satellite master antenna systems (which can carry pay-cable and
similar program material) and prerecorded video programming.  Further, high
definition and other improved television technologies are being developed which
in the future may enhance the ability of some of these other video providers to
compete for viewers with the local television broadcasting stations owned by
the Company.

         Cable television systems operate in a highly competitive environment.
In addition to competing with the direct reception of television broadcast
signals by the viewer's own antenna, such systems (like existing television
stations) are subject to competition from other forms of television program
delivery such as DBS services, low power television stations, wireless cable
services, satellite master antenna systems and prerecorded video programming.
The Telecommunications Act of 1996 may also increase the competition faced by
existing cable television systems by facilitating the provision of competing
services by local telephone companies.

         According to figures compiled by Publishers' Information Bureau, Inc.,
of the 203 magazines reported on by the Bureau, Newsweek ranked fifth in total
advertising revenues in 1995, when it received approximately 3.3% of all
advertising revenues of the magazines included in the report.  The magazine
industry is highly competitive both within itself and with other advertising
media which compete for audience and advertising revenue.

         The Company's publications and television broadcasting and cable
operations also compete for readers' and viewers' time with various other
leisure-time activities.

         The future of the Company's various business activities depends on a
number of factors, including the general strength of the economy, population
growth, technological innovations and new entertainment, news and information
dissemination systems, overall advertising revenues, the relative efficiency of
publishing and broadcasting compared to other forms of advertising and,
particularly in the case of television broadcasting and cable operations, the
extent and nature of government regulations.

                               EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

         The executive officers of the Company, each of whom is elected for a
one-year term at the meeting of the Board of Directors immediately following
the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held in May of each year, are as follows:

         Donald E. Graham, age 50, has been Chairman of the Board of the
Company since September 1993 and Chief Executive Officer of the Company since
May 1991.  Mr. Graham served as President of the Company from May 1991  until
September 1993 and prior to that had been a Vice President of the Company for
more than five years.  Mr. Graham also is Publisher of The Washington Post,
having occupied that position since 1979.

         Alan G. Spoon, age 44, is President and Chief Operating Officer of the
Company.  Mr. Spoon served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating
Officer of the Company from May 1991 until September 1993 and had previously
been a Vice President of the Company since July 1987.  Mr. Spoon also served as
the Company's Vice President-Finance from July 1987 until November 1989, and as
President of Newsweek, Inc. from September 1989 until May 1991.






                                       14
<PAGE>   16
         Katharine Graham, age 78, is Chairman of the Executive Committee of
the Company's Board of Directors.  Mrs. Graham previously served as Chairman of
the Board of the Company from 1973 until September 1993 and as the Company's
Chief Executive Officer from 1973 until May 1991.

         Martin Cohen, age 64, is a Vice President of the Company; from 1975 to
July 1987 he served as Vice President-Finance and Treasurer of the Company.

         Diana M. Daniels, age 46, has been Vice President and General Counsel
of the Company since November 1988 and Secretary of the Company since September
1991.  Ms. Daniels served as General Counsel of the Company from January 1988
to November 1988 and prior to that had been Vice President and General Counsel
of Newsweek, Inc. since 1979.

         Beverly R. Keil, age 49, has been Vice President-Human Resources of
the Company since 1986; from 1982 through 1985 she was the Company's Director
of Human Resources.

         John B. Morse, Jr., age 49, has been Vice President-Finance of the
Company since November 1989.  He joined the Company as Vice President and
Controller in July 1989, and prior to that had been a partner of Price
Waterhouse.

                                   EMPLOYEES

         The Company and its subsidiaries employ approximately 7,010 persons on
a full-time basis.

         The Washington Post has approximately 2,860 full-time employees. About
2,010 of The Post's full-time employees and about 455 part-time employees are
represented by one or another of nine unions.  Collective bargaining agreements
are currently in effect with locals of the following unions covering the
full-time and part-time employees and expiring on the dates indicated:  1,271
employees in the editorial, newsroom and commercial departments represented by
the Washington-Baltimore Newspaper Guild (November 12, 1998); 143 paperhandlers
and general workers represented by the Graphic Communications Union (June 1,
2000); 46 machinists represented by the International Association of Machinists
(January 13, 2001); 49 photoengravers-platemakers represented by the Graphic
Arts International Union (February 17, 2001); 117 building service employees
represented by the Service Employees International Union (April 30, 1996); 39
engineers, carpenters and painters represented by the International Union of
Operating Engineers (March 1, 1997); 394 mailers and 202 mailroom helpers
represented by the Washington Mailers' Union (June 15, 1997); 175 typographers
represented by the Columbia Typographical Union (October 2, 2000); and 30
electricians represented by the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers
(June 17, 2001).

         Of the approximately 215 full-time and 100 part-time employees at The
Herald, about 62 full-time and 15 part-time employees are represented by one
or another of three unions.  The newspaper's collective bargaining agreement
with the Graphic Communications International Union, which represents press
operators, will expire on March 15, 2000. Its agreement with the International
Brotherhood of Teamsters, which represents bundle haulers, will expire on May
31, 1998, and its agreement with the Communications Workers of America, which
represents printers and mailers, will expire on October 31, 1998.

         Newsweek has approximately 890 full-time employees (including about
195 editorial employees represented by the New York Newspaper Guild under a
collective bargaining agreement which expired in December 1995 and is currently
being renegotiated).






                                       15
<PAGE>   17
         The Company's broadcasting operations have approximately 910 full-time
employees, of whom about 250 are union-represented.  Of the ten collective
bargaining agreements covering union-represented employees, four have expired
and are being renegotiated. Two other collective bargaining agreements will
expire in 1996.

         The Company's Cable Television Division has approximately 930
full-time employees.  Stanley H. Kaplan Educational Center Ltd. employs
approximately 600 persons on full-time basis (which number does not include
substantial numbers of part-time employees who serve in instructional and
clerical capacities).  The Gazette Newspapers, Inc. has approximately 295
full-time and 60 part-time employees. Robinson Terminal Warehouse Corporation
(the Company's newsprint warehousing and distribution subsidiary), Legi-Slate,
Digital Ink and Moffet, Larson & Johnson each employ fewer than 150 persons.
None of these units' employees is represented by a union.

ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES.

         The Company owns the publishing plant and principal offices of The
Washington Post in downtown Washington, D.C., including both a seven-story
building in use since 1950 and a connected nine-story office building on
contiguous property completed in 1972 in which are located the Company's
principal executive offices.  Additionally, the Company owns land on the corner
of 15th and L Streets, N.W., in Washington, D.C., adjacent to The Washington
Post plant and office building.  The Company has leased this property under a
long-term ground lease to The Prudential Insurance Company of America, which in
1982 completed construction of a new multi-story office building on the site.
The Company rents a number of floors in this building.   The Company also owns
and occupies a small office building on L Street which is next to The Post's
downtown plant.

         In 1980 the Company completed construction of a satellite printing
plant on 13 acres of land owned by the Company in Fairfax County, Virginia, and
in 1981 purchased the printing plant of the defunct Washington Star located in
Southeast Washington, D.C.  In early 1996 the Company purchased a 17-acre tract
of undeveloped land in Prince George's County, Maryland, where a new printing
and distribution facility for The Post will be constructed.  The Company also
owns undeveloped land near Dulles Airport in Fairfax County, Virginia (39
acres), in Prince George's County, Maryland (34 acres), and in Montgomery
County, Maryland (10 acres).

         The Herald owns its plant and office building in Everett, Washington;
it also owns two warehouses adjacent to its plant and a small office building
in Lynnwood, Washington, that is currently leased to a third party.

         The Gazette Newspapers, Inc. owns a two-story brick building that
serves as headquarters for The Gazette Newspapers and a separate two-story
brick building that houses its newly acquired commercial printing business. It
also owns a warehouse used by the commercial printing business and a one-story
brick building that formerly served as its headquarters and is currently
available for lease.  All of these properties are located in Gaithersburg,
Maryland.  Satellite editorial and sales offices for The Gazette Newspapers are
located in leased premises.

         The principal offices of Newsweek are located at 251 West 57th Street
in New York City, where Newsweek rents space on nine floors.  The lease on this
space will expire in 2009 but is renewable for a 15-year period at Newsweek's
option at rentals to be negotiated or arbitrated.  Newsweek's accounting,
production and distribution departments, and its subscription service
operations, are located in a facility Newsweek built in 1987 on a 16-acre tract
in Mountain Lakes, New Jersey.






                                       16
<PAGE>   18
         The headquarters offices of the Company's broadcasting operations are
located in Hartford, Connecticut, in the same facilities that house the offices
and studios of WFSB.  That facility and those that house the operations of each
of the Company's other television stations are all owned by the Company.

         The headquarters offices of the Cable Television Division are located
in leased premises in Phoenix, Arizona.  The majority of the offices and
head-end facilities of the Division's individual cable systems are located in
buildings owned by the Company.  Substantially all the tower sites used by the
Division are leased.

         Robinson Terminal Warehouse Corporation owns two wharves and several
warehouses in Alexandria, Virginia.  These facilities are adjacent to the
business district and occupy approximately seven acres of land.  Robinson also
owns two partially developed tracts of land in Fairfax County, Virginia,
aggregating about 22 acres.  These tracts are near The Washington Post's
existing satellite printing plant and include several warehouses.  In 1992
Robinson purchased approximately 23 acres of undeveloped land on the Potomac
River in Charles County, Maryland, for the possible construction of additional
warehouse capacity.

         Stanley H. Kaplan Educational Center Ltd. owns a six-story building
located at 131 West 56th Street in New York City, which serves as the Manhattan
Educational Center, and a one-story building in Brooklyn, New York, which
houses Kaplan's printing and production facilities.  Kaplan's headquarters
offices are located at 810 Seventh Avenue in New York City, where Kaplan rents
space on two floors under leases which expire between 1996 and 1997.  All
Kaplan educational centers outside of Manhattan occupy leased premises.

         The offices of Legi-Slate are located in Washington, D.C., and the
offices of Digital Ink and Moffet, Larson & Johnson are located in separate
facilities in Arlington, Virginia.  The office space for each of these units is
leased.

ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.

         The Company and its subsidiaries are parties to various civil lawsuits
that have arisen in the ordinary course of their businesses, including actions
for libel and invasion of privacy.  Management does not believe that any
litigation pending against the Company will have a material adverse effect on
its business or financial condition.

ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS.

         Not applicable.

                                    PART II

ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
         MATTERS.

         The Company's Class B Common Stock is traded on the New York Stock
Exchange under the symbol "WPO." The Company's Class A Common Stock is not
publicly traded.

         The high and low sales prices of the Company's Class B Common Stock
during the last two years were:






                                       17
<PAGE>   19
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 1995                              1994
                                                                 ----                              ----
                                Quarter                      High      Low                    High      Low
                                -------                      ----      ---                    ----      ---
                        <S>                                  <C>     <C>                     <C>       <C>
                        January - March . . . . . . . .     $ 258     $ 238                  $ 284    $ 232
                        April - June  . . . . . . . . .       271       255                    241      222
                        July - September  . . . . . . .       315       258                    238      231
                        October - December  . . . . . .       312       280                    248      234
</TABLE>
         During 1995 the Company repurchased 361,106 shares of Class B Common
Stock in unsolicited transactions at prices no higher than the last sale price
on the New York Stock Exchange.  All of the repurchased shares were included in
trading volume reported on 1995's consolidated tape and accounted for
approximately 23% of such volume.

         At February 29, 1996, there were 23 holders of record of the Company's
Class A Common Stock and 1,390 holders of record of the Company's Class B
Common Stock.

         Both classes of the Company's Common Stock participate equally as to
dividends.  Quarterly dividends were paid at the rate of $1.10 per share during
1995 and $1.05 per share during 1994.

ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA.

         See the information for the years 1991 through 1995 contained in the
table titled "Ten-Year Summary of Selected Historic Financial Data" which is
included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and listed in the index to
financial information on page 21 hereof (with only the information for such
years to be deemed filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K).

ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
         RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.

         See the information contained under the heading "Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition" which
is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and listed in the index to
financial information on page 21 hereof.

ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.

         See the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements at December 31,
1995, and for the periods then ended, together with the report of Price
Waterhouse LLP thereon and the information contained in Note N to said
Consolidated Financial Statements titled "Summary of Quarterly Operating
Results (Unaudited)," which are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and
listed in the index to financial information on page 21 hereof.

ITEM 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
         FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.

         Not applicable.

                                    PART III

ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT.

         The information contained under the heading "Executive Officers" in
Item 1 hereof, the information contained under the headings "Nominees for
Election by Class A Stockholders" and "Nominees for Election by Class B
Stockholders," and the information contained in the last two paragraphs under
the heading "Stock Holdings of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management" in the






                                       18
<PAGE>   20
definitive Proxy Statement for the Company's 1996 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference thereto.

ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.

         The information contained under the headings "Compensation of
Directors," "Executive Compensation," "Retirement Plans," "Compensation
Committee Report on Executive Compensation," "Compensation Committee Interlocks
and Insider Participation," and "Performance Graph" in the definitive Proxy
Statement for the Company's 1996 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is incorporated
herein by reference thereto.

ITEM 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT.

         The information contained under the heading "Stock Holdings of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management" in the definitive Proxy Statement for the
Company's 1996 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is incorporated herein by
reference thereto.

ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS.

         The information contained under the heading "Certain Transactions" in
the definitive Proxy Statement for the Company's 1996 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference thereto.

                                    PART IV

ITEM 14.  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K.

         (a) THE FOLLOWING DOCUMENTS ARE FILED AS PART OF THIS REPORT:

                 (i) Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules

                          As listed in the index to financial information on
                          page 21 hereof.

                 (ii) Exhibits

                          As listed in the index to exhibits on page 46 hereof.

         (b) REPORTS ON FORM 8-K.

                 No reports on Form 8-K were filed during the last quarter of
the period covered by this report.






                                       19
<PAGE>   21
                                   SIGNATURES

         PURSUANT TO THE REQUIREMENTS OF SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, THE REGISTRANT HAS DULY CAUSED THIS REPORT TO BE SIGNED
ON ITS BEHALF BY THE UNDERSIGNED, THEREUNTO DULY AUTHORIZED, ON MARCH 26, 1996.

                                     THE WASHINGTON POST COMPANY
                                             (Registrant)
                                    
                                       By  John B. Morse, Jr.
                                          --------------------
                                           John B. Morse, Jr.
                                    
                                        Vice President-Finance

         PURSUANT TO THE REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,
THIS REPORT HAS BEEN SIGNED BELOW BY THE FOLLOWING PERSONS ON BEHALF OF THE
REGISTRANT AND IN THE CAPACITIES INDICATED ON MARCH 26, 1996:

       Donald E. Graham                Chairman of the Board and
                                         Chief Executive Office
                                          (Principal Executive
                                          Officer) and Director

         Alan G. Spoon                 President, Chief Operating
                                          Officer and Director

       Katharine Graham                Chairman of the Executive
                                       Committee of the Board and
                                                Director

      John B. Morse, Jr.                 Vice President-Finance
                                        (Principal Financial and
                                           Accounting Officer)

        James E. Burke                          Director

         Martin Cohen                           Director

   George J. Gillespie, III                     Director

        Ralph E. Gomory                         Director

       Donald R. Keough                         Director

    Barbara Scott Preiskel                      Director

       William J. Ruane                         Director

      Richard D. Simmons                        Director

       George W. Wilson                         Director


                                                      By  John B. Morse, Jr.
                                                         -------------------
                                                          John B. Morse, Jr.

                                                           Attorney-in-Fact

         An original power of attorney authorizing Donald E. Graham, Alan G.
Spoon, Katharine Graham and John B. Morse, Jr., and each of them, to sign all
reports required to be filed by the Registrant pursuant to the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 on behalf of the above-named directors and officers has
been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.






                                       20
<PAGE>   22
                         INDEX TO FINANCIAL INFORMATION


                          THE WASHINGTON POST COMPANY

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                      PAGE
                                                                                                      ----
<S>                                                                                                     <C>
Financial Statements and Schedules:
         Report of Independent Accountants    . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     22
         Consolidated Statements of Income for the Three Fiscal Years
            Ended December 31, 1995   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     23
         Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 1995 and January 1, 1995   . . . . . . . . . .     24
         Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Three Fiscal Years
            Ended December 31, 1995   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     26
         Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity for the Three Fiscal
            Years Ended December 31, 1995   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     27
         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     28
         Financial Statement Schedules for the Three Fiscal Years Ended December 31, 1995   . . . .     38
                 II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial
         Condition (Unaudited)    . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     39
Ten-Year Summary of Selected Historical Financial Data (Unaudited)    . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     44
</TABLE>

                            -----------------------

         All other schedules have been omitted either because they are not
applicable or because the required information is included in the consolidated
financial statements or the notes thereto referred to above.






                                       21
<PAGE>   23
                       REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS


To The Board of Directors and Shareholders of
The Washington Post Company

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements, including the financial
statement schedule, referred to under Item 14(a)(i) on page 19 and listed in
the index on page 21 present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of The Washington Post Company and its subsidiaries at December 31,
1995 and January 1, 1995, and the results of their operations and their cash
flows for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended December 31, 1995,
in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.  These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company's management; our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on
our audits.  We conducted our audits of these statements in accordance with
generally accepted auditing standards which require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test
basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for the
opinion expressed above.

As discussed in Note E to the financial statements, the Company adopted,
effective at the beginning of 1993, Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes."


PRICE WATERHOUSE LLP


Washington, D.C.
January 30, 1996






                                       22
<PAGE>   24
THE WASHINGTON POST COMPANY


CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                        FISCAL YEAR ENDED
                                                                       ---------------------------------------------------
                                                                       DECEMBER 31,        JANUARY 1,           JANUARY 2,
(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AMOUNTS)                                       1995               1995                 1994
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                   <C>                  <C>                 <C>
OPERATING REVENUES
  Advertising . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       $ 1,094,620          $1,026,672          $  913,529
  Circulation and subscriber  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           453,330             438,500             444,385
  Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           171,499             148,806             140,277
                                                                      -----------          ----------          ----------
                                                                        1,719,449           1,613,978           1,498,191
                                                                      -----------          ----------          ----------
OPERATING COSTS AND EXPENSES
  Operating . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           948,088             861,464             790,256
  Selling, general, and administrative  . . . . . . . . . . . .           403,064             390,296             393,196
  Depreciation and amortization of property, plant,
    and equipment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            65,850              61,950              59,543
  Amortization of goodwill and other intangibles  . . . . . . .            31,429              25,393              16,216
                                                                      -----------          ----------          ----------
                                                                        1,448,431           1,339,103           1,259,211
                                                                      -----------          ----------          ----------

INCOME FROM OPERATIONS  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           271,018             274,875             238,980
  Equity in earnings (losses) of affiliates . . . . . . . . . .            24,512               7,325              (1,994)
  Interest income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             7,974               9,196              11,085
  Interest expense  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            (5,600)             (5,590)             (4,983)
  Other income (expense), net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            13,492               1,116              20,379
                                                                      -----------          ----------          ----------

INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES AND CUMULATIVE
  EFFECT OF CHANGE IN ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLE  . . . . . . . . . .           311,396             286,922             263,467

PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           121,300             117,250             109,650
                                                                      -----------          ----------          ----------

INCOME BEFORE CUMULATIVE EFFECT OF CHANGE
  IN ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLE . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           190,096             169,672             153,817

CUMULATIVE EFFECT OF CHANGE IN METHOD
  OF ACCOUNTING FOR INCOME TAXES  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                --                  --              11,600
                                                                      -----------          ----------          ----------

NET INCOME  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       $   190,096          $  169,672          $  165,417
                                                                      ===========          ==========          ==========
EARNINGS PER SHARE:

    BEFORE CUMULATIVE EFFECT OF CHANGE IN                             
      ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLE  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       $     17.15          $    14.65          $    13.10
                                                                
    CUMULATIVE EFFECT OF CHANGE IN                              
      ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLE  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                --                  --                 .98
                                                                      -----------          ----------          ----------
    NET INCOME  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       $     17.15          $    14.65          $    14.08
                                                                      ===========          ==========          ==========
</TABLE>                                                             

The information on pages 28 through 37 is an integral part of the financial
statements.





                                       23
<PAGE>   25
THE WASHINGTON POST COMPANY


CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                          DECEMBER 31,          JANUARY 1,
(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AMOUNTS)                                                          1995                 1995
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                        <C>                 <C>
ASSETS

CURRENT ASSETS
  Cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        $  146,901          $  117,269
  Investments in marketable debt securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            12,756              24,570
  Accounts receivable, net  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           200,698             175,441
  Inventories . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            26,766              20,378
  Other current assets  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            19,449              38,221
                                                                                           ----------          ----------
                                                                                              406,570             375,879

INVESTMENTS IN AFFILIATES . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           189,053             170,754

PROPERTY, PLANT, AND EQUIPMENT
  Buildings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           190,543             185,193
  Machinery, equipment, and fixtures  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           664,403             629,043
  Leasehold improvements  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            33,805              33,287
                                                                                           ----------          ----------
                                                                                              888,751             847,523

  Less accumulated depreciation and amortization  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          (535,691)           (499,172)
                                                                                           ----------          ----------
                                                                                              353,060             348,351

  Land  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            32,513              32,562
  Construction in progress  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            71,786              30,483
                                                                                           ----------          ----------
                                                                                              457,359             411,396

GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLES, less accumulated amortization
  of $177,932 and $155,161  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           472,291             512,405

DEFERRED CHARGES AND OTHER ASSETS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           207,620             226,434
                                                                                           ----------          ----------
                                                                                           $1,732,893          $1,696,868
                                                                                           ==========          ==========
</TABLE>

The information on pages 28 through 37 is an integral part of the financial
statements.





                                       24
<PAGE>   26
THE WASHINGTON POST COMPANY


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                          DECEMBER 31,          JANUARY 1,
(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AMOUNTS)                                                          1995                 1995
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                        <C>                 <C>
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

CURRENT LIABILITIES
  Accounts payable and accrued liabilities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        $  172,004          $  186,129
  Federal and state income taxes  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             3,494               6,593
  Deferred subscription revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            82,457              80,351
  Current portion of long-term debt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            50,222                  --
                                                                                           ----------          ----------
                                                                                              308,177             273,073

OTHER LIABILITIES . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           205,869             217,461

LONG-TERM DEBT  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                --              50,297

DEFERRED INCOME TAXES . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            34,643              29,104
                                                                                           ----------          ----------
                                                                                              548,689             569,935
                                                                                           ----------          ----------

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
  Preferred stock, $1 par value, 1,000,000 shares authorized  . . . . . . . . . . .                --                  --
  Common stock
    Class A common stock, $1 par value, 7,000,000 shares
      authorized; 1,804,250 and 1,843,250 shares
      issued and outstanding  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             1,804               1,843
    Class B common stock, $1 par value, 40,000,000 shares
      authorized; 18,195,750 and 18,156,750 shares
      issued; 9,201,163 and 9,502,804 shares outstanding  . . . . . . . . . . . . .            18,196              18,157
  Capital in excess of par value  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            24,941              21,273
  Retained earnings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         1,832,706           1,691,497
  Cumulative foreign currency translation adjustment  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             5,537               5,328
  Unrealized gain on available-for-sale securities (net of taxes) . . . . . . . . .             3,224               2,933
  Cost of 8,994,587 and 8,653,946 shares of Class B
    common stock held in treasury . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          (702,204)           (614,098)
                                                                                           ----------          ----------
                                                                                            1,184,204           1,126,933
                                                                                           ----------          ----------
                                                                                           $1,732,893          $1,696,868
                                                                                           ==========          ==========
</TABLE>

The information on pages 28 through 37 is an integral part of the financial
statements.





                                       25
<PAGE>   27
THE WASHINGTON POST COMPANY


CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                        FISCAL YEAR ENDED
                                                                       ----------------------------------------------------
                                                                       DECEMBER 31,        JANUARY 1,           JANUARY 2,
(IN THOUSANDS)                                                             1995               1995                 1994
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                   <C>                  <C>                 <C>
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
  Net income  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       $   190,096          $  169,672          $  165,417
  Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided
    by operating activities:
      Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle . . .                --                  --             (11,600)
      Depreciation and amortization of property, plant, and 
      equipment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            65,850              61,950              59,543
      Amortization of goodwill and other intangibles  . . . . .            31,429              25,393              16,216
      Gain from disposition of businesses, net  . . . . . . . .            (1,341)                 --             (13,371)
      Equity in (earnings) losses of affiliates, net of 
      distributions   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           (18,090)             (4,333)              4,737
      Provision for deferred income taxes . . . . . . . . . . .             5,408              (6,882)             (1,669)
      Change in assets and liabilities:
        (Increase) in accounts receivable, net  . . . . . . . .           (25,579)            (34,543)            (12,270)
        (Increase) decrease in inventories  . . . . . . . . . .            (6,388)             (3,959)              3,839
        (Decrease) increase in accounts payable and accrued 
        liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           (15,507)             17,376             (17,054)
        (Decrease) increase in income taxes payable . . . . . .            (3,099)             (9,133)              2,859
        Decrease (increase) in other assets and other 
        liabilities, net  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            13,074             (20,192)            (19,061)
      Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            10,605               9,110               4,831
                                                                      -----------          ----------          ----------
          Net cash provided by operating activities . . . . . .           246,458             204,459             182,417
                                                                      -----------          ----------          ----------

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
  Net proceeds from sale of business  . . . . . . . . . . . . .            32,743                  --              64,947
  Purchases of property, plant, and equipment . . . . . . . . .          (121,697)            (74,642)            (79,139)
  Purchases of marketable debt securities . . . . . . . . . . .           (55,649)            (38,994)           (520,114)
  Maturities and sales of marketable debt securities  . . . . .            67,453             274,776             509,937
  Investments in certain businesses . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            (1,757)           (281,937)             (1,591)
  Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .               552              (1,124)                663
                                                                      -----------          ----------          ----------
          Net cash (used) by investing activities . . . . . . .           (78,355)           (121,921)            (25,297)
                                                                      -----------          ----------          ----------

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
  Principal payments on debt  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                --              (1,400)                 --
  Dividends paid  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           (48,887)            (48,721)            (49,376)
  Common shares repurchased . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           (89,584)            (86,660)            (23,133)
  Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                --                  --                  61
                                                                      -----------          ----------          ----------
          Net cash (used) by financing activities . . . . . . .          (138,471)           (136,781)            (72,448)
                                                                      -----------          ----------          ----------

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH
  EQUIVALENTS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            29,632             (54,243)             84,672

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF YEAR  . . . . . . . .           117,269             171,512              86,840
                                                                      -----------          ----------          ----------

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR  . . . . . . . . . . .       $   146,901          $  117,269          $  171,512
                                                                      ===========          ==========          ==========

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION:
  Cash paid during the year for:
    Income taxes  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       $   122,000          $  134,700          $  110,300
    Interest  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       $     5,102          $    5,200          $    5,600
</TABLE>

The information on pages 28 through 37 is an integral part of the financial
statements.





                                       26
<PAGE>   28
THE WASHINGTON POST COMPANY


CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN
SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                            CUMULATIVE  UNREALIZED
                                                                                              FOREIGN     GAIN ON
                                             CLASS A   CLASS B   CAPITAL IN                  CURRENCY   AVAILABLE-
                                              COMMON   COMMON     EXCESS OF     RETAINED    TRANSLATION  FOR-SALE     TREASURY
(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AMOUNTS)          STOCK     STOCK     PAR VALUE     EARNINGS    ADJUSTMENT  SECURITIES      STOCK
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                          <C>       <C>         <C>       <C>              <C>        <C>         <C>
BALANCE JANUARY 3, 1993 . . . . . . . . .    $1,843    $18,157     $18,747   $ 1,454,505      $ 4,939    $   --      $(505,186)
  Net income for the year . . . . . . . .                                        165,417
  Dividends -- $4.20 per share  . . . . .                                        (49,376)
  Repurchase of 99,800 shares of
    Class B common stock  . . . . . . . .                                                                              (23,133)
  Issuance of 15,030 shares of Class B
    common stock, net of restricted stock
    award forfeitures . . . . . . . . . .                            2,480                                                 930
  Change in foreign currency translation
    adjustment  . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                      (2,031)
  Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                              127
                                             ------    -------     -------   -----------      -------    ------      ---------
BALANCE JANUARY 2, 1994 . . . . . . . . .     1,843     18,157      21,354     1,570,546        2,908        --       (527,389)
  Net income for the year . . . . . . . .                                        169,672
  Dividends -- $4.20 per share  . . . . .                                        (48,721)
  Repurchase of 366,500 shares of
    Class B common stock  . . . . . . . .                                                                              (86,660)
  Restricted stock award forfeitures of
    811 shares, net of issuance of
    Class B common stock  . . . . . . . .                             (130)                                                (49)
  Change in foreign currency translation
    adjustment  . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                       2,420
  Unrealized gain on available-for-sale
    securities (net of taxes) . . . . . .                                                                 2,933
  Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                               49
                                             ------    -------     -------   -----------      -------    ------      ---------
BALANCE JANUARY 1, 1995 . . . . . . . . .     1,843     18,157      21,273     1,691,497        5,328     2,933       (614,098)
  Net income for the year . . . . . . . .                                        190,096
  Dividends -- $4.40 per share  . . . . .                                        (48,887)
  Repurchase of 361,106 shares of
    Class B common stock  . . . . . . . .                                                                              (89,584)
  Issuance of 20,465 shares of
    Class B common stock, net of
    restricted stock award forfeitures  .                            3,403                                               1,478
  Change in foreign currency translation
    adjustment  . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                         209
  Unrealized gain on available-for-sale
    securities (net of taxes) . . . . . .                                                                   291
  Conversion of Class A common
    stock to Class B common stock . . . .       (39)        39
  Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                              265
                                             ------    -------     -------   -----------      -------    ------      ---------
BALANCE DECEMBER 31, 1995 . . . . . . . .    $1,804    $18,196     $24,941   $ 1,832,706      $ 5,537    $3,224      $(702,204)
                                             ======    =======     =======   ===========      =======    ======      =========
</TABLE>

The information on pages 28 through 37 is an integral part of the financial
statements.





                                       27
<PAGE>   29
THE WASHINGTON POST COMPANY


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


(A)  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

The Washington Post Company (the company) operates principally in four areas of
the media business: newspaper publishing, television broadcasting, magazine
publishing, and cable television. Segment data is set forth in Note M.

FISCAL YEAR. The company reports on a 52-53 week fiscal year ending on the
Sunday nearest December 31. The fiscal years 1995, 1994, and 1993, which ended
December 31, 1995, January 1, 1995, and January 2, 1994, respectively, included
52 weeks. With the exception of the newspaper publishing operations,
subsidiaries of the company report on a calendar-year basis.

PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION. The accompanying financial statements include the
accounts of the company and its subsidiaries; significant intercompany
transactions have been eliminated. Certain prior year amounts have been
reclassified to conform with the current year presentation.

USE OF ESTIMATES. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements.
Actual results could differ from those estimates.

CASH EQUIVALENTS. Short-term investments with original maturities of 90 days or
less are considered cash equivalents. The carrying amount reported approximates
fair value.

INVESTMENTS IN MARKETABLE SECURITIES. Marketable securities held to maturity
consist of debt instruments that mature over 90 days from the purchase date and
are stated at cost plus accrued interest, which approximates fair value. Other
investments in marketable equity securities available for sale are classified
in "Deferred charges and other assets" in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Unrealized gains or losses (net of taxes) relating to such investments are
reported separately in the "Unrealized gain on available-for-sale securities
(net of taxes)" in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

INVENTORIES. Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market. Cost of
newsprint is determined by the first-in, first-out method, and cost of magazine
paper is determined by the specific-cost method.

INVESTMENTS IN AFFILIATES. The company uses the equity method of accounting for
its investments in and earnings or losses of affiliates.

PROPERTY, PLANT, AND EQUIPMENT. Property, plant, and equipment is recorded at
cost and includes interest capitalized in connection with major long-term
construction projects. Replacements and major improvements are capitalized;
maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as incurred.

Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated
useful lives of the property, plant, and equipment: 3 to 12 years for machinery
and equipment, 20 to 50 years for buildings, and 5 to 20 years for land
improvements. The costs of leasehold improvements are amortized over the lesser
of the useful lives or the terms of the respective leases.

GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLES. Goodwill and other intangibles represent the
unamortized excess of the cost of acquiring subsidiary companies over the fair
values of such companies' net tangible assets at the dates of acquisition.
Goodwill and other intangibles acquired prior to October 30, 1970, the
effective date of Accounting Principles Board (APB) Opinion No. 17, are not
being amortized because in the opinion of the company there has been no
diminution of the value of such assets. Goodwill and other intangibles acquired
subsequently are being amortized by use of the straight-line method over
various periods up to 40 years.

The company periodically evaluates the realizability of goodwill based upon
projected undiscounted cash flows and operating income for each subsidiary. The
company believes that no material impairment exists at December 31, 1995.

PROGRAM RIGHTS. The broadcast subsidiaries are parties to agreements that
entitle them to show syndicated and other programs on television. The cost of
such program rights is recognized as the gross amount of the related liability
when the programs are available for broadcasting. The cost is charged to
operations using accelerated and straight-line rates which appropriately match
the cost of programming with associated revenues. The unamortized cost of such
rights and the liability for future payments under these agreements are
included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

DEFERRED SUBSCRIPTION REVENUE AND MAGAZINE SUBSCRIPTION PROCUREMENT COSTS.
Deferred subscription revenue, which primarily represents amounts received from
customers in advance of magazine and newspaper deliveries, is included in
revenues over the subscription term.  Deferred subscription revenue to be
earned after one year is included in "Other liabilities" in the Consolidated
Balance Sheets.  Subscription procurement costs are charged to operations as
incurred.





                                       28
<PAGE>   30
THE WASHINGTON POST COMPANY


INCOME TAXES. The provision for income taxes is determined in accordance with
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109 (FAS 109), "Accounting for
Income Taxes," which requires the use of the asset and liability approach.
Under this approach, deferred taxes represent the expected future tax
consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts and tax
bases of assets and liabilities.

FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION. Gains and losses on foreign currency transactions
and the translation of the accounts of the company's foreign operations where
the U.S. dollar is the functional currency are recognized currently in the
Consolidated Statements of Income. Gains and losses on translation of the
accounts of the company's foreign operations where the local currency is the
functional currency and the company's equity investments in its foreign
affiliates are accumulated and reported separately in the "Cumulative foreign
currency translation adjustment" in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS OTHER THAN PENSIONS. The company provides certain
health care and life insurance benefits for retired employees. The expected
cost of providing these postretirement benefits is accrued over the years that
employees render services.

NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS. The company will adopt Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 123, "Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation," and
No. 121, "Accounting for Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived
Assets to Be Disposed Of," beginning with the company's first quarter of 1996.
The adoption of these standards will not have a material effect on the
company's financial position or results of operations.

(B)  INVESTMENTS IN MARKETABLE DEBT SECURITIES

The company's marketable debt securities at December 31, 1995, and January 1,
1995, include the following (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     1995                1994
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>                 <C>
U.S. Government and Government
  agency obligations  . . . . . . . . . . .       $   12,756          $    9,844
Commercial paper  . . . . . . . . . . . . .               --              14,726
                                                  ----------          ----------
                                                  $   12,756          $   24,570
                                                  ==========          ==========
</TABLE>


(C)  ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE AND ACCOUNTS PAYABLE AND ACCRUED LIABILITIES

Accounts receivable at December 31, 1995, and January 1, 1995, consist of the
following (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     1995                1994
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>                 <C>
Accounts receivable, less estimated
  returns, doubtful accounts
  and allowances of $41,964
  and $39,943 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       $  188,845          $  165,352
Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           11,853              10,089
                                                  ----------          ----------
                                                  $  200,698          $  175,441
                                                  ==========          ==========
</TABLE>

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities at December 31, 1995, and January 1,
1995, consist of the following (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     1995                1994
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>                 <C>
Accounts payable and accrued
  expenses  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       $   97,520          $  117,514
Accrued payroll and related benefits  . . .           40,781              40,143
Accrued interest expense  . . . . . . . . .            4,232               4,246
Deferred tuition revenue  . . . . . . . . .           15,862              14,752
Due to affiliates (newsprint) . . . . . . .           13,609               9,474
                                                  ----------          ----------
                                                  $  172,004          $  186,129
                                                  ==========          ==========
</TABLE>

(D)  INVESTMENTS IN AFFILIATES

The company's investments in affiliates at December 31, 1995, and January 1,
1995, include the following (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     1995                1994
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>                 <C>
Cowles Media Company  . . . . . . . . . . .       $   83,097          $   81,514
Newsprint mills . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           77,018              60,782
Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           28,938              28,458
                                                  ----------          ----------
                                                  $  189,053          $  170,754
                                                  ==========          ==========
</TABLE>

The company's investments in affiliates include a 28 percent interest in the
stock of Cowles Media Company, which owns and operates the Minneapolis Star
Tribune and several other smaller properties.

The company's interest in newsprint mills includes a 49 percent interest in the
common stock of Bowater Mersey Paper Company Limited, which owns and operates a
newsprint mill in Nova Scotia; 35 percent limited partnership interests in both
Bear Island Paper Company, which owns and operates a newsprint mill near
Richmond, Virginia; and Bear Island Timberlands Company, which owns timberland
and supplies Bear Island Paper Company with a major portion of its wood
requirements. In 1993 the company owned a one-third limited partnership
interest in both Bear Island Timberlands Company and Bear Island Paper Company.
Operating costs and expenses of the company include newsprint supplied by
Bowater, Inc. (parent to Bowater Mersey Paper Company) and Bear Island Paper
Company and used in operations, the cost of which was approximately $73,600,000
in 1995, $53,200,000 in 1994, and $52,500,000 in 1993.





                                       29
<PAGE>   31
THE WASHINGTON POST COMPANY


The company's other investments represent a 50 percent common stock interest in
the International Herald Tribune newspaper, published near Paris, France, and a
50 percent common stock interest in the Los Angeles Times-Washington Post News
Service, Inc.  

Summarized financial data for the affiliates' operations are as
follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                 1995                1994                1993
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                           <C>                 <C>                 <C>
FINANCIAL POSITION
Working capital . . . . .     $  (82,505)         $ (125,667)         $  (67,923)
Property, plant, and
  equipment . . . . . . .        415,874             407,235             422,606
Total assets  . . . . . .        791,748             749,165             732,940
Long-term debt  . . . . .        165,284             180,988             200,105
Net equity  . . . . . . .        265,918             213,484             172,332

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Operating revenues  . . .     $  904,482          $  766,232          $  610,617
Operating income  . . . .        120,843              46,741              43,569
Net income  . . . . . . .         69,070              29,235               7,218
</TABLE>

The following table summarizes the status and results of the company's
investments in affiliates (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     1995                1994
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>                 <C>
Beginning investment  . . . . . . . . . . .       $  170,754          $  155,251
Additional investment . . . . . . . . . . .               --               8,750
Equity in earnings  . . . . . . . . . . . .           24,512               7,325
Dividends and distributions
  received  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           (6,422)             (2,992)
Foreign currency translation  . . . . . . .              209               2,420
                                                  ----------          ----------
Ending investment . . . . . . . . . . . . .       $  189,053          $  170,754
                                                  ==========          ==========
</TABLE>

At January 1, 1995, the unamortized excess of the company's investments over
its equity in the underlying net assets of its affiliates at the dates of
acquisition was approximately $81,100,000. Amortization included in "Equity in
earnings (losses) of affiliates" in the Consolidated Statements of Income was
approximately $2,600,000 for the years ended December 31, 1995, January 1,
1995, and January 2, 1994.

(E)  INCOME TAXES

Income taxes are based on the provisions of FAS 109, which was adopted at the
beginning of 1993. The cumulative effect of adopting this standard was an
increase in 1993 net income of $11,600,000, and is shown as the "Cumulative
effect of change in method of accounting for income taxes" in the Consolidated
Statements of Income.

The provision for income taxes consists of the following (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   CURRENT             DEFERRED
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>                 <C>
1995
U.S. Federal  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       $   96,630          $    3,525
Foreign . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              608               1,215
State and local . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           18,654                 668
                                                  ----------          ----------
                                                  $  115,892          $    5,408
                                                  ==========          ==========
1994
U.S. Federal  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       $  103,182          $   (6,356)
Foreign . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              509                 323
State and local . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           20,441                (849)
                                                  ----------          ----------
                                                  $  124,132          $   (6,882)
                                                  ==========          ==========
1993
U.S. Federal  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       $   85,082          $     (535)
Foreign . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            6,913                (657)
State and local . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           19,324                (477)
                                                  ----------          ----------
                                                  $  111,319          $   (1,669)
                                                  ==========          ==========
</TABLE>

During 1993 the company sold its cable franchises in the United Kingdom. This
transaction increased 1993 foreign taxes by approximately $6,800,000.

The provision for income taxes exceeds the amount of income tax determined by
applying the U.S. Federal statutory rate of 35 percent to income before taxes
as a result of the following (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                 1995                1994                1993
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                           <C>                 <C>                 <C>
U.S. Federal statutory taxes  $  108,989          $  100,423          $   92,213
State and local taxes
  net of U.S. Federal
  income tax benefit  . .         12,559              12,735              12,251
Amortization of goodwill
  not deductible for
  income tax purposes . .          2,373               3,146               2,433
Other, net  . . . . . . .         (2,621)                946               2,753
                              ----------          ----------          ----------
Provision for income
  taxes . . . . . . . . .     $  121,300          $  117,250          $  109,650
                              ==========          ==========          ==========
</TABLE>





                                       30
<PAGE>   32
THE WASHINGTON POST COMPANY


Deferred income taxes at December 31, 1995, January 1, 1995, and January 2,
1994, consist of the following (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                 1995                1994                1993
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                          <C>                 <C>                 <C>
Accrued postretirement
  benefits  . . . . . . .     $   47,167          $   45,568          $   42,336
Other benefit
  obligations . . . . . .         20,963              22,903              17,760
Accounts receivable . . .          6,765               6,559               6,368
Other . . . . . . . . . .          9,134               7,664               3,855
                              ----------          ----------          ----------
Deferred tax asset  . . .         84,029              82,694              70,319
                              ----------          ----------          ----------

Property, plant, and
  equipment . . . . . . .         42,159              44,250              48,275
Prepaid pension cost  . .         55,574              48,732              39,769
Affiliate operations  . .         14,165              12,671              12,211
Investment tax credit . .          2,301               3,013               3,760
Other . . . . . . . . . .          4,473               3,132                  --
                              ----------          ----------          ----------
Deferred tax liability  .        118,672             111,798             104,015
                              ----------          ----------          ----------
Deferred income
  taxes . . . . . . . . .     $   34,643          $   29,104          $   33,696
                              ==========          ==========          ==========
</TABLE>

(F)  DEBT

Long-term debt of the company as of December 31, 1995, and January 1, 1995, is
summarized as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     1995                1994
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>                 <C>
10.1 percent unsecured European
  Currency Unit notes, $50,000,000
  face amount due in 1996 . . . . . . . . .       $   50,222          $   50,297
Less: Amount due within one year  . . . . .          (50,222)                 --
                                                  ----------          ----------
                                                  $       --          $   50,297
                                                  ==========          ==========
</TABLE>

(G) CAPITAL STOCK, STOCK OPTIONS AND STOCK AWARDS

CAPITAL STOCK. Each share of Class A common stock and Class B common stock
participates equally in dividends. The Class B stock has limited voting rights
and as a class has the right to elect 30 percent of the board of directors; the
Class A stock has unlimited voting rights including the right to elect a
majority of the Board of Directors.

During 1995, 1994, and 1993 the company purchased a total of 361,106, 366,500,
and 99,800 shares, respectively, of its Class B common stock at a cost of
approximately $89,584,000, $86,660,000, and $23,133,000.

STOCK OPTIONS. The Employee Stock Option Plan, which was adopted in 1971 and
amended in 1993, reserves 1,900,000 shares of the company's Class B common
stock for options to be granted under the plan. The purchase price of the
shares covered by an option cannot be less than the fair value on the granting
date. At December 31, 1995, there were 659,475 shares reserved for issuance
under the Stock Option Plan, of which 168,525 shares were subject to options
outstanding and 490,950 shares were available for future grants.

Changes in options outstanding for the years ended December 31, 1995, and
January 1, 1995, were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                     1995                           1994
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                             NUMBER       AVERAGE           NUMBER       AVERAGE
                               OF          OPTION             OF          OPTION
                             SHARES        PRICE            SHARES        PRICE
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                         <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
Beginning of
  year  . . . . . . . .     164,500        $255.35        155,000        $255.95
  Granted . . . . . . .       9,000         298.75         12,000         242.00
  Exercised . . . . . .      (3,475)        204.81             --             --
  Canceled  . . . . . .      (1,500)        268.50         (2,500)        231.70
                            -------                       -------               
End of year . . . . . .     168,525        $258.59        164,500        $255.35
                            =======                       =======               
</TABLE>

Of the shares covered by options outstanding at the end of 1995, 90,400 are now
exercisable, 12,500 will become exercisable in 1996, 8,125 will become
exercisable in 1997, 5,250 will become exercisable in 1998, and 52,250 will
become exercisable in 1999.

STOCK AWARDS. In 1982 the company adopted a Long-Term Incentive Compensation
Plan that, among other provisions, authorizes the awarding of stock to key
employees. Stock awards made under the Incentive Compensation Plan are subject
to the general restriction that stock awarded to a participant will be
forfeited and revert to company ownership if the participant's employment
terminates before the end of a specified period of service to the company. At
December 31, 1995, there were 125,362 shares reserved for issuance under the
Incentive Compensation Plan. Of this number, 31,378 shares were subject to
awards outstanding, and 93,984 shares were available for future awards.
Activity related to stock awards for the years ended December 31, 1995, and
January 1, 1995, was as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                     1995                           1994
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                             NUMBER       AVERAGE           NUMBER       AVERAGE
                               OF          AWARD              OF          AWARD
                             SHARES        PRICE            SHARES        PRICE
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                         <C>            <C>             <C>           <C>
AWARDS OUTSTANDING
Beginning
  of year . . . . . . .      26,860        $214.79         27,955        $214.61
  Awarded . . . . . . .      17,753         244.90            472         237.84
  Vested  . . . . . . .     (12,472)        198.50           (284)        201.79
  Forfeited . . . . . .        (763)        233.23         (1,283)        222.05
                            -------                        ------               
  End of year . . . . .      31,378        $237.85         26,860        $214.79
                            =======                        ======               
</TABLE>





                                       31
<PAGE>   33
THE WASHINGTON POST COMPANY


For the share awards outstanding at December 31, 1995, the aforementioned
restriction will lapse in January 1997 for 13,917 shares and in January 1999
for 17,461 shares.

AVERAGE NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDING. Earnings per share are based on the
weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during each year,
adjusted for the dilutive effect of shares issuable under outstanding stock
options, and awards made under the Incentive Compensation Plan. The average
number of shares outstanding was 11,086,000 for 1995, 11,582,000 for 1994, and
11,750,000 for 1993.

(H)  RETIREMENT PLANS

The company and its subsidiaries have various funded and unfunded pension and
incentive savings plans and in addition contribute to several multi-employer
plans on behalf of certain union-represented employee groups. Substantially all
of the company's employees, including some located in foreign countries, are
covered by these plans. Pension benefit for all retirement plans combined was
$600,000 in 1995, $1,600,000 in 1994, and $2,300,000 in 1993.

The costs for the company's defined benefit pension plans are actuarially
determined and include amortization of prior service costs over various
periods, generally not exceeding 20 years. The company's policy is to fund the
costs accrued for its defined benefit plans.

The following table sets forth the funded status of the defined benefit plans
and amounts recognized in "Deferred charges and other assets" in the
Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 1995, and January 1, 1995 (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     1995                1994
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>                 <C>
Actuarial present value of
  accumulated plan benefits,
  including vested benefits of
  $179,123 and $162,068 . . . . . . . . . .       $  183,573          $  167,341
                                                  ==========          ==========
Plan assets at fair value, primarily
  listed securities . . . . . . . . . . . .       $  610,560          $  455,456
Projected benefit obligation for
  service rendered to date  . . . . . . . .         (227,793)           (206,870)
                                                  ----------          ----------
Plan assets in excess of projected
  benefit obligation  . . . . . . . . . . .          382,767             248,586
Prior service cost not yet recognized
  in periodic pension cost  . . . . . . . .           12,185              13,317
Less unrecognized net gain from
  past experience different from
  that assumed  . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         (201,024)            (79,795)
Less unrecognized net asset
  (transition amount) being
  recognized over approximately
  17 years  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          (53,602)            (61,268)
                                                  ----------          ----------
Prepaid pension cost  . . . . . . . . . . .       $  140,326          $  120,840
                                                  ==========          ==========
</TABLE>


The net pension credit for the years ended December 31, 1995, January 1, 1995,
and January 2, 1994, includes the following components (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                 1995                1994                1993
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                           <C>                 <C>                 <C>
Service cost for benefits
  earned during the
  period  . . . . . . . .     $   10,623          $    9,117          $    8,805
Interest cost on projected
  benefit obligation  . .         15,430              14,022              12,683
Actual return on plan
  assets  . . . . . . . .       (162,253)             (7,211)            (35,086)
Net amortization and
  deferral  . . . . . . .        116,812             (36,751)             (5,839)
                              ----------          ----------          ----------
Net pension credit  . . .     $  (19,388)         $  (20,823)         $  (19,437)
                              ==========          ==========          ==========
</TABLE>

The weighted average discount rate and rate of increase in future compensation
levels used for 1995, 1994, and 1993 in determining the actuarial present value
of the projected benefit obligation were 7.5 percent and 4 percent,
respectively. The expected long-term rate of return on assets was 9 percent in
1995, 1994, and 1993.

Contributions to multi-employer pension plans, which are generally based on
hours worked, amounted to $1,800,000 in 1995, $1,700,000 in 1994, and
$1,900,000 in 1993.

The costs of unfunded retirement plans are charged to expense when accrued. The
company's liability for such plans, which is included in "Other liabilities" in
the Consolidated Balance Sheets, was $50,700,000 at December 31, 1995, and
$48,700,000 at January 1, 1995.

(I)  POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS OTHER THAN PENSIONS

The company and its subsidiaries provide health care and life insurance
benefits to certain retired employees. These employees become eligible for
benefits after meeting minimum age and service requirements.

The following table sets forth the amounts included in "Other liabilities" in
the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 1995, and January 1, 1995 (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     1995                1994
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>                 <C>
Accumulated postretirement benefit
  obligation:
  Retirees  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       $   48,178          $   50,737
  Fully eligible active plan
    participants  . . . . . . . . . . . . .            7,356               6,936
  Other active plan participants  . . . . .           33,538              44,194
                                                  ----------          ----------
                                                      89,072             101,867
Unrecognized prior service costs
  arising from plan amendments  . . . . . .            3,017               2,143
Unrecognized net gain from past
  experience different from that
  assumed.  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           17,268                 739
                                                  ----------          ----------
Accrued postretirement benefit cost . . . .       $  109,357          $  104,749
                                                  ==========          ==========
</TABLE>





                                       32
<PAGE>   34
THE WASHINGTON POST COMPANY


Net periodic postretirement benefit cost for the years ended December 31, 1995,
January 1, 1995, and January 2, 1994, includes the following components (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                 1995                1994                1993
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                              <C>                 <C>               <C>
Service cost for benefits
  earned during the
  period  . . . . . . . .        $ 2,719             $ 3,373           $2,894
Interest cost on accumulated
  post-retirement benefit
  obligation  . . . . . .          6,515               7,419            6,880
Amortization of prior service
  costs . . . . . . . . .           (290)               (214)            (214)
Amortization of gains . .         (1,296)                 --               --
                                 -------             -------           ------   
Net periodic postretirement
  benefit cost  . . . . .        $ 7,648             $10,578           $9,560
                                 =======             =======           ======   
</TABLE>

For 1995 the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation was determined using
a discount rate of 7.5 percent and a health care cost trend rate of 12% for
pre-age-65 benefits, decreasing to 5.5 percent in the year 2015 and thereafter;
and a rate of 11.4 percent for post-age-65 benefits, decreasing to 5.5 percent
in the year 2015 and thereafter. For 1994 and 1993 the accumulated
postretirement benefit obligation was determined using a discount rate of 8
percent and a health care cost trend rate of approximately 14 percent for
pre-age-65 benefits, decreasing to 6.5 percent in the year 2022 and thereafter;
and rates of approximately 11 to 14 percent for post-age-65 benefits,
decreasing to 6.5 percent in the year 2022 and thereafter.

The effect on the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation at December 31,
1995, of a 1 percent increase each year in the health care cost trend rate used
would result in increases of approximately $11,300,000 in the obligation and
$1,200,000 in the aggregate service and interest components of the 1995
expense.

The company's policy is to fund the above-mentioned benefits as claims and
premiums are paid. The cash expenditures for postretirement benefits were
$2,980,000 in 1995, $3,262,000 in 1994, and $2,830,000 in 1993.

(J)  LEASE AND OTHER COMMITMENTS

The company leases primarily real property under operating agreements. Many of
the leases contain renewal options and escalation clauses that require payments
of additional rent to the extent of increases in the related operating costs.

At December 31, 1995, future minimum rental payments under noncancelable
operating leases are as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                     <C>
1996  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       $ 18,133
1997  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         15,685
1998  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         12,759
1999  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         10,627
2000  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         12,816
Thereafter  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         32,772
                                                                        --------
                                                                        $102,792
                                                                        ========
</TABLE>

Minimum payments have not been reduced by minimum sublease rentals of
$3,700,000 due in the future under noncancelable subleases.

Rent expense under operating leases included in operating costs and expenses
was approximately $22,900,000 in 1995, $22,600,000 in 1994, and $22,200,000 in
1993. Sublease income was approximately $1,600,000 in 1995, $1,500,000 in 1994,
and 1,300,000 in 1993.

The company's broadcast subsidiaries are parties to certain agreements which
commit them to purchase programming to be produced in future years. At December
31, 1995, such commitments amounted to approximately $71,800,000. If such
programs are not produced, the company's commitment will expire without
obligation.

(K)  ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSITIONS

In April 1994 the company acquired substantially all of the assets comprising
the businesses of television stations KPRC-TV, the NBC affiliate in Houston,
Texas, and KSAT-TV, the ABC affiliate in San Antonio, Texas, for approximately
$253,000,000 in cash, including related expenses. The transaction was accounted
for as a purchase and the results of operations of the television stations were
included with those of the company for the period subsequent to the date of
acquisition.

The following statements present the company's unaudited pro forma condensed
consolidated income statements for the years ended January 1, 1995, and January
2, 1994, as if the acquisition of the television stations had occurred at the
beginning of each year.  Amounts reflect an allocation of the purchase price to
the acquired net tangible assets, with the excess being amortized over a period
of 20 years. The revenues and results of operations presented in the pro forma
income statements do not necessarily reflect the results of operations that
would actually have been obtained if the acquisition had occurred at the
beginning of each year.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                    PRO FORMA INCOME STATEMENTS
                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED    
(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT                           -----------------------------------                               
PER SHARE AMOUNTS)                              JANUARY 1, 1995     JANUARY 2, 1994
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>                 <C>
Operating revenues  . . . . . . . . . . . .       $1,633,345          $1,563,052
Net income  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       $  169,865          $  168,614
Earnings per share  . . . . . . . . . . . .       $    14.67          $    14.35
</TABLE>

In January 1995 the company sold substantially all of its 70 percent limited
partnership interest in American Personal Communications (APC) to its partner,
APC, Inc., and others, for approximately $33,000,000. The proceeds approximate
the amounts the company had cumulatively invested in the partnership since it
was formed in August 1990. The resulting gain, which is included in "Other
income (expense), net" in the Consolidated Statements of Income, increased net
income by $8.4 million and earnings per share by $0.75.





                                       33
<PAGE>   35
THE WASHINGTON POST COMPANY


In September 1995 the company wrote-off its remaining investment in Mammoth
Micro Productions, a producer and publisher of multimedia CD-ROM titles,
originally acquired in 1994 for approximately $23,000,000. The loss resulting
from the write-off, which is included in "Operating costs and expenses" in the
Consolidated Statements of Income, decreased net income by $5.6 million and
earnings per share by $0.51.

In September 1993 the company sold its cable franchises in the United Kingdom.
The resulting gain, which is included in "Other income (expense), net" in the
Consolidated Statements of Income, increased net income by $13,000,000 and
earnings per share by $1.14 in 1993.

In early 1996 the company purchased two businesses for approximately
$60,000,000, a cable system in Texarkana serving about 24,000 subscribers, and
a commercial printing operation in the Maryland suburbs of Washington, D.C.

(L)  CONTINGENCIES

The company and its subsidiaries are parties to various civil lawsuits that
have arisen in the ordinary course of their businesses, including actions for
libel and invasion of privacy. Management does not believe that any litigation
pending against the company will have a material adverse effect on its business
or financial condition.

(M)  BUSINESS SEGMENTS

The company operates principally in four areas of the media business: newspaper
publishing, television broadcasting, magazine publishing, and cable television.

Newspaper operations involve the publication of newspapers in the Washington,
D.C., area and Everett, Washington, and newsprint warehousing and recycling
facilities.

Broadcast operations are conducted primarily through six VHF television
stations. All stations are network-affiliated, with revenues derived primarily
from sales of advertising time.

Magazine operations consist of the publication of a weekly news magazine,
Newsweek, which has one domestic and three international editions. Revenues
from both newspaper and magazine publishing operations are derived from
advertising and, to a lesser extent, from circulation.

Cable television operations consist of over 50 cable systems offering basic
cable and pay television services to more than 518,000 subscribers in 15
midwestern, western, and southern states. Prior to September 1993, cable
television operations also included services provided in the United Kingdom.
The principal source of revenues is monthly subscription fees charged for
services.

Other Businesses include the operations of educational centers engaged in
preparing students for admissions tests and licensing examinations (including
preparation and publishing of training materials), an engineering firm which
provides services to the telecommunications industry, and a regional sports
cable system. The results of APC and Mammoth Micro Productions are included in
other businesses prior to their disposition in January 1995 and September 1995,
respectively.

Income from operations is the excess of operating revenues over operating
expenses including corporate expenses, which are allocated based on relative
operating revenues to operations of the segments. In computing income from
operations by segment, the effects of equity in earnings of affiliates,
interest income, interest expense, other income and expense items, and income
taxes are not included.

Identifiable assets by segment are those assets used in the company's
operations in each business segment. Investments in affiliates are discussed in
Note D. Corporate assets are principally cash and cash equivalents and
investments in marketable debt securities.





                                       34
<PAGE>   36
THE WASHINGTON POST COMPANY


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   NEWSPAPER                 MAGAZINE       CABLE       OTHER
(IN THOUSANDS)                                     PUBLISHING  BROADCASTING PUBLISHING   TELEVISION  BUSINESSES   CONSOLIDATED
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                  <C>         <C>          <C>          <C>         <C>          <C>
1995
  Operating revenues  . . . . . . . . . . . .        $729,172     $306,108    $352,619     $194,142     $137,408     $1,719,449
                                                                                                                     ==========
  Income (loss) from operations . . . . . . .        $109,737     $132,351    $ 15,008     $ 41,019     $(27,097)    $  271,018
  Equity in earnings of affiliates  . . . . .                                                                            24,512
  Interest expense  . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                                            (5,600)
  Other income, net . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                                            21,466
                                                                                                                     ----------
  Income before income taxes  . . . . . . . .                                                                        $  311,396
                                                                                                                     ==========
  Identifiable assets . . . . . . . . . . . .        $399,090     $387,462    $204,947     $322,443     $ 73,055     $1,386,997
  Investments in affiliates . . . . . . . . .                                                                            91,242
  Corporate assets  . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                                           254,654
                                                                                                                     ----------
      Total assets  . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                                        $1,732,893
                                                                                                                     ==========

  Depreciation and amortization of property,
    plant, and equipment  . . . . . . . . . .        $ 18,248     $  9,958    $  4,633     $ 28,819     $  4,192     $   65,850
  Amortization of goodwill and
    other intangibles . . . . . . . . . . . .        $    800     $ 11,253                 $ 12,150     $  7,226     $   31,429
  Capital expenditures  . . . . . . . . . . .        $ 61,879     $  9,265    $  4,145     $ 40,050     $  6,358     $  121,697

1994
  Operating revenues  . . . . . . . . . . . .        $717,280     $260,252    $337,602     $182,140     $116,704     $1,613,978
                                                                                                                     ==========
  Income (loss) from operations . . . . . . .        $134,415     $107,656    $ 14,159     $ 41,464     $(22,819)    $  274,875
  Equity in earnings of affiliates  . . . . .                                                                             7,325
  Interest expense  . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                                            (5,590)
  Other income, net . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                                            10,312
                                                                                                                     ----------
  Income before income taxes  . . . . . . . .                                                                        $  286,922
                                                                                                                     ==========
  Identifiable assets . . . . . . . . . . . .        $349,194     $425,789    $187,052     $326,645     $100,028     $1,388,708
  Investments in affiliates . . . . . . . . .                                                                           170,754
  Corporate assets  . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                                           137,406
                                                                                                                     ----------
      Total assets  . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                                        $1,696,868
                                                                                                                     ==========

  Depreciation and amortization of property,
    plant, and equipment  . . . . . . . . . .        $ 18,086     $  8,123    $  5,075     $ 26,912     $  3,754     $   61,950
  Amortization of goodwill and
    other intangibles . . . . . . . . . . . .        $    800     $  7,725                 $ 12,149     $  4,719     $   25,393
  Capital expenditures  . . . . . . . . . . .        $ 20,681     $  8,881    $ 23,028     $ 18,860     $  3,192     $   74,642

1993
  Operating revenues  . . . . . . . . . . . .        $692,287     $177,415    $332,506     $185,721     $110,262     $1,498,191
                                                                                                                     ==========
  Income (loss) from operations . . . . . . .        $123,151     $ 65,306    $ 18,011     $ 41,618     $ (9,106)    $  238,980
  Equity in losses of affiliates  . . . . . .                                                                            (1,994)
  Interest expense  . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                                            (4,983)
  Other income, net . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                                            31,464
                                                                                                                     ----------
  Income before income taxes  . . . . . . . .                                                                        $  263,467
                                                                                                                     ==========
  Identifiable assets . . . . . . . . . . . .        $329,799     $144,622    $152,462     $416,589     $ 71,059     $1,114,531
  Investments in affiliates . . . . . . . . .                                                                           155,251
  Corporate assets  . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                                           352,722
                                                                                                                     ----------
      Total assets  . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                                        $1,622,504
                                                                                                                     ==========
  Depreciation and amortization of property,
    plant, and equipment  . . . . . . . . . .        $ 16,768     $  5,276    $  6,266     $ 28,052     $  3,181     $   59,543
  Amortization of goodwill and
    other intangibles . . . . . . . . . . . .        $    800     $    670                 $ 12,247     $  2,499     $   16,216
  Capital expenditures  . . . . . . . . . . .        $ 24,422     $  6,599    $  4,472     $ 38,802     $  4,844     $   79,139
</TABLE>





                                       35
<PAGE>   37
THE WASHINGTON POST COMPANY


(N)  SUMMARY OF QUARTERLY OPERATING RESULTS (UNAUDITED)

Quarterly results of operations for the years ended December 31, 1995, and
January 1, 1995, are as follows (in thousands, except per share amounts):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      FIRST       SECOND       THIRD       FOURTH
                                                     QUARTER     QUARTER      QUARTER      QUARTER
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                  <C>         <C>          <C>          <C>
1995
Operating revenues
  Advertising . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       $252,210     $284,954    $250,011     $307,445
  Circulation and subscriber  . . . . . . . .        108,466      114,079     113,355      117,430
  Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         40,875       37,961      54,553       38,111
                                                    --------     --------    --------     --------
                                                     401,551      436,994     417,919      462,986
                                                    --------     --------    --------     --------
Operating costs and expenses
  Operating . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        221,158      226,879     240,912      259,140
  Selling, general, and administrative  . . .         98,013      106,053      96,606      102,391
  Depreciation and amortization of
    property, plant, and equipment  . . . . .         16,374       16,370      16,379       16,728
  Amortization of goodwill and
    other intangibles . . . . . . . . . . . .          7,673        8,956       8,315        6,485
                                                    --------     --------    --------     --------
                                                     343,218      358,258     362,212      384,744
                                                    --------     --------    --------     --------
Income from operations  . . . . . . . . . . .         58,333       78,736      55,707       78,242
Other income (expense)
  Equity in earnings of affiliates  . . . . .            772        8,858       6,268        8,614
  Interest income . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          2,334        2,032       1,860        1,748
  Interest expense  . . . . . . . . . . . . .         (1,431)      (1,368)     (1,388)      (1,413)
  Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         14,395         (869)        716         (751)
                                                    --------     --------    --------     --------
Income before income taxes  . . . . . . . . .         74,403       87,389      63,163       86,440
Provision for income taxes  . . . . . . . . .         30,505       35,875      21,370       33,550
                                                    --------     --------    --------     --------

Net income  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       $ 43,898     $ 51,514    $ 41,793      $52,890
                                                    ========     ========    ========     ========
Earnings per share  . . . . . . . . . . . . .       $   3.91     $   4.65    $   3.79      $  4.80
                                                    ========     ========    ========     ========
Average number of shares outstanding  . . . .         11,220       11,084      11,019       11,020
</TABLE>





                                       36
<PAGE>   38
THE WASHINGTON POST COMPANY


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      FIRST       SECOND       THIRD       FOURTH
                                                     QUARTER     QUARTER      QUARTER      QUARTER
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                  <C>         <C>          <C>          <C>
1994
Operating revenues
  Advertising . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       $212,195     $261,682    $245,042     $307,752
  Circulation and subscriber  . . . . . . . .        109,165      110,098     107,522      111,715
  Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         37,094       33,033      47,262       31,417
                                                    --------     --------    --------     --------
                                                     358,454      404,813     399,826      450,884
                                                    --------     --------    --------     --------
Operating costs and expenses
  Operating . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        199,553      216,229     215,295      230,386
  Selling, general, and administrative  . . .         88,957       97,160      95,045      109,134
  Depreciation and amortization of
    property, plant, and equipment  . . . . .         14,710       15,360      15,663       16,217
  Amortization of goodwill and
    other intangibles . . . . . . . . . . . .          4,031        6,502       7,570        7,290
                                                    --------     --------    --------     --------
                                                     307,251      335,251     333,573      363,027
                                                    --------     --------    --------     --------

Income from operations  . . . . . . . . . . .         51,203       69,562      66,253       87,857
Other income (expense)
  Equity in (losses) earnings of affiliates .         (5,385)       2,211      11,091         (592)
  Interest income . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          3,565        2,030       1,427        2,174
  Interest expense  . . . . . . . . . . . . .         (1,435)      (1,413)     (1,332)      (1,410)
  Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          2,604            2         508       (1,998)
                                                    --------     --------    --------     --------
Income before income taxes  . . . . . . . . .         50,552       72,392      77,947       86,031
Provision for income taxes  . . . . . . . . .         21,740       31,135      30,495       33,880
                                                    --------     --------    --------     --------
Net income  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       $ 28,812     $ 41,257    $ 47,452     $ 52,151
                                                    ========     ========    ========     ========
Earnings per share  . . . . . . . . . . . . .       $   2.46     $   3.54    $   4.13     $   4.56
                                                    ========     ========    ========     ========
Average number of shares outstanding  . . . .         11,720       11,667      11,492       11,447
</TABLE>


The sum of the four quarters may not necessarily be equal to the annual amounts
reported in the Consolidated Statements of Income due to rounding.





                                       37

<PAGE>   39



                                                                     SCHEDULE II


                          THE WASHINGTON POST COMPANY
                 SCHEDULE II-VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                             
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       COLUMN A                                     COLUMN B    COLUMN C     COLUMN D     COLUMN E 
                                                                                                                   
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                               ADDITIONS -                         
                                                                   BALANCE AT  CHARGED TO                BALANCE AT
                                                                   BEGINNING    COSTS AND                  END OF  
                      DESCRIPTION                                  OF PERIOD    EXPENSES    DEDUCTIONS     PERIOD  
                                                                                                                   
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 <S>                                                              <C>          <C>          <C>         <C>        
 Year Ended January 2, 1994                                                                                        
     Allowance for doubtful accounts and returns                  $28,295,000  $47,558,000  $45,005,000 $30,848,000
     Allowance for advertising rate adjustments and discounts       7,005,000    9,073,000    8,324,000   7,754,000
                                                                  -----------  -----------  ----------- -----------
                                                                  $35,300,000  $56,631,000  $53,329,000 $38,602,000
                                                                  ===========  ===========  =========== ===========
                                                                                                                   
 Year Ended January 1, 1995                                                                                        
     Allowance for doubtful accounts and returns                  $30,848,000  $51,383,000  $48,795,000 $33,436,000
     Allowance for advertising rate adjustments and discounts       7,754,000    6,600,000    7,847,000   6,507,000
                                                                  -----------  -----------  ----------- -----------
                                                                  $38,602,000  $57,983,000  $56,642,000 $39,943,000
                                                                  ===========  ===========  =========== ===========
                                                                                                                   
 Year Ended December 31, 1995                                                                                      
     Allowance for doubtful accounts and returns                  $33,436,000  $49,980,000  $47,341,000 $36,075,000
     Allowance for advertising rate adjustments and discounts       6,507,000    7,253,000    7,871,000   5,889,000
                                                                  -----------  -----------  ----------- -----------
                                                                  $39,943,000  $57,233,000  $55,212,000 $41,964,000
                                                                  ===========  ===========  =========== ===========
</TABLE>






                                       38

                                                                       
                                                               
<PAGE>   40
THE WASHINGTON POST COMPANY


MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL
CONDITION

THIS ANALYSIS SHOULD BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS AND THE NOTES THERETO.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - 1995 COMPARED
TO 1994

Net income in 1995 was $190.1 million, an increase of 12 percent over net
income of $169.7 million in 1994. Earnings per share rose 17 percent to $17.15,
from $14.65 in 1994. The company's 1995 net income includes $8.4 million ($0.75
per share) from the sale of the company's investment in American PCS, L.P.
(APC), as well as an after-tax charge of $5.6 million ($0.51 per share)
relating to the write-off of the company's interest in Mammoth Micro
Productions. Earnings in 1994 included an after-tax gain of $8.1 million ($0.70
per share) from the sale of land at one of the company's newsprint affiliates.
Excluding these items, net income and earnings per share increased 16 percent
and 21 percent, respectively, in 1995.

Revenues for 1995 totaled $1.719 billion, an increase of 7 percent from $1.614
billion in 1994. Advertising revenues increased 7 percent in 1995, and
circulation and subscriber revenues increased 3 percent. Other revenues
increased 15 percent. Advertising revenues in the broadcast division, which
included two additional television stations in Houston and San Antonio acquired
in April of 1994, rose 18 percent in 1995. Newsweek also contributed to the
improvement in advertising revenues with a 7 percent increase over 1994. The
increase in circulation and subscriber revenues was principally due to growth
at the cable division. Other revenue rose in 1995 due to growth in fees for
engineering services at MLJ (Moffet, Larson & Johnson, Inc.) and higher tuition
revenue at Kaplan Educational Centers (Kaplan).

Costs and expenses for the year increased 8 percent to $1.448 billion, from
$1.339 billion in 1994. Approximately one-third of the increase is attributable
to the higher cost of newsprint and magazine paper, while the remainder of the
increase reflects normal increases in the costs of operations as well as the
write-off of Mammoth Micro Productions mentioned previously.

Operating income declined 1 percent to $271.0 million, from $274.9 million in
1994.

NEWSPAPER DIVISION. Newspaper division revenues increased 2 percent to $729.2
million, from $717.3 million. Advertising revenue at the newspaper division
rose 1 percent over last year. At The Washington Post, advertising rev-enues
increased 1 percent as higher rates offset a decline in volume. Retail revenues
at The Washington Post declined 5 percent as a result of a 10 percent decline
in inches. Classified revenues rose 7 percent, primarily as a result of
improved recruitment related volume in the year. Other advertising revenues
were flat; general advertising inches declined 3 percent and preprint volume at
The Post increased 7 percent versus 1994. Circulation revenues for the
newspaper division rose 2 percent in 1995 due to a home delivery price
increase. For the 12-month period ended September 30, 1995, daily and Sunday
circulation at The Washington Post declined 2 and 1 percent, respectively. The
Washington Post's share of the market declined slightly with 49.5 percent
penetration in its daily editions and 65.1 percent penetration in its Sunday
editions.

Newspaper division operating margin in 1995 was 15 percent, down from 19
percent in the prior year. The previously mentioned increases in advertising
and circulation revenues were offset by higher newsprint expense, which
increased 29 percent. Newsprint prices have been increasing steadily since
mid-1994 and may rise in 1996. These increases will continue to have a
significant impact on the operating results at the newspaper division in 1996.

BROADCAST DIVISION. Revenues at the broadcast division increased 18 percent
over last year. National and local advertising revenues increased 5 percent and
18 percent, respectively. Increased revenues for 1995 in a broad range of
categories, including auto and truck advertising, more than offset a $12
million decline in political advertising versus 1994.

Approximately two-fifths of these increases were attributable to the inclusion
of a full twelve months of revenue for KSAT and KPRC in 1995 versus only eight
and one-half months' revenue in 1994. Network revenues rose 88 percent in 1995
as a result of the renegotiation of network affiliation contracts in 1995 and
the second half of 1994.

Viewership remained strong for the original four television stations. Three
stations were ranked number one in the latest ratings period, sign-on to
sign-off, in their markets; one station was ranked number two. With respect to
the stations acquired in 1994, San Antonio was ranked number two, sign-on to
sign-off, while Houston was ranked number three.

Operating margin at the broadcast division increased to 43 percent, from 41
percent in 1994. Excluding amortization of goodwill and intangibles, operating
margins for 1995 and 1994 were 47 percent and 44 percent, respectively.
Increases in advertising and network compensation accounted for most of the
improvement in margins as expenses remained stable.





                                       39
<PAGE>   41
THE WASHINGTON POST COMPANY


MAGAZINE DIVISION. Newsweek revenues in 1995 increased 4 percent due primarily
to increased advertising revenues at both the domestic and international
editions. Advertising revenues rose 7 percent overall, 6 percent at the
domestic edition, and 11 percent at the international editions. These
improvements were due to better page volume at slightly higher rates.
Circulation revenues for 1995 were essentially even with the prior year. In
1995 the domestic and international editions published 51 weekly issues versus
52 issues in 1994.

At Newsweek the operating margin remained at 4 percent. The higher costs of
magazine paper, distribution, and subscription acquisition offset much of the
revenue increase.

CABLE DIVISION. Revenues at the cable division increased 7 percent in 1995 over
the prior year. The number of basic subscribers increased 4 percent to 518,000,
all of which were from internal growth. All revenue categories - basic, tier,
pay, pay-per-view, advertising, and other - showed improvement from 1994.

Operating margin at the cable division was 21 percent, compared to 23 percent
in 1994. However, cable cash flow increased 2 percent to $85.2 million, from
$83.6 million in 1994. Programming costs continued to increase due to the
increased number of subscribers and license fee increases by programming
suppliers.

OTHER BUSINESSES. In 1995 revenues from other businesses, including Kaplan,
MLJ, PASS Sports, LEGI-SLATE, and Digital Ink, increased 18 percent to $137.4
million, from $116.7 million in 1994. Half of the increase relates to MLJ,
where fees for engineering services almost tripled in 1995. Most of the
remainder is due to Kaplan, which experienced an 11 percent increase in
revenues, mostly post-graduate school courses and new products.

Other businesses recorded an operating loss in 1995 of $27.1 million, compared
with a loss of $22.8 million in 1994. The 1995 results include the write-off of
Mammoth Micro Productions as previously mentioned. The 1994 results include
operating expenses of APC, which was disposed of in January 1995. If all costs
associated with these units are excluded from both years, other businesses
operating losses amounted to $4.8 and $7.3 million in 1995 and 1994,
respectively.

EQUITY IN EARNINGS AND LOSSES OF AFFILIATES. The company's equity in earnings
of affiliates for 1995 was $24.5 million, compared with $7.3 million in 1994.
The improved results are derived from the company's newsprint mills, which are
benefiting from higher newsprint prices. The 1994 results included an $8.1
million after-tax gain from the sale of land at one of the company's newsprint
affiliates.

NON-OPERATING ITEMS. Interest income, net of interest expense, was $2.4
million, compared with $3.6 million in 1994. The decrease was a result of lower
average invested cash balances. Other income in 1995 was $13.5 million,
compared with income of $1.1 million in 1994. The gain from the sale of the
company's investment in APC is included in the 1995 amount.

INCOME TAXES The effective tax rate in 1995 decreased to 39.0 percent, from
40.9 percent in 1994.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - 1994 COMPARED
TO 1993

Net income in 1994 was $169.7 million, an increase of 3 percent over net income
of $165.4 million in 1993. Earnings per share rose 4 percent to $14.65, from
$14.08 in 1993. Earnings in 1994 included an after-tax gain of $8.1 million
($0.70 per share) from the sale of a large tract of land at the company's
Canadian newsprint affiliate. The company's 1993 earnings included a one-time
credit of $11.6 million ($0.98 per share) related to a change in accounting for
income taxes and an after-tax gain of $13.4 million ($1.14 per share) from the
sale of the company's cable franchises in the United Kingdom. Excluding these
items net income and earnings per share increased 15 percent and 17 percent,
respectively, in 1994.

Revenues for 1994 totaled $1.614 billion, an increase of 8 percent from $1.498
billion in 1993. Advertising revenues increased 12 percent in 1994, while
circulation and subscriber revenues decreased 1 percent. Other revenues
increased 6 percent. Advertising revenues in the broadcast division, which
included two additional television stations in Houston and San Antonio acquired
in April of 1994, rose 47 percent in 1994. The Washington Post newspaper also
contributed to the improvement in advertising revenues with a 4.5 percent
increase over 1993. Circulation and subscriber revenues decreased, principally
due to rate reregulation affecting the cable division in late-1993 and again in
mid-1994.

Operating costs and expenses for the year increased 6 percent to $1.339
billion, from $1.259 billion in 1993. Approximately two-thirds of the increase
is attributable to new businesses, while the remainder of the increase reflects
normal increases in the costs of operations as well as continued investment in
personal communications services during the year.

Operating income rose 15 percent to $274.9 million, from $239.0 million in
1993.





                                       40
<PAGE>   42
THE WASHINGTON POST COMPANY


NEWSPAPER DIVISION. Newspaper division revenues increased 4 percent to $717.3
million, from $692.3 million. Advertising revenue at the newspaper division
rose 5 percent over 1993. Most of the improvement was at The Washington Post,
where advertising revenues increased 4.5 percent. Retail revenues at The
Washington Post declined 2 percent as a result of a 6 percent decline in
inches.  Classified revenues rose 9 percent, primarily as a result of improved
recruitment-related volume during the year. Other advertising revenues
increased 8 percent; general advertising inches and preprint volume at The
Washington Post increased 8 percent and 16 percent, respectively, over 1993.
Circulation revenues for the newspaper division remained at 1993 levels. For
the 12-month period ended September 30, 1994, daily and Sunday circulation at
The Washington Post were essentially unchanged. The Washington Post maintained
its share of the market with just over 50 percent household penetration by its
daily editions and 66 percent household penetration by its Sunday editions.

Newspaper division operating margin in 1994 was 19 percent, up from 18 percent
in the prior year. The previously mentioned increases in advertising revenues
were offset partially by normal increases in payroll and fringe benefits and
higher distribution costs.  Average newsprint prices and total newsprint
expense remained unchanged from last year.

BROADCAST DIVISION. Revenues at the broadcast division increased 47 percent
over 1993. National and local advertising revenues, which included
approximately $13 million in political advertising and significantly improved
auto and truck advertising, increased 45 percent and 46 percent, respectively.
Approximately two-thirds of these increases were attributable to the stations
acquired in April 1994. Network revenues more than doubled in 1994 as a result
of the addition of the new stations and renegotiation of network affiliation
contracts.

Viewership remained strong for the original four television stations. These
stations were ranked number one in the latest ratings period, sign-on to
sign-off, in their respective markets. The newly acquired television station in
San Antonio was also ranked number one, sign-on to sign-off, while the station
acquired in Houston was ranked number three.

Operating margin at the broadcast division increased to 41 percent, from 37
percent in 1993. Excluding amortization of goodwill and intangibles, operating
margins for 1994 and 1993 were 44 percent and 37 percent, respectively.
Increases in advertising, particularly political advertising, along with
increases in network compensation accounted for most of the improvement in
margins.

MAGAZINE DIVISION. Newsweek revenues in 1994 increased almost 2 percent due
primarily to increased advertising revenues at the international editions.
Advertising revenues rose 1 percent overall, with a 9 percent increase at the
international editions offset partially by a 2 percent decrease at the domestic
edition. Although the weakened dollar had a negative impact on overall
operating results, the international editions had increases in both page volume
and rates. The decrease at the domestic edition was due primarily to lower
rates. Circulation revenues increased 2 percent, with better rates at both
domestic and international editions offset partially by lower volumes. In 1994
the domestic edition published the same number of weekly issues (52) and
published one additional special newsstand-only issue, compared with 1993. The
international edition included 52 weekly issues in 1994, compared to 51 issues
in 1993.

At Newsweek the operating margin decreased slightly to 4 percent from 5 percent
in 1993, due primarily to higher subscription acquisition costs and general
operating expense offset partially by lower advertising costs.

CABLE DIVISION. Revenues at the cable division decreased 2 percent in 1994.
However, the prior year included the operations in the United Kingdom that were
sold in September 1993. Excluding these operations from 1993 results, revenues
for the cable division remained essentially unchanged in 1994. The number of
basic subscribers increased 3 percent to 498,000, all of which were from
internal growth. Increases in revenues from pay, pay-per-view, advertising, and
other revenues were offset by reduced basic and tier revenue resulting from two
rounds of industry reregulation. Rate reductions, effective under reregulation,
went into effect on September 1, 1993, and again on July 14, 1994.

Operating margin at the cable division was 23 percent, compared to almost 25
percent in 1993, excluding United Kingdom operations from 1993 results.
Domestic cable cash flow decreased almost 3 percent to $83.6 million, from
$85.9 million in 1993. Programming costs continued to increase due to the
increased number of subscribers and continued license fee increases by
programming suppliers.

OTHER BUSINESSES. In 1994 revenues from other businesses, including Kaplan,
MLJ, PASS Sports, LEGI-SLATE, Digital Ink, and Mammoth Micro Productions,
increased 6 percent to $116.7 million, from $110.3 million in 1993, due
principally to Kaplan, which experienced an 8 percent increase in revenues from
pre-college and pre-graduate school courses.

Other businesses recorded an operating loss in 1994 of $22.8 million, compared
with a loss of $9.1 million in 1993. The increased losses were primarily
attributable to APC, as well as the company's investments in the development of
electronic technologies, including CD-ROM and computer online businesses.





                                       41
<PAGE>   43
THE WASHINGTON POST COMPANY


EQUITY IN EARNINGS AND LOSSES OF AFFILIATES. The company's equity in earnings
of affiliates for 1994 was $7.3 million, compared with a loss of $2.0 million
in 1993. The improved results were primarily related to an $8.1 million
after-tax gain from the sale of land at one of the company's newsprint
affiliates.

NON-OPERATING ITEMS. Interest income, net of interest expense, was $3.6
million, compared with $6.1 million in 1993. The decrease was a result of lower
invested cash balances partially offset by higher interest rates. Other income
in 1994 was $1.1 million, compared with income of $20.4 million in 1993. In
1993 other income included a $20.2 million gain on the sale of the company's
cable franchises in the United Kingdom.

INCOME TAXES. The effective tax rate in 1994 decreased to 40.9 percent, from
41.6 percent in 1993.

FINANCIAL CONDITIONS: CAPITAL RESOURCES AND LIQUIDITY

During the period 1993 through 1995 the company spent approximately $760.1
million on purchases of additional plant, property, and equipment, investments
in new businesses, and the repurchase of Class B common stock.

In April 1994 the company acquired substantially all of the assets comprising
the businesses of television stations KPRC-TV, an NBC affiliate in Houston,
Texas, and KSAT-TV, an ABC affiliate in San Antonio, Texas, for approximately
$253 million in cash.  Additionally, the company acquired an 80 percent
interest in Mammoth Micro Productions, a producer and publisher of multimedia
CD-ROM titles, for approximately $23 million in cash. As previously mentioned,
this investment was written off in 1995. In January 1995 the company divested
substantially all of its 70 percent limited partnership interest in APC to APC,
Inc., and others. The sales price was approximately $33 million, an amount that
does not exceed the amounts the company had invested in the partnership since
it was formed in August 1990. In September 1993 the company divested its cable
franchises in the United Kingdom for approximately $65 million.

During 1995, 1994, and 1993 the company repurchased 361,106, 366,500, and
99,800 shares, respectively, of its Class B common stock at a cost of $89.6
million, $86.7 million, and $23.1 million, respectively. Sixty-three thousand
of these shares were purchased from The Washington Post Company Profit Sharing
Plan in 1994. The 1995 purchases completed the repurchase of one million Class
B shares authorized by the Board of Directors in May 1990. Approximately
765,000 Class B shares remain to be purchased pursuant to a January 1995 Board
authorization to repurchase an additional one million Class B shares. The
annual dividend rate for 1996 was increased to $4.60 per share, from $4.40 per
share in 1995, and $4.20 per share in 1994.

The company estimates that in 1996 it will spend approximately $150 million for
plant and equipment, principally for various projects at the newspaper and
cable divisions and the continued development of electronic technologies in its
new media businesses.  This estimate includes about $50 million to be expended
as part of a $250 million project to provide new production facilities for The
Washington Post newspaper. In 1995 approximately $45 million was expended in
conjunction with this project, which is expected to be completed in late 1998.

Early in 1996 the company purchased two businesses for approximately $60
million, a cable system in Texarkana serving about 24,000 subscribers and a
commercial printing operation located in the Maryland suburbs of Washington,
D.C. In addition, in late February 1996 the company acquired a cable system in
Columbus, Mississippi, serving about 15,700 subscribers for approximately $23
million consisting of cash and shares of non-convertible, redeemable preferred
stock of the company. The company has also reached agreements in principle to
purchase cable systems serving 49,000 subscribers in two states for
approximately $80 million, and to exchange the assets of certain cable systems
with Tele-Communications, Inc. (TCI). According to the terms of the TCI
agreement, the exchange will result in an aggregate increase of about 23,000
subscribers for the company. The purchases are expected to be completed in the
first half of 1996, and the exchange is expected to be completed before the end
of the year.

At December 31, 1995, the company had $147 million in cash and cash
equivalents, $13 million in marketable debt securities, and $50 million in
long-term debt. The company expects in 1996 to fund the majority of its
estimated capital expenditures and business acquisitions through internally
generated funds. In early 1996 the company established a five-year, $300
million revolving credit facility with a group of banks to provide for general
corporate purposes and support the issuance of short-term promissory notes. In
management's opinion, the company will have ample liquidity to meet its various
cash needs in 1996 as outlined above.

As indicated previously, the newspaper division anticipates an increase in
newsprint expense during 1996, which will impact its results significantly. As
a result of the company's investments in newsprint paper mills, which are
included in equity in income of affiliates, the company expects that a
significant portion of the increased costs will continue to be offset by its
share of increased profits at the newsprint affiliates.





                                       42
<PAGE>   44





                      [THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]





                                       43
<PAGE>   45
THE WASHINGTON POST COMPANY


TEN-YEAR SUMMARY OF SELECTED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL DATA

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the summary of significant
accounting policies and additional information relative to the years 1993-1995.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)                                                1995           1994            1993
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                  <C>            <C>            <C>
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
  Operating revenues  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        $1,719,449     $1,613,978     $1,498,191
  Income from operations  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        $  271,018     $  274,875     $  238,980
  Income before cumulative effect of changes in
    accounting principle  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        $  190,096     $  169,672     $  153,817
  Cumulative effect of change in method of accounting
    for income taxes  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                --             --         11,600
  Cumulative effect of change in method of accounting
    for postretirement benefits other than pensions . . . . . . . . . . . . .                --             --             --
                                                                                     ----------     ----------     ----------
  Net income  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        $  190,096     $  169,672     $  165,417
                                                                                     ==========     ==========     ==========

PER SHARE AMOUNTS
  Earnings per share
    Income before cumulative effect of changes in
      accounting principle  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        $    17.15     $    14.65     $    13.10
    Cumulative effect of change in method of accounting
      for income taxes  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                --             --           0.98
    Cumulative effect of change in method of accounting
      for postretirement benefits other than pensions . . . . . . . . . . . .                --             --             --
                                                                                     ----------     ----------     ----------
    Net income  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        $    17.15     $    14.65     $    14.08
                                                                                     ==========     ==========     ==========
  Cash dividends  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        $     4.40     $     4.20     $     4.20
  Shareholders' equity  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        $   107.60     $    99.32     $    92.84

AVERAGE NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDING  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            11,086         11,582         11,750

FINANCIAL POSITION
  Current assets  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        $  406,570     $  375,879     $  625,574
  Working capital . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            98,393        102,806        367,041
  Property, plant, and equipment  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           457,359        411,396        363,718
  Total assets  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         1,732,893      1,696,868      1,622,504
  Long-term debt  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                --         50,297         51,768
  Shareholders' equity  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         1,184,204      1,126,933      1,087,419
</TABLE>





                                       44
<PAGE>   46
THE WASHINGTON POST COMPANY


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
       1992           1991           1990           1989            1988           1987           1986
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  <S>            <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>             <C>
  $1,450,867     $1,380,261     $1,438,640     $1,444,094     $1,367,613     $1,315,422      $1,215,064
  $  232,112     $  192,866     $  281,768     $  313,691     $  233,290     $  257,073      $  228,986

  $  127,796     $  118,721     $  174,576     $  197,893     $  269,117     $  186,743      $  100,173

          --             --             --             --             --             --              --

          --        (47,897)            --             --             --             --              --
  ----------     ----------     ----------     ----------     ----------     ----------      ----------
  $  127,796     $   70,824     $  174,576     $  197,893     $  269,117     $  186,743      $  100,173
  ==========     ==========     ==========     ==========     ==========     ==========      ==========
                                                                                             

  $    10.80     $    10.00     $    14.45     $    15.50     $    20.91     $    14.52      $     7.80

          --             --             --             --             --             --              --

          --          (4.04)            --             --             --             --              --
  ----------     ----------     ----------     ----------     ----------     ----------      ----------
  $    10.80     $     5.96     $    14.45     $    15.50     $    20.91     $    14.52      $     7.80
  ==========     ==========     ==========     ==========     ==========     ==========      ==========
  $     4.20     $     4.20     $     4.00     $     1.84     $     1.56     $     1.28      $     1.12
  $    84.17     $    78.12     $    76.31     $    75.40     $    67.50     $    47.80      $    34.04
      11,830         11,876         12,081         12,768         12,873         12,861          12,842


  $  524,975     $  472,219     $  471,669     $  553,188     $  493,736     $  226,523      $  219,422
     242,627        183,959        175,807        283,118        235,698        (50,290)        (22,647)
     390,804        390,313        394,979        370,597        352,113        371,080         343,702
   1,568,121      1,487,661      1,496,509      1,532,211      1,422,267      1,194,196       1,145,227
      51,842         51,915        126,988        152,061        154,751        155,791         336,140
     993,005        924,285        905,112        941,522        868,240        614,009         436,590
</TABLE>





                                       45
<PAGE>   47


                               INDEX TO EXHIBITS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
   EXHIBIT                                            DESCRIPTION
                                                      -----------
    NUMBER
    ------
    <S>        <C>
    3.1   ---  Certificate of Incorporation of the Company as amended through May 12, 1988, and the
               Certificate of Designation for the Company's Series A Preferred Stock filed January 22,
               1996.

    3.2   ---  By-Laws of the Company as amended through September 9, 1993 (incorporated by reference to
               Exhibit 3 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 3,
               1993).

    4.1   ---  Credit Agreement dated as of January 31, 1996, among the Company, Citibank, N.A.,
               Wachovia Bank of Georgia, N.A., and the other Lenders named therein.

    10.1  ---  The Washington Post Company Annual Incentive Compensation Plan (adopted January 9, 1974)
               as amended through January 4, 1982 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the
               Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 3, 1982).*

    10.2  ---  The Washington Post Company Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan (adopted December 11,
               1981) as amended through March 13, 1992 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the
               Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 29, 1991).*

    10.3  ---  The Washington Post Company Stock Option Plan as amended and restated through May 13,
               1993 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form
               10-Q for the quarter ended April 4, 1993).*

    10.4  ---  The Washington Post Company Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan as amended and
               restated effective December 31, 1993 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the
               Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 2, 1994).*

    10.5  ---  Letter Agreement between the Company and Richard D. Simmons dated May 9, 1991, and the
               amendment thereto dated June 30, 1994 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the
               Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 1, 1995).*

    11   ---   Calculation of earnings per share of common stock.

    21   ---   List of subsidiaries of the Company.

    23   ---   Consent of independent accountants.

    24   ---   Power of attorney dated March 14, 1996.

    27   ---   Financial Data Schedule.
</TABLE>

- -----------------

     * A management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be
included as an exhibit hereto pursuant to Item 14(c) of Form 10-K.





                                       46

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>CERTIFICATES OF INCORPORATION & DESIGNATION.
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1

                                                                     EXHIBIT 3.1

===============================================================================

                          THE WASHINGTON POST COMPANY

              INCORPORATED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE





                          CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION


                                  -----------




                        AS AMENDED THROUGH MAY 12, 1988





================================================================================

<PAGE>   2




                          CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

                                       OF

                          THE WASHINGTON POST COMPANY

                        AS AMENDED THROUGH MAY 12, 1988

                                ----------------


     FIRST:  The name of the corporation (hereinafter called the Company) is

                          THE WASHINGTON POST COMPANY

     SECOND:  The respective names of the County and of the City within the
County in which the registered office of the Company is to be located in the
State of Delaware are the County of New Castle and the City of Wilmington. The
name of the registered agent of the Company is The Corporation Trust Company.
The street and number of said registered office and the address by street and
number of said registered agent is No. 100 West Tenth Street, in the City of
Wilmington.

     THIRD:  The nature of the business of the Company and the objects and
purposes to be transacted, promoted or carried on by it are as follows:

          (1)  To publish any newspaper owned by the Company as an independent
     newspaper dedicated to the welfare of the community and the nation, in
     keeping with the principles of a free press; and

          (2)  To engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations
     may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of
     Delaware.

Notwithstanding any provision of this Certificate of Incorporation, the Company
shall not have power to carry on the business of constructing, maintaining or
operating public utilities within the State of Delaware; nor shall anything
herein be deemed to authorize the Company to carry on any business or exercise
any power in any state, district, territory, possession or country which under
the laws thereof the Company may not lawfully carry on or exercise.

     FOURTH:  The total number of shares of all classes of stock which the
Company shall have authority to issue is 48,000,000, consisting of 1,000,000
shares of Preferred Stock, par value $1.00 per share (hereinafter called the
Preferred Stock), 7,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock, par value $1.00 per
share (hereinafter called the Class A Stock), and 40,000,000 shares of Class B
Common Stock, par value $1.00 per share (hereinafter called the Class B Stock,
and the Class A Stock and the Class B Stock being hereinafter collectively
called the Common Stock).

     The designations and the powers, preferences and rights, and the
qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, of each class of stock of
the Company which are fixed by this Certificate of Incorporation, and the
express grant of authority to the Board of Directors to fix by resolution or
resolutions the designations, and the powers, preferences and rights, and the
qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, of the Preferred Stock
which are not fixed by this Certificate of Incorporation, are as follows:

A.   Preferred Stock

     (1)  Shares of Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in one or
more series, each such series to have such distinctive designation as shall be
stated and expressed in the resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board of
Directors providing for the initial issuance of shares of such series, and
authority is





                                       1

<PAGE>   3
expressly vested in the Board of Directors, by such resolution or resolutions
providing for the initial issuance of shares of each series:

          (a) To fix the distinctive designation of such series and the number
     of shares which shall constitute such series, which number may be
     increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then
     outstanding) from time to time by action of the Board of Directors;

          (b) To fix (i) the dividend rate of such series, (ii) any
     limitations, restrictions or conditions on the payment of dividends,
     including whether dividends shall be cumulative and, if so, from which
     date or dates, (iii) the relative rights of priority, if any, of payment
     of dividends on shares of that series and (iv) the form of dividends,
     which shall be payable either (A) in cash only, or (B) in stock only, or
     (C) partly in cash and partly in stock, or (D) in stock or, at the option
     of the holder, in cash (and in such case to prescribe the terms and
     conditions of exercising such option), and to make provision in case of
     dividends payable in stock for adjustment of the dividend rate in such
     events as the Board of Directors shall determine;

          (c) To fix the price or prices at which, and the terms and conditions
     on which, the shares of such series may be redeemed by the Company;

          (d) To fix the amount or amounts payable upon the shares of such
     series in the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
     Company and the relative rights of priority, if any, of payment upon
     shares of such series;

          (e) To determine whether or not the shares of such series shall be
     entitled to the benefit of a sinking fund to be applied to the purchase or
     redemption of such series and, if so entitled, the amount of such fund and
     the manner of its application;

          (f) To determine whether or not the shares of such series shall be
     made convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of any other class or
     classes of stock of the Company or shares of any other series of Preferred
     Stock, and, if made so convertible or exchangeable, the conversion price
     or prices, or the rate or rates of exchange, and the adjustments thereof,
     if any, at which such conversion or exchange may be made, and any other
     terms and conditions of such conversion or exchange;

          (g) To determine whether or not the shares of such series shall have
     any voting powers and, if voting powers are so granted, the extent of such
     voting powers; provided, however, that so long as any Class A Stock shall
     be outstanding the holders of the Class A Stock shall always have the
     absolute right under all conditions and circumstances to elect a majority
     of the directors; and provided, further, that the voting powers of all
     shares of Preferred Stock on all matters other than the election of
     directors shall be limited (except as otherwise provided by statute) to
     the right to vote pari passu with the holders of Class B Stock on such
     matters  as the holders of the Class B Stock shall be entitled to vote.
     Subject to the foregoing and except as otherwise provided by statute, the
     holders of shares of Preferred Stock, as such holders, shall not have any
     right to vote in the election of directors or for any other purpose; and
     such holders shall not be entitled to notice of any meeting of
     stockholders at which they are not entitled to vote;

          (h) To determine whether or not the issue of any additional shares of
     such series or of any other series in addition to such series shall be
     subject to restrictions in addition to the restrictions, if any, on the
     issue of additional shares imposed in the resolution or resolutions fixing
     the terms of any outstanding series of Preferred Stock theretofore issued
     pursuant to this Section A and, if subject to additional restrictions, the
     extent of such additional restrictions; and

          (i) Generally to fix the other rights, and any qualifications,
     limitations or restrictions of such rights, of such series; provided,
     however, that no such rights, qualifications, limitations or restrictions
     shall be in conflict with this Certificate of Incorporation or any
     amendment hereof.






                                       2

<PAGE>   4






     (2)  Before any dividends shall be declared or paid or any distribution
ordered or made upon the Common Stock (other than a dividend payable in Common
Stock), the Company shall comply with the dividend and sinking fund provisions,
if any, of any resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of any series
of Preferred Stock any shares of which shall at the time be outstanding.
Subject to the foregoing sentence, the holders of Common Stock shall be
entitled, to the exclusion of the holders of Preferred Stock of any and all
series, to receive such dividends as from time to time may be declared by the
Board of Directors.

     (3)  Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, the
holders of Preferred Stock of each series shall be entitled to receive the
amounts to which such holders are entitled as fixed with respect to such
series, including all dividends accumulated to the date of final distribution,
before any payment or distribution of assets of the Company shall be made to or
set apart for the holders of Common Stock; and after such payments shall have
been made in full to the holders of Preferred Stock, the holders of Common
Stock shall be entitled to receive any and all assets remaining to be paid or
distributed to stockholders and the holders of Preferred Stock shall not be
entitled to share therein.  For the purposes of this paragraph, the voluntary
sale, conveyance, lease, exchange or transfer of all or substantially all the
property or assets of the Company or a consolidation or merger of the Company
with one or more other corporations (whether or not the Company is the
corporation surviving such consolidation or merger) shall not be deemed to be a
liquidation, dissolution or winding up, voluntary or involuntary.

     (4)  Subject to such limitations (if any) as may be fixed by the Board of
Directors with respect to such series of Preferred Stock in accordance with
paragraph (1) of this Section A, Preferred Stock of each series may be redeemed
at any time in whole or from time to time in part, at the option of the
Company, by vote of the Board of Directors, at the redemption price thereof
fixed in accordance with said paragraph (1).  If less than all the outstanding
shares of Preferred Stock of such series are to be redeemed, the shares to be
redeemed shall be determined in such manner as the Board of Directors shall
prescribe.  At such time or times prior to the date fixed for redemption as the
Board of Directors shall determine, written notice shall be mailed to each
holder of record of shares to be redeemed, in a postage prepaid envelope
addressed to such holder at his address as shown by the records of the Company,
notifying such holder of the election of the Company to redeem such shares and
stating the date fixed for the redemption thereof and calling upon such holder
to surrender to the Company on or after said date, at a place designated in
such notice, his certificate or certificates representing the number of shares
specified in such notice of redemption.  On and after the date fixed in such
notice of redemption, each holder of shares of Preferred Stock to be redeemed
shall present and surrender his certificate or certificates for such shares to
the Company at the place designated in such notice and thereupon the redemption
price of such shares shall be paid to or on the order of the person whose name
appears on the records of the Company as the holder of the shares designated
for redemption.  In case less than all the shares represented by any such
certificate are redeemed a new certificate shall be issued representing the
unredeemed shares.  From and after the date fixed in any such notice as the
date of redemption (unless default shall be made by the Company in payment of
the redemption price) all dividends on the shares of Preferred Stock designated
for redemption in such notice shall cease to accrue and all rights of the
holders thereof as stockholders of the Company, other than to receive the
redemption price, shall terminate and such shares shall not thereafter be
transferred (except with the consent of the Company) on the books of the
Company and such shares shall not be deemed to be outstanding for any purpose
whatsoever.  At any time after the mailing of any such notice of redemption the
Company may deposit the redemption price of the shares designated therein for
redemption with a bank or trust company in the Borough of Manhattan, City and
State of New York, or in the City of Washington, D. C., having capital and
surplus of at least $25,000,000, in trust for the benefit of the respective
holders of the shares designated for redemption but not yet redeemed.  From and
after the making of such deposit the sole right of the holders of such shares
shall be the right either to receive the redemption price of such shares on and
after such redemption date, or, in the case of shares having conversion rights,
the right to convert the same at any time at or before the earlier of the close
of business on such redemption date or such prior date and time at which the
right to convert shall have expired; and except for these rights, the shares of
Preferred Stock so designated for redemption shall not be deemed to be
outstanding for any purpose whatsoever.






                                       3

<PAGE>   5





     (5)  Shares of any series of Preferred Stock which have been redeemed
(whether through the operation of a sinking fund or otherwise) or purchased by
the Company, or which, if convertible, have been converted into shares of stock
of the Company of any other class or classes, may, upon appropriate filing and
recording to the extent required by law, have the status of authorized and
unissued shares of Preferred Stock and may be reissued as a part of such series
or of any other series of Preferred Stock, subject to such limitations (if any)
as may be fixed by the Board of Directors with respect to such series of
Preferred Stock in accordance with paragraph (1) of this Section A.

B.   Common Stock

     (1)  Except as otherwise provided by (a) the Board of Directors in fixing
the voting rights of any series of the Preferred Stock in accordance with
Section A of this Article FOURTH, (b) this Section B or (c) statute, voting
power in the election of directors and for all other purposes shall be vested
exclusively in the holders of Class A Stock.  Any director elected by the
holders of Class A Stock (and any successor to such director) shall be subject
to removal without cause and to replacement from time to time by the
affirmative vote or written consent of the holders of a majority of the
outstanding shares of Class A Stock.  Every holder of stock of a class entitled
to vote upon a matter shall be entitled to one vote for each share of stock of
such class standing in his name upon the books of the Company. Except as
otherwise provided by this Section B and by Section C of this Article FOURTH,
there shall be no distinction whatever between the rights accorded to the
holders of Class A Stock and Class B Stock.

     (2)  Holders of Class B Stock shall be entitled to vote as specified
below:

          (a)  with regard to the election of directors, holders of Class B
     Stock shall be entitled, voting separately as a class, to elect 30 percent
     of the directors (rounding the number of such directors to the next
     highest whole number if such percentage is not equal to a whole number of
     directors) and no more, to remove any director elected by the holders of
     Class B Stock (and any successor to such director) and, in the manner
     provided in the by-laws of the Company, to replace any director so
     removed; and

          (b)  upon the following transactions, but only to the extent that any
     national securities exchange on which  the Class B Stock shall be listed
     shall require a vote of the Class B Stock as a condition to the listing on
     such exchange of the shares to be issued in such transaction, the holders
     of Class B Stock shall be entitled to vote as a separate class, and the
     holders of any series of Preferred Stock which shall be entitled to vote
     thereon shall be entitled to vote together with the holders of Class B
     Stock as a separate class; provided, however, that if any such vote by the
     holders of Class B Stock shall be required as provided in this paragraph
     (b), the holders of Class A Stock, in addition to their powers under any
     other provision of this Article FOURTH, shall be entitled to vote thereon
     separately as a class, and in such event approval under this paragraph (b)
     shall require the affirmative vote of each such class:

              (i)  the reservation of any shares of capital stock of the
          Company for issuance upon the exercise of options granted or to be
          granted to officers, directors or key employees; and

              (ii) the acquisition of the stock or assets of another company 
          if either:

                  a.  any director, officer or holder of 10% or more of the
              shares of any class of voting stock of the Company has an
              interest, directly or indirectly, in the company or assets to be
              acquired or in the consideration to be paid in the transaction;

                  b.  the issuance or potential issuance of Common Stock and/or
              securities convertible into Common Stock in the transaction could
              result in an increase of 20% or more in the aggregate outstanding
              shares of Common Stock; or






                                       4

<PAGE>   6





                  c.  the aggregate market value of the Common Stock issuable
              or potentially issuable and of any other consideration to be paid
              in the transaction equals 20% or more of the aggregate market
              value of the shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior
              to the transaction.

If at any time there shall not be any Class A Stock outstanding, the provisions
of this Certificate of Incorporation which provide limited and separate voting
rights for the holders of the Class B Stock shall cease to be of any effect,
and such holders shall thereafter have general voting power in the election of
directors and in all other matters upon which stockholders of the Company are
entitled to vote pursuant to this Certificate of Incorporation, the by-laws of
the Company or statute.

     (3)  A holder of shares of Class A Stock shall be entitled at any time
and from time to time to convert any or all such shares held by him into shares
of Class B Stock in the ratio of one share of Class B Stock for one share of
Class A Stock.  Each conversion of shares of Class A Stock into shares of Class
B Stock made pursuant to the provisions of this paragraph (3) shall be effected
by the surrender of the certificate representing the shares to be converted at
the office of the Secretary of the Company (or at such additional place or
places as may from time to time be designated by the Secretary or any Assistant
Secretary of the Company) in such form and accompanied by all stock transfer tax
stamps, if any, as shall be requisite for such transfer, and upon such surrender
the holder of such shares shall be entitled to become, and shall be registered
on the books of the Company as, the holder of the number of shares of Class B
Stock issuable upon such conversion, and each such share of Class A Stock shall
be converted into one share of Class B Stock, as the Class B Stock shall then be
constituted, and thereupon there shall be issued and delivered to such holder or
other named person, as the case may be, promptly at such office or other
designated place, a certificate or certificates for such number of shares of
Class B Stock.

     (4)  Upon the affirmative vote or the written consent of the holders of
a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A Stock, all or any part of the
entire class of outstanding Class A Stock shall be converted, effective upon the
date specified in such vote or consent, into shares of Class B Stock in the
ratio of one share of Class B Stock for one share of Class A Stock.  Any
conversion pursuant to this paragraph (4) of less than all the outstanding
shares of Class A Stock shall be effected through the conversion of an equal
percentage of such shares held by each holder of Class A Stock (including any
holder who shall not have given his affirmative vote or written consent).  Any
fractional share of Class A Stock resulting from the application of such
percentage shall not be eliminated and shall exist as a fractional share of
Class A Stock and the holder thereof shall be entitled to exercise voting
rights, to receive dividends thereon, to participate in any of the assets of the
Company in the event of liquidation and to all other rights in respect of Class
A Stock to the extent of such fractional share; but any fractional share of
Class B Stock shall be eliminated and in lieu thereof the Company shall issue
scrip or pay cash as provided in paragraph (5) of this Section B. Upon the
effective date of any conversion pursuant to this paragraph (4), certificates
representing the shares of Class A Stock so converted shall thereafter represent
a like number of shares of Class B Stock, and each holder thereof shall be
registered on the books of the Company as the record holder of such number of
shares of Class B Stock.  Upon presentation and surrender of said certificates
at the office of the Secretary of the Company (or at such additional place or
places as may from time to time be designated by the Secretary or any Assistant
Secretary of the Company) the Company shall issue or cause to be issued
certificates representing the whole number of shares of Class B Stock resulting
from such conversion, and shall issue scrip or pay cash in lieu of any
fractional share eliminated upon such conversion, and shall issue or cause to be
issued certificates representing the number of whole shares and any fractional
shares of Class A Stock remaining after such conversion.

     (5)  Fractional shares of Class A Stock shall be issued upon and in
connection with any conversion, split-up, merger, consolidation,
reclassification, stock dividend or other change in so far as the same shall
affect Class A Stock.  A certificate for a fractional share of Class A Stock so
issued shall entitle the holder to exercise voting rights, to receive dividends
thereon, to participate in any of the assets of the Company in the event of
liquidation and to all other rights in respect of Class A Stock to the extent of
such fractional share.  No fractional share of stock of any other class of the
Company now or hereafter authorized shall be issuable upon or in connection with
any other conversion, split-up, merger, consolidation, reclassification, stock






                                       5

<PAGE>   7





dividend or change involving stock of such other class; in lieu of any such
fractional share, the person entitled to an interest in respect of such a
fractional share shall be entitled, as determined from time to time by the
Board of Directors, to either (i) a scrip certificate for such fractional share
with such terms and conditions as the Board of Directors shall prescribe or
(ii) the cash equivalent of any such fractional share based upon the market
value of shares of such class at the date on which rights in respect of any
such fractional share shall accrue, as determined in good faith by the Board of
Directors.

     (6)  Subject to the prior rights of the holders of the Preferred
Stock contained in this Article FOURTH, when and as dividends are declared,
whether payable in cash, in property or in shares of stock of the Company
(except as hereinafter provided in this paragraph (6)), the holders of Class A
Stock and the holders of Class B Stock shall be entitled to share equally,
share for share, in such dividends.  A dividend payable in shares of Class A
Stock to the holders of Class A Stock and in shares of Class B Stock to the
holders of Class B Stock shall be deemed to be shared equally among both
classes.  No dividends shall be declared or paid in shares of Class A Stock
except to holders of Class A Stock, but dividends may be declared and paid, as
determined by the Board of Directors, in shares of Class B Stock to all holders
of Common Stock.

     (7)  In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up
of the Company, either voluntary or involuntary, after payment shall have been
made to the holders of the Preferred Stock of the full amount to which they
shall be entitled pursuant to paragraph (3) of Section A of this Article
FOURTH, the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled, to the exclusion of the
holders of the Preferred Stock of any and all series, to share, ratably
according to the number of shares of Common Stock held by them, in all
remaining assets of the Company available for distribution to its stockholders.

C.   Issuance of Stock; Negation of Preemptive Rights

     Without the affirmative vote or written consent of the holders of
a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A Stock, the Company shall not
issue or sell any shares of Class A Stock or any obligation or security that
shall be convertible into, or exchangeable for, or entitle the holder thereof
to subscribe for or purchase, any shares of Class A Stock.  Except as expressly
provided in this Section C or as the Board of Directors in its discretion may
by resolution determine, no holder of stock of the Company of any class shall
have any right to subscribe for or purchase any shares of stock of the Company
of any class now or hereafter authorized or any obligations or securities which
the Company may hereafter issue or sell that shall be convertible into, or
exchangeable for, or entitle the holders thereof to subscribe for or purchase,
any shares of any such class of stock of the Company.

D.   Rights or Options

     Subject to Section C of this Article FOURTH, the Company shall
have the power to create and issue, whether or not in connection with the issue
and sale of any shares of stock or other securities of the Company, rights or
options entitling the holders thereof to purchase from the Company any shares
of its capital stock of any class or classes at the time authorized, such
rights or options to be evidenced by or in such instrument or instruments as
shall be approved by the Board of Directors.  The terms upon which, the time or
times, which may be limited or unlimited in duration, at or within which, and
the price or prices at which any such rights or options may be issued and any
such shares may be purchased from the Company upon the exercise of any such
right or option shall be such as shall be fixed and stated in a resolution or
resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors providing for the creation and
issue of such rights or options, and, in every case, set forth or incorporated
by reference in the instrument or instruments evidencing such rights or
options.  In the absence of actual fraud in the transaction, the judgment of
the Board of Directors as to the consideration for the issuance of such rights
or options and the sufficiency thereof shall be conclusive.

E.   Unclaimed Dividends

     Any and all right, title, interest and claim in or to any dividends 
declared, or other distributions made, by the Company, whether in
cash, stock or otherwise, which are unclaimed by the stockholder entitled






                                       6

<PAGE>   8





thereto for a period of three years after the close of business on the payment
date, shall be and be deemed to be extinguished and abandoned; and such
unclaimed dividends or other distributions in the possession of the Company,
its transfer agents or other agents or depositories shall at such time become
the absolute property of the Company, free and clear of any and all claims of
any persons or other entities whatsoever.

     FIFTH:  The private property of the stockholders of the Company
shall not be subject to the payment of corporate debts to any extent
whatsoever.

     SIXTH:  Whenever a compromise or arrangement is proposed between
this corporation and its creditors or any class of them and/or between this
corporation and its stockholders or any class of them, any court of equitable
jurisdiction within the State of Delaware may, on the application in a summary
way of this corporation or of any creditor or stockholder of this corporation
or on the application of any receiver or receivers appointed for this
corporation under the provisions of Section 291 of Title 8 of the Delaware Code
or on the application of trustees in dissolution or of any receiver or
receivers appointed for this corporation under the provisions of Section 279 of
Title 8 of the Delaware Code order a meeting of the creditors or class of
creditors and/or of the stockholders or class of stockholders of this
corporation, as the case may be, to be summoned in such manner as the said
court directs.  If a majority in number representing three-fourths in value of
the creditors or class of creditors, and/or of the stockholders or class of
stockholders of this corporation, as the case may be, agree to any compromise
or arrangement and to any reorganization of this corporation as consequence of
such compromise or arrangement, the said compromise or arrangement and the said
reorganization shall, if sanctioned by the court to which the said application
has been made, be binding on all the creditors or class of creditors, and/or on
all the stockholders or class of stockholders, of this corporation, as the case
may be, and also on this corporation.

     SEVENTH:  In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers
conferred by the laws of the State of Delaware, the Board of Directors, subject
to the provisions of this Certificate of Incorporation, is expressly authorized
and empowered:

          (a) To make, alter, amend or repeal the by-laws of the Company in any
     manner not inconsistent with the laws of the State of Delaware or this
     Certificate of Incorporation, subject to the power of the stockholders to
     amend, alter or repeal the by-laws made by the Board of Directors or to
     limit or restrict the power of the Board of Directors so to make, alter,
     amend or repeal the by-laws; provided, however, that so long as any Class
     A Stock shall remain outstanding the minimum number of directors shall be
     the lowest number required for the holders of Class A Stock to have the
     absolute power under all conditions and circumstances to elect a majority
     of the directors.

          (b) Subject to the applicable provisions of the by-laws, to
     determine, from time to time, whether and to what extent and at what times
     and places and under what conditions and regulations the accounts and
     books and documents of the Company, or any of them, shall be open to the
     inspection of the stockholders, and no stockholder shall have any right to
     inspect any account or book or document of the Company, except as
     conferred by the laws of the State of Delaware, unless and until
     authorized so to do by resolution adopted by the Board of Directors or the
     stockholders of the Company entitled to vote in respect thereof.

          (c) Without the assent or vote of the stockholders, to authorize and
     issue obligations of the Company, secured or unsecured, to include therein
     such provisions as to redeemability, convertibility or otherwise, as the
     Board of Directors in its sole discretion may determine, and to authorize
     the mortgaging or pledging, as security therefor, of any property of the
     Company, real or personal, including after-acquired property.

          (d) To fix and determine, and to vary the amount of, the working
     capital of the Company; to determine whether any, and if any, what part of
     any, accumulated profits shall be declared in dividends and paid to the
     stockholders; to determine the time or times for the declaration and
     payment of dividends; to direct and to determine the use and disposition
     of any surplus or net profits over and






                                       7

<PAGE>   9





above the capital stock paid in; and in its discretion the Board of Directors
may use or apply any such surplus or accumulated profits in the purchase or
acquiring of bonds or other pecuniary obligations of the Company to such
extent, in such manner and upon such terms as the Board of Directors may deem
expedient.

          (e) To sell, lease or otherwise dispose of, from time to time, any
     part or parts of the properties of the Company and to cease to conduct the
     business connected therewith or again to resume the same, as it may deem
     best.

     In addition to the powers and authorities hereinbefore or by statute
expressly conferred upon it, the Board of Directors may exercise all such
powers and do all such acts and things as may be exercised or done by the
Company, subject, nevertheless, to the provisions of the laws of the State of
Delaware, of this Certificate of Incorporation and of the by-laws of the
Company.

     EIGHTH:  No contract or transaction between the Company and one or more of
its directors or officers, or between the Company and any other corporation,
partnership, association or other organization in which one or more of its
directors or officers are directors or officers or have a financial interest,
shall be void or voidable solely for such reason, or solely because such
director or officer is present at or participates in the meeting of the Board
of Directors or committee thereof which authorizes such contract or
transaction, or solely because such director is counted in determining the
presence of a quorum at such meeting and votes upon the authorization of such
contract or transaction, if (a) the material facts as to such director's or
officer's relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are
disclosed or are known to the Board of Directors or the committee, and the
Board of Directors or the committee in good faith authorizes the contract or
transaction by the affirmative vote of a majority of the disinterested members
thereof, even though such disinterested members be less than a quorum, or (b)
the material facts as to such director's or officer's relationship or interest
and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the
stockholders entitled to vote thereon, and the contract or transaction is
specifically approved in good faith by vote of such stockholders, or (c) the
contract or transaction is fair as to the Company as of the time it is
authorized, approved or ratified by the Board of Directors, a committee
thereof, or the stockholders.  Common or interested directors may be counted in
determining the presence of a quorum at a meeting of the Board of Directors or
of a committee which authorizes the contract or transaction.

     NINTH:  Limitation of Liability; Indemnification.

A.   Limitation of Directors' Liability.

     To the fullest extent that the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware, as it exists on the date hereof or as it may hereafter be amended,
permits the limitation or elimination of the liability of directors, no
director of the Company shall be liable to the Company or its stockholders for
monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director.  No amendment to
or repeal of this Section A of this Article shall apply to or have any effect
on the liability or alleged liability of any director of the Company for or
with respect to any acts or omissions of such director occurring prior to such
amendment or repeal.

B.   Indemnification.

     1.  Right to Indemnification.  The Company shall to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law as then in effect indemnify any person (the
"Indemnitee") who was or is involved in any manner (including, without
limitation, as a party or witness) or is threatened to be made so involved in
any threatened, pending or completed investigation, claim, action, suit or
proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative
(including, without limitation, any action, suit or proceeding by or in the
right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor) (a "Proceeding") by
reason of the fact that he is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of
the Company, or is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director,
officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture,
trust or other enterprise (including, without limitation, any employee benefit
plan) against all expenses (including attorneys' fees), judgments,






                                       8

<PAGE>   10





fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in
connection with such Proceeding.  Such indemnification shall be a contract
right and shall include the right to receive payment in advance of any expenses
incurred by the Indemnitee in connection with such Proceeding, consistent with
the provisions of applicable law as then in effect.

     2.  Insurance, Contracts and Funding.  The Company may purchase and
maintain insurance to protect itself and any Indemnitee against any expenses,
judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement as specified in Section B-1 of
this Article or incurred by any Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding
referred to in Section B-1 of this Article, to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law as then in effect.  The Company may enter into contracts with
any director, officer, employee or agent of the Company in furtherance of the
provisions of this Article and may create a trust fund, grant a security
interest or use other means (including, without limitation, a letter of credit)
to ensure the payment of such amounts as may be necessary to effect
indemnification as provided in this Article.

     3.  Indemnification Not Exclusive Right.  The right of indemnification
provided in this Article shall not be exclusive of any other rights to which
those seeking indemnification may otherwise be entitled, and the provisions of
this Article shall inure to the benefit of the heirs and legal representatives
of any person entitled to indemnity under this Article and shall be applicable
to proceedings commenced or continuing after the adoption of this Article,
whether arising from acts or omissions occurring before or after such adoption.

     4.  Advancement of Expenses; Procedures; Presumptions and Effects of
Certain Proceedings, Remedies.  In furtherance but not in limitation of the
foregoing provisions, the following procedures, presumptions and remedies shall
apply with respect to advancement of expenses and the right to indemnification
under this Article:

     (a)  Advancement of Expenses.  All reasonable expenses incurred by or on
behalf of an Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding shall be advanced to
the Indemnitee by the Company within 20 days after the receipt by the Company
of a statement or statements from the Indemnitee requesting such advance or
advances from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of such
Proceeding.  Such statement or statements shall reasonably evidence the
expenses incurred by the Indemnitee and, if required by law at the time of such
advance, shall include or be accompanied by an undertaking by or on behalf of
the Indemnitee to repay the amounts advanced if it should ultimately be
determined that the Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified against such
expenses pursuant to this Article.

     (b)  Procedure for Determination of Entitlement to Indemnification. (i) To
obtain indemnification under this Article, an Indemnitee shall submit to the
Secretary of the Company a written request, including such documentation as is
reasonably available to the Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to determine
whether and to what extent the Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification (the
"Supporting Documentation").  The determination of the Indemnitee's entitlement
to indemnification shall be made not later than 60 days after receipt by the
Company of the written request for indemnification together with the Supporting
Documentation.  The Secretary of the Company shall, promptly upon receipt of
such a request for indemnification, advise the Board of Directors in writing
that the Indemnitee has requested indemnification.

     (ii)  The Indemnitee's entitlement to indemnification under this Article
shall be determined in one of the following ways: (A) by a majority vote of the
Disinterested Directors (as hereinafter defined), if they constitute a quorum
of the Board of Directors; (B) by a written opinion of Independent Counsel (as
hereinafter defined) if a quorum of the Board of Directors consisting of
Disinterested Directors is not obtainable or, even if obtainable, a majority of
such Disinterested Directors so directs; (C) by the stockholders of the Company
entitled to vote (but only if a majority of the Disinterested Directors, if
they constitute a quorum of the Board of Directors, presents the issue of
entitlement to indemnification to such stockholders for their determination);
or (D) as provided in Section B-4(c) of this Article.






                                       9

<PAGE>   11





     (iii)  In the event the determination of entitlement to indemnification is
to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section B-4(b)(ii) of this
Article, a majority of the Disinterested Directors shall select the Independent
Counsel, but only an Independent Counsel to which the Indemnitee does not
reasonably object.

     (c)  Presumptions and Effect of Certain Proceedings.  Except as otherwise
expressly provided in this Article, the Indemnitee shall be presumed to be
entitled to indemnification under this Article upon submission of a request for
indemnification together with the Supporting Documentation in accordance with
Section B-4(b)(i), and thereafter the Company shall have the burden of proof to
overcome that presumption in reaching a contrary determination.  In any event,
if the person or persons empowered under Section B-4(b) of this Article to
determine entitlement to indemnification shall not have been appointed or shall
not have made a determination within 60 days after the receipt by the Company
of the request therefor together with the Supporting Documentation, the
Indemnitee shall be entitled to indemnification unless (A) the Indemnitee
misrepresented or failed to disclose a material fact in making the request for
indemnification or in the Supporting Documentation or (B) such indemnification
is prohibited by law.  The termination of any Proceeding described in Section
B-1, or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement
or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not,
of itself, adversely affect the right of the Indemnitee to indemnification or
create a presumption that the Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a
manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best
interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that the
Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.

     (d)  Remedies of Indemnitee. (i) In the event that a determination is made
pursuant to Section B-4(b) of this Article that the Indemnitee is not entitled
to indemnification under this Article, (A) the Indemnitee shall be entitled to
seek an adjudication of his entitlement to such indemnification either, at the
Indemnitee's sole option, in (x) an appropriate court of the State of Delaware
or any other court of competent jurisdiction or (y) an arbitration to be
conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the rules of the American
Arbitration Association; (B) any such judicial proceeding or arbitration shall
be de novo and the Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of such adverse
determination; and (C) in any such judicial proceeding or arbitration the
Company shall have the burden of proving that the Indemnitee is not entitled to
indemnification under this Article.

     (ii)  If a determination shall have been made or deemed to have been made,
pursuant to Section B-4(b) or (c), that the Indemnitee is entitled to
indemnification, the Company shall be obligated to pay the amounts constituting
such indemnification within five days after such determination has been made or
deemed to have been made and shall be conclusively bound by such determination
unless (A) the Indemnitee misrepresented or failed to disclose a material fact
in making the request for indemnification or in the Supporting Documentation or
(B) such indemnification is prohibited by law.  In the event that (C)
advancement of expenses is not timely made pursuant to Section B-4(a) or (D)
payment of indemnification is not made within five days after a determination
of entitlement to indemnification has been made or deemed to have been made
pursuant to Section B-4(b) or (c), the Indemnitee shall be entitled to seek
judicial enforcement of the Company's obligation to pay to the Indemnitee such
advancement of expenses or indemnification. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
Company may bring an action, in an appropriate court of the State of Delaware
or any other court of competent jurisdiction, contesting the right of the
Indemnitee to receive indemnification hereunder due to the occurrence of an
event described in subclause (A) or (B) of this clause (ii) (a "Disqualifying
Event"); provided, however, that in any such action the Company shall have the
burden of proving the occurrence of such Disqualifying Event.

     (iii)  The Company shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial
proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section B-4(d) that the
procedures and presumptions of this Article are not valid, binding and
enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or before any such arbitrator
that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Article.






                                       10

<PAGE>   12





     (iv)  In the event that the Indemnitee, pursuant to this Section B-4(d),
seeks a judicial adjudication of or an award in arbitration to enforce his
rights under, or to recover damages for breach of, this Article, the Indemnitee
shall be entitled to recover from the Company, and shall be indemnified by the
Company against, any expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him if the
Indemnitee prevails in such judicial adjudication.  If it shall be determined
in such judicial adjudication or arbitration that the Indemnitee is entitled to
receive part but not all of the indemnification or advancement of expenses
sought, the expenses incurred by the Indemnitee in connection with such
judicial adjudication or arbitration shall be prorated accordingly.

     (e)  Definitions.  For purposes of this Section B-4:

          (i)  "Disinterested Director" means a director of the Company who is
     not or was not a party to the Proceeding in respect of which
     indemnification is sought by the Indemnitee.

          (ii)  "Independent Counsel" means a law firm or a member of a law
     firm that neither presently is, nor in the past five years has been,
     retained to represent (A) the Company or the Indemnitee in any matter
     material to either such party or (B) any other party to the Proceeding
     giving rise to a claim for indemnification under this Article.
     Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term "Independent Counsel" shall not
     include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional
     conduct then prevailing under the law of the State of Delaware, would have
     a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or the
     Indemnitee in an action to determine the Indemnitee's rights under this
     Article.

     5.  Severability.  If any provision or provisions of this Article shall be
held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the
validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this
Article (including, without limitation, all portions of any paragraph of this
Article containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or
unenforceable that are not themselves invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall
not in any way be affected or impaired thereby; and (b) to the fullest extent
possible, the provisions of this Article (including, without limitation, all
portions of any paragraph of this Article containing any such provision held to
be invalid, illegal or unenforceable that are not themselves invalid, illegal
or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent
manifested by the provision held invalid, illegal or unenforceable.

     TENTH:  To the extent deemed necessary or appropriate by the Board of
Directors to enable the Company to engage in any business or activity directly
or indirectly conducted by it in compliance with the laws of the United States
of America as now in effect or as they may hereafter from time to time be
amended, the Company may adopt such by-laws as may be necessary or advisable to
comply with the provisions and avoid the prohibitions of any such law. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, such by-laws may restrict or prohibit
the transfer of shares of capital stock of the Company to, and the voting of
such stock by, aliens or their representatives, or corporations organized under
the laws of any foreign country or their representatives, or corporations
directly or indirectly controlled by aliens or by any such corporation or
representative.

     ELEVENTH:  The Company reserves the right at any time and from time to
time to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this
Certificate of Incorporation in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by law,
and all rights, preferences and privileges of whatsoever nature conferred upon
stockholders, directors or any other persons whomsoever by and pursuant to this
Certificate of Incorporation in its present form or as hereinafter amended are
granted subject to the right reserved in this Article ELEVENTH.





                                       11

<PAGE>   13





                           CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION
                                       of
                            SERIES A PREFERRED STOCK
                                       of
                          THE WASHINGTON POST COMPANY


                 Pursuant to Section 151(g) of the General Corporation Law of
the State of Delaware, The Washington Post Company (the "Company"), a
corporation organized and existing under the General Corporation Law of the
State of Delaware, in accordance with the provisions of Section 103 thereof,
DOES HEREBY CERTIFY:

                 That, pursuant to the authority conferred upon the Board of
Directors of the Company by Article Fourth of the Certificate of Incorporation
of the Company, the Board of Directors of the Company on May 11, 1995, adopted
the following resolution creating a series of Preferred Stock of the Company
designated as Series A Preferred Stock:

         RESOLVED, that, pursuant to the authority vested in the Board of
Directors of the Company in accordance with the provisions of Article Fourth of
the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, a series of Preferred Stock of
the Company is hereby created and that the designation and number of shares
thereof and the voting powers, preferences and relative, participating,
optional and other special rights of the shares of such series, and the
qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof are as follows:

                 SECTION 1.  Designation and Number of Shares.  The shares of
such series shall be designated as "Series A Preferred Stock", par value $1.00
per share.  The number of shares initially constituting the Series A Preferred
Stock shall be 23,000.  The number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock of
the Company and of Series A Preferred Stock may be increased or decreased (but
not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) pursuant to the
Certificate of Incorporation of the Company and the General Corporation Law of
the State of Delaware without the affirmative vote of the holders of the
outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock.

                 SECTION 2.  Dividends.  Subject to the prior and superior
rights of the holders of shares of any series of Preferred Stock of the Company
or other class of stock of







<PAGE>   14
                                                                               2


the Company hereafter authorized which shall rank prior and superior to the
shares of Series A Preferred Stock with respect to dividends, the holders of
shares of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, when, as
and if declared by the Board of Directors, out of the assets of the Company
legally available therefor, quarterly dividends payable in cash on February 15,
May 15, August 15 and November 15 of each year, or such other dates as the
Board of Directors shall approve, in the amount of $20.00 per share (or a pro
rata reduced amount if such shares have not been issued and outstanding for an
entire quarter).  Each such dividend shall be paid to the holders of record of
shares of Series A Preferred Stock as they appear on the stock register of the
Company on such record date, not exceeding 60 days preceding the payment date
thereof, as shall be fixed by the Board of Directors.  Dividends on account of
arrears for any past dividend periods may be declared and paid at any time,
without reference to any regular dividend payment date, to holders of record on
such date, not exceeding 60 days preceding the payment date thereof, as may be
fixed by the Board of Directors of the Company.  Holders of Series A Preferred
Stock shall not be entitled to any dividend, whether payable in cash, property
or stock, in excess of full cumulative dividends as provided herein.  No
interest, or sum of money in lieu of interest, shall be payable in respect of
any dividend payment or payments on the Series A Preferred Stock which may be
in arrears.

                 SECTION 3.  Voting Rights.  The holders of shares of Series A
Preferred Stock shall not have any voting rights, either general or special,
except as provided in Section 10 hereof and as may otherwise be required by
law.

                 SECTION 4.  Certain Restrictions.  (a)  Whenever quarterly
dividends payable on shares of Series A Preferred Stock as provided in Section
2 are payable but in arrears for any prior quarter, thereafter and until all
accrued and unpaid dividends, whether or not declared, on shares of Series A
Preferred Stock outstanding shall have been paid in full, the Company shall
not, unless full dividends (including any dividends in arrears) are
contemporaneously declared and paid on shares of Series A Preferred Stock

          (i) declare or pay dividends on, make any other distributions on, or
     redeem or purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any shares of
     stock ranking junior (either as to dividends or upon liquidation,
     dissolution or winding up) to the Series A Preferred Stock; provided, that
     the Company may at any time redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire shares of
     any such junior stock in exchange for, or out of the net







<PAGE>   15
                                                                               3




     cash proceeds from the sale of, other shares of any such  junior stock;

          (ii) declare or pay dividends on or make any other distributions on 
     any shares of stock ranking on a parity (either as to dividends or upon
     liquidation, dissolution or winding up) with the Series A Preferred Stock,
     except dividends paid ratably on the Series A Preferred Stock and all such
     parity stock on which dividends are payable or in arrears in proportion to
     the total amounts to which the holders of all such shares are then
     entitled; or

          (iii) redeem or purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration shares
     of any stock ranking on a parity (either as to dividends or upon
     liquidation, dissolution or winding up) with the Series A Preferred Stock;
     provided that the Company may at any time redeem, purchase or otherwise
     acquire shares of any such parity stock in exchange for shares of any stock
     of the Company ranking junior (either as to dividends or upon dissolution,
     liquidation or winding up) to the Series A Preferred Stock;

provided that the Company may at any time declare dividends or distributions
paid in shares of, or options, warrants or rights to subscribe for or purchase
shares of, Common Stock or any other stock of the Company ranking junior to the
Series A Preferred Stock as to dividends and upon liquidation, dissolution or
winding up.

                 (b)  The Company shall not permit any subsidiary of
the Company to purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any shares of
stock of the Company unless the Company could, under paragraph (a) of this
Section 4, purchase or otherwise acquire such shares at such time and in such
manner.

                 SECTION 5.  Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up.  (a) 
Subject to the prior and superior rights of the holders of shares of any series
of Preferred Stock or other class of stock of the Company hereafter authorized
which shall rank prior and superior to the shares of Series A Preferred Stock 
upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of the shares of 
Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive and to be paid out of 
the assets of the Company available for distribution to its stockholders, the 
amount of $1,000.00 per share, plus an amount equal to the sum of all accrued 
and unpaid dividends (whether or not earned or declared) for the then-current 
dividend period and all dividend periods prior thereto, upon the liquidation, 
dissolution or winding up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary.







<PAGE>   16
                                                                               4




                 (b) Neither the sale of all or substantially all of
the property and assets of the Company, nor the merger or consolidation of the
Company into or with any other corporation nor the merger or consolidation of
any other corporation into or with the Company shall be deemed to be a
dissolution, liquidation or winding up, voluntary or involuntary, for the
purposes of this Section 5.

                 (c) After the payment to the holders of the shares of
Series A Preferred Stock of the full preferential amounts provided for in this
Section 5, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, as such, shall have no
right or claim to any of the remaining assets of the Company.

                 (d) In the event the assets of the Company available for 
distribution to the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock, upon any
dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Company, whether voluntary or
involuntary, shall be insufficient to pay in full all amounts to which such
holders are entitled pursuant to paragraph (a) of this Section 5, no such
distribution shall be made on account of any shares of any other series of
Preferred Stock or other class of stock of the Company ranking as to any such
distribution on a parity with the shares of Series A Preferred Stock upon such
dissolution, liquidation or winding up unless proportionate distributive
amounts shall be paid on account of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock,
ratably, in proportion to the full distributive amounts for which holders of
all such parity shares are respectively entitled upon such dissolution,
liquidation or winding up.

                 (e) Subject to the rights of the holders of the shares of 
any series or class of stock ranking on a parity with or prior to the
shares of Series A Preferred Stock upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up,
upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, after payment
shall have been made in full to the holders of the shares of Series A Preferred
Stock as provided in this Section 5, but not prior thereto, any other series or
class of stock ranking junior to the shares of Series A Preferred Stock upon
liquidation, dissolution or winding up shall, subject to the respective terms
and provisions (if any) applying thereto, be entitled to receive any and all
assets remaining to be paid or distributed, and the holders of the shares of
Series A Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to share therein.

                 SECTION 6.  Redemption.  The shares of the Series A Preferred 
Stock shall not be redeemable prior to October 1, 2015.  On and after
October 1, 2015, the Company, at its option, may redeem shares of the Series A
Preferred Stock,







<PAGE>   17
                                                                               5




as a whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, at a redemption price
per share of $1,000.00 plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid dividends thereon
to the date fixed for redemption.  The procedure for such redemption shall be
in accordance with the provisions of Article Fourth of the Certificate of
Incorporation of the Company.  No interest, or sum of money in lieu of
interest, shall be payable in respect of the amounts otherwise payable upon the
redemption of any shares of Series A Preferred Stock not timely redeemed by the
holder thereof.

                 SECTION 7.  No Conversion Rights.  The holders of shares 
of the Series A Preferred Stock shall not have any rights to convert
such shares into or exchange such shares for shares of any other class or of
any other series of any class of stock of the Company.

                 SECTION 8.  Ranking; Right to Authorize Senior Series
or Classes of Stock.  The Company shall have the right at any time and from
time to time to authorize and issue any series of Preferred Stock and other
classes of stock which shall rank prior and superior to the Series A Preferred
Stock as to dividends or as to the distribution of assets upon liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Company, or both.  In the absence of a
provision expressly providing for such priority in the Certificate of
Incorporation, as amended, or the Certificate of Designation providing for such
series or classes, as applicable, all other series of Preferred Stock of the
Company hereafter issued and all series of all other classes of capital stock
of the Company hereafter authorized and issued which have a preference as to
dividends or as to the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Company shall rank pari passu with the Series A Preferred
Stock as to dividends and as to the distribution of assets upon liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Company.

                 SECTION 9.  Reacquired Shares.  Any shares of Series A 
Preferred Stock purchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired by the Company in
any manner whatsoever shall be retired and canceled promptly after the
acquisition thereof. All such shares shall upon their cancellation become
authorized but unissued shares of Preferred Stock, without designation as to
series, until such shares are once more designated as part of a particular
series by the Board pursuant to the provisions of Article Fourth of the
Certificate of Incorporation.

                 SECTION 10.  Amendment.  None of the powers, preferences and 
relative, participating, optional and other special rights of the Series A 
Preferred Stock as provided herein shall be amended in any manner which would 
alter or change the powers, preferences, rights or privileges of the







<PAGE>   18
                                                                               6




holders of Series A Preferred Stock so as to affect them adversely without the
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of
Series A Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class.


                 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Certificate 
to be duly executed in its corporate name on this 22nd day of January 1996.


                                              THE WASHINGTON POST COMPANY,

                                                 by
                                                        /s/ John B. Morse, Jr. 
                                                        ------------------------
                                                        Name: John B. Morse, Jr.
                                                        Title: Vice President

[Seal]


Attest:

/s/ Diana M. Daniels                               
- ----------------------
Name: Diana M. Daniels
Title: Secretary






</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>CREDIT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                     EXHIBIT 4.1

                                                                [CONFORMED COPY]

                               U.S. $300,000,000


                                CREDIT AGREEMENT

                          Dated as of January 31, 1996

                                     Among

                          THE WASHINGTON POST COMPANY

                                  as Borrower

                                      and

                        THE INITIAL LENDERS NAMED HEREIN

                               as Initial Lenders

                                      and

                                 CITIBANK, N.A.

                            as Administrative Agent

                                      and

                         WACHOVIA BANK OF GEORGIA, N.A.

                               as Managing Agent






<PAGE>   2
                               TABLE OF CONTENTS


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                Page
<S>                                                                                                               <C>
                                             ARTICLE I

                                  DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS

SECTION 1.01.  Certain Defined Terms . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   1
SECTION 1.02.  Computation of Time Periods . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  16
SECTION 1.03.  Accounting Terms  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  16

                                             ARTICLE II

                                 AMOUNTS AND TERMS OF THE ADVANCES

SECTION 2.01.  The Advances  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  16
SECTION 2.02.  Making the Revolving Credit Advances and Swing Line Advances  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  17
SECTION 2.03.  The Competitive Bid Advances  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  20
SECTION 2.04.  Fees  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  24
SECTION 2.05.  Termination, Reduction or Increase of the Commitments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  24
SECTION 2.06.  Repayment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  27
SECTION 2.07.  Interest on Revolving Credit Advances and Swing Line Advances . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  27
SECTION 2.08.  Interest Rate Determination . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  28
SECTION 2.09.  Optional Conversion of Revolving Credit Advances  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  29
SECTION 2.10.  Optional Prepayments of Revolving Credit Advances and Swing Line Advances . . . . . . . . . . . .  29
SECTION 2.11.  Increased Costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  30
SECTION 2.12.  Illegality  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  31
SECTION 2.13.  Payments and Computations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  32
SECTION 2.14.  Taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  33
SECTION 2.15.  Sharing of Payments, Etc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  35
SECTION 2.16.  Use of Proceeds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  36

                                            ARTICLE III

                              CONDITIONS TO EFFECTIVENESS AND LENDING

SECTION 3.01.  Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness of Sections 2.01 and 2.03 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  36
SECTION 3.02.  Conditions Precedent to Each Revolving Credit Borrowing and Each Swing Line
         Borrowing . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  37
SECTION 3.03.  Conditions Precedent to Each Competitive Bid Borrowing  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  37
SECTION 3.04.  Determinations Under Section 3.01 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  38
</TABLE>





<PAGE>   3
                                       ii


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                PAGE
<S>            <C>                                                                                                <C>
                                             ARTICLE IV

                                   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

SECTION 4.01.  Representations and Warranties of the Borrower  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  38

                                             ARTICLE V

                                     COVENANTS OF THE BORROWER

SECTION 5.01.  Affirmative Covenants . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  40
SECTION 5.02.  Negative Covenants  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  42
SECTION 5.03.  Financial Covenant  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  44

                                             ARTICLE VI

                                         EVENTS OF DEFAULT

SECTION 6.01.  Events of Default . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  44

                                            ARTICLE VII

                                             THE AGENT
SECTION 7.01.  Authorization and Action  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  46
SECTION 7.02.  Agent's Reliance, Etc.  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  47
SECTION 7.03.  Citibank and Affiliates . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  47
SECTION 7.04.  Lender Credit Decision  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  47
SECTION 7.05.  Indemnification . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  48
SECTION 7.06.  Successor Agent . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  48
SECTION 7.07.  Co-Agent  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  48

                                            ARTICLE VIII

                                           MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 8.01.  Amendments, Etc.  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  49
SECTION 8.02.  Notices, Etc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  49
SECTION 8.03.  No Waiver; Remedies . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  50
</TABLE>






<PAGE>   4
                                      iii


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                PAGE
<S>            <C>                                                                                                <C>
SECTION 8.04.  Costs and Expenses  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  50
SECTION 8.05.  Right of Set-off  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  51
SECTION 8.06.  Binding Effect  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  51
SECTION 8.07.  Assignments and Participations  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  51
SECTION 8.08.  Confidentiality . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  55
SECTION 8.09.  Governing Law . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  55
SECTION 8.10.  Execution in Counterparts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  55
SECTION 8.11.  Jurisdiction, Etc.  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  55
SECTION 8.12.  Waiver of Jury Trial  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  56
</TABLE>






<PAGE>   5
                                       iv


Schedules

Schedule I - List of Applicable Lending Offices

Schedule 5.02(a) - Existing Liens




Exhibits

Exhibit A-1     -   Form of Revolving Credit Note

Exhibit A-2     -   Form of Competitive Bid Note

Exhibit B-1     -   Form of Notice of Revolving Credit Borrowing

Exhibit B-2     -   Form of Notice of Competitive Bid Borrowing

Exhibit C       -   Form of Assignment and Acceptance

Exhibit D       -   Form of Assumption Agreement

Exhibit E       -   Form of Opinion of Counsel for the Borrower





<PAGE>   6

                                CERDIT AGREEMENT

                          Dated as of January 31, 1996


                    The Washington Post Company, a Delaware corporation (the
"Borrower"), the banks, financial institutions and other institutional lenders
(the "Initial Lenders") listed on the signature pages hereof, Citibank, N.A.
("Citibank"), as administrative agent (the "Agent") for the Lenders (as
hereinafter defined), and Wachovia Bank of Georgia, N.A. ("Wachovia"), as
managing agent (the "Co-Agent") for the Lenders, agree as follows:


                                   ARTICLE I

                        DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS

                    SECTION 1.01.  Certain Defined Terms.  As used in this
Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings (such meanings
to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms
defined):

                    "Advance" means a Revolving Credit Advance, a Swing Line
               Advance or a Competitive Bid Advance.

                    "Affiliate" means, as to any Person, any other Person that,
               directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by or is under
               common control with such Person or is a director or executive
               officer of such Person.  For purposes of this definition, the
               term "control" (including the terms "controlling", "controlled
               by" and "under common control with") of a Person means the
               possession, direct or indirect, of the power to vote 10% or more
               of the Voting Stock of such Person or to direct or cause the
               direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether
               through the ownership of Voting Stock, by contract or otherwise.

                    "Agent's Account" means the account of the Agent maintained
               by the Agent at Citibank with its office at 399 Park Avenue, 
               New York, New York 10043, Account No. 3685-2248, Attention:  
               Bruce MacKenzie.

                    "Applicable Lending Office" means, with respect to each
               Lender, such Lender's Domestic Lending Office in the case of a
               Base Rate Advance and such Lender's Eurodollar Lending Office in
               the case of a Eurodollar Rate Advance and, in the case of a
               Competitive Bid Advance, the office of such Lender notified by
               such Lender to the Agent as its Applicable Lending Office with
               respect to such Competitive Bid Advance.

                    "Applicable Margin" means, as of any date, a percentage per
               annum determined by reference to the Performance Level in effect
               on such date as set forth below:






<PAGE>   7
                                       2


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
 ===========================================================================
 Performance Level       Applicable Margin for     Applicable Margin for
                         Base Rate Advances        Eurodollar Rate Advances
 ===========================================================================
 <S>                         <C>                         <C>

 I                             0%                        0.115%
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

 II                            0%                        0.130%
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

 III                           0%                        0.160%
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

 IV                            0%                        0.250%
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

 V                             0%                        0.300%
 ===========================================================================
</TABLE>

                    "Applicable Percentage"  means, as of any date, a
               percentage per annum determined by reference to the Performance
               Level in effect on such date as set forth below:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
 ======================================
 Performance Level           Applicable
                             Percentage
 ======================================
 <S>                           <C>

 I                             0.060%
 --------------------------------------

 II                            0.070%
 --------------------------------------

 III                           0.090%
 --------------------------------------

 IV                            0.125%
 --------------------------------------

 V                             0.175%
 ======================================
</TABLE>





<PAGE>   8
                                       3


                    "Assignment and Acceptance" means an assignment and
               acceptance entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee,
               accepted and approved by the Agent and approved by the Borrower,
               in substantially the form of Exhibit C hereto.

                    "Assuming Lender" means an Eligible Assignee not previously
               a Lender that becomes a Lender hereunder pursuant to Section
               2.05(b).

                    "Assumption Agreement" means an agreement in substantially
               the form of Exhibit D hereto by which an Eligible Assignee
               agrees to become a Lender hereunder pursuant to Section 2.05(b),
               in each case agreeing to be bound by all obligations of a Lender
               hereunder.

                    "Base Rate" means a fluctuating interest rate per annum in
               effect from time to time, which rate per annum shall at all
               times be equal to the higher of:

                        (a)the rate of interest announced publicly by Citibank
                    in New York, New York, from time to time, as Citibank's
                    base rate; and

                         (b)1/2 of one percent per annum above the Federal
                    Funds Rate.

                    "Base Rate Advance" means a Revolving Credit Advance that
               bears interest as provided in Section 2.07(a)(i).

                    "Borrowing" means a Revolving Credit Borrowing, a Swing
               Line Borrowing or a Competitive Bid Borrowing.

                    "Business Day" means a day of the year on which banks are
               not required or authorized by law to close in New York City and,
               if the applicable Business Day relates to any Eurodollar Rate
               Advances, on which dealings are carried on in the London
               interbank market.

                    "Commercial Paper Rating" means, as of any date, the lowest
               rating that has been most recently announced by either S&P or
               Moody's, as the case may be, for short term public unsecured
               senior debt issued by the Borrower.  For purposes of the
               foregoing, (a) if any rating established by S&P or Moody's shall
               be changed, such change shall be effective as of the date on
               which such change is first announced publicly by the rating
               agency making such change; and (b) if S&P or Moody's shall
               change the basis on which ratings are established, each
               reference to the Commercial Paper Rating announced by S&P or
               Moody's, as the case may be, shall refer to the then equivalent
               rating by S&P or Moody's, as the case may be.





<PAGE>   9
                                       4

                    "Commitment" means, with respect to any Lender at any time
               (i) the amount set forth opposite such Lender's name on the
               signature pages hereof, (ii) if such Lender has become a Lender
               hereunder pursuant to an Assumption Agreement, the amount set
               forth as its Commitment in such Assumption Agreement or (iii) if
               such Lender has entered into one or more Assignments and
               Acceptances, set forth for such Lender in the Register
               maintained by the Agent pursuant to Section 8.07(d), as such
               amount may be increased, terminated or reduced, as the case may
               be, at or prior to such time pursuant to Section 2.05.

                    "Commitment Date" has the meaning specified in Section 
               2.05(b)(i).

                    "Commitment Increase" has the meaning specified in Section
               2.05(b)(i).

                    "Competitive Bid Advance" means an advance by a Lender to
               the Borrower as part of a Competitive Bid Borrowing resulting
               from the competitive bidding procedure described in Section 2.03
               and refers to a Fixed Rate Advance or a LIBO Rate Advance.

                    "Competitive Bid Borrowing" means a borrowing consisting of
               simultaneous Competitive Bid Advances from each of the Lenders
               whose offer to make one or more Competitive Bid Advances as part
               of such borrowing has been accepted under the competitive
               bidding procedure described in Section 2.03.

                    "Competitive Bid Note" means a promissory note of the
               Borrower (bearing an original or facsimile signature) payable to
               the order of any Lender, in substantially the form of Exhibit
               A-2 hereto, evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to such
               Lender resulting from a Competitive Bid Advance made by such
               Lender.

                    "Confidential Information" means information that the
               Borrower furnishes to the Agent, Co-Agent or any Lender in a
               writing designated as confidential, but does not include any
               such information that is or becomes generally available to the
               public or that is or becomes available to the Agent or such
               Lender from a source other than the Borrower that is not, to the
               best of the Agent's, the Co-Agent's or such Lender's knowledge,
               acting in violation of a confidentiality agreement with or for
               the benefit of the Borrower.

                    "Consolidated" refers to the consolidation of accounts in
               accordance with GAAP.

                    "Continuing Directors" means individuals who at the date
               hereof are directors of the Borrower and any other director (i)
               whose election or nomination was approved by a majority of the
               then Continuing Directors or (b) who was nominated by management
               at a time when Continuing Directors constituted a majority of
               the board of directors of the Borrower.





<PAGE>   10
                                       5

                    "Convert", "Conversion" and "Converted" each refers to a
               conversion of Revolving Credit Advances of one Type into
               Revolving Credit Advances of the other Type pursuant to Section
               2.08 or 2.09.

                    "Debt" of any Person means, without duplication, (a) all
               indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all
               obligations of such Person for the deferred purchase price of
               property or services (other than trade payables not overdue by
               more than 120 days incurred in the ordinary course of such
               Person's business), (c) all obligations of such Person evidenced
               by notes, bonds, debentures or other similar instruments, (d)
               all obligations of such Person created or arising under any
               conditional sale or other title retention agreement with respect
               to property acquired by such Person (even though the rights and
               remedies of the seller or lender under such agreement in the
               event of default are limited to repossession or sale of such
               property), (e) all obligations of such Person as lessee under
               leases that have been or should be, in accordance with GAAP,
               recorded as capital leases, (f) all obligations, contingent or
               otherwise, of such Person in respect of acceptances, letters of
               credit or similar extensions of credit, (g) all Debt of others
               referred to in clauses (a) through (f) above or clause (h) below
               guaranteed directly or indirectly in any manner by such Person,
               or in effect guaranteed directly or indirectly by such Person
               through an agreement (1) to pay or purchase such Debt or to
               advance or supply funds for the payment or purchase of such
               Debt, (2) to purchase, sell or lease (as lessee or lessor)
               property, or to purchase or sell services, primarily for the
               purpose of enabling the debtor to make payment of such Debt or
               to assure the holder of such Debt against loss, (3) to supply
               funds to or in any other manner invest in the debtor (including
               any agreement to pay for property or services irrespective of
               whether such property is received or such services are rendered)
               or (4) otherwise to assure a creditor against loss, and (h) all
               Debt referred to in clauses (a) through (g) above secured by (or
               for which the holder of such Debt has an existing right,
               contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property
               (including, without limitation, accounts and contract rights)
               owned by such Person, even though such Person has not assumed or
               become liable for the payment of such Debt.

                    "Default" means any Event of Default or any event that
               would constitute an Event of Default but for the requirement
               that notice be given or time elapse or both.

                    "Domestic Lending Office" means, with respect to any
               Initial Lender, the office of such Lender specified as its
               "Domestic Lending Office" opposite its name on Schedule I hereto
               and, with respect to any other Lender, the office of such Lender
               specified as its "Domestic Lending Office" in the Assumption
               Agreement or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which
               it became a Lender, or such other office of such Lender as such
               Lender may from time to time specify to the Borrower and the
               Agent.





<PAGE>   11
                                       6

                    "Downgrade" means, with respect to any Lender, the lowest
               rating that has been most recently announced for any class of
               non-credit enhanced long-term senior unsecured debt issued by
               such Lender is lower than BBB- by S&P or Baa3 by Moody's.

                    "Effective Date" has the meaning specified in Section 3.01.

                    "Eligible Assignee" means (i) a Lender; (ii) an Affiliate
               of a Lender; (iii) a commercial bank organized under the laws of
               the United States, or any State thereof, and having total assets
               in excess of $5,000,000,000; (iv) a savings and loan association
               or savings bank organized under the laws of the United States,
               or any State thereof, and having total assets in excess of
               $5,000,000,000; (v) a commercial bank organized under the laws
               of any other country that is a member of the Organization for
               Economic Cooperation and Development or has concluded special
               lending arrangements with the International Monetary Fund
               associated with its General Arrangements to Borrow or of the
               Cayman Islands, or a political subdivision of any such country,
               and having total assets in excess of $5,000,000,000 so long as
               such bank is acting through a branch or agency located in the
               United States or in the country in which it is organized or
               another country that is described in this clause (v); (vi) the
               central bank of any country that is a member of the Organization
               for Economic Cooperation and Development; and (vii) any other
               Person approved by the Agent and the Borrower, such approval not
               to be unreasonably withheld or delayed; provided, however, that
               neither the Borrower nor an Affiliate of the Borrower shall
               qualify as an Eligible Assignee.

                    "Environmental Action" means any action, suit, demand,
               demand letter, claim, notice of non-compliance or violation,
               notice of liability or potential liability, consent order or
               consent agreement relating in any way to any Environmental Law,
               Environmental Permit or Hazardous Materials or arising from
               alleged injury or threat of injury to health, safety or the
               environment, including, without limitation, (a) by any
               governmental or regulatory authority for enforcement, cleanup,
               removal, response, remedial or other actions or damages and (b)
               by any governmental or regulatory authority or any third party
               for damages, contribution, indemnification, cost recovery,
               compensation or injunctive relief.

                    "Environmental Law" means any federal, state, local or
               foreign statute, law, ordinance, rule, regulation, code, order,
               judgment or decree relating to pollution or protection of the
               environment, health, safety or natural resources, including,
               without limitation, those relating to the use, handling,
               transportation, treatment, storage, disposal, release or
               discharge of Hazardous Materials.

                    "Environmental Permit" means any permit, approval,
               identification number, license or other authorization required
               under any Environmental Law.





<PAGE>   12
                                       7

                    "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act
               of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the regulations
               promulgated and rulings issued thereunder.

                    "ERISA Affiliate" means any Person that for purposes of
               Title IV of ERISA is a member of the Borrower's controlled
               group, or under common control with the Borrower, within the
               meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Internal Revenue Code
               or, solely for purposes of Sections 302 and 303 of ERISA and
               Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code, is treated as a single
               employer under Section 414(b), (c), (m) and (o) of the Internal
               Revenue Code.

                    "ERISA Event" means (a) (i) the occurrence of a reportable
               event, within the meaning of Section 4043 of ERISA, with respect
               to any Plan unless the 30-day notice requirement with respect to
               such event has been waived by the PBGC, or (ii) the requirements
               of subsection (1) of Section 4043(b) of ERISA (without regard to
               subsection (2) of such Section) are met with a contributing
               sponsor, as defined in Section 4001(a)(13) of ERISA, of a Plan,
               and an event described in paragraph (9), (10), (11), (12) or
               (13) of Section 4043(c) of ERISA is reasonably expected to occur
               with respect to such Plan within the following 30 days; (b) the
               application for a minimum funding waiver with respect to a Plan;
               (c) the provision by the administrator of any Plan of a notice
               of intent to terminate such Plan pursuant to Section 4041(a)(2)
               of ERISA (including any such notice with respect to a plan
               amendment referred to in Section 4041(e) of ERISA); (d) the
               cessation of operations at a facility of the Borrower or any
               ERISA Affiliate in the circumstances described in Section
               4062(e) of ERISA; (e) the withdrawal by the Borrower or any
               ERISA Affiliate from a Multiple Employer Plan during a plan year
               for which it was a substantial employer, as defined in Section
               4001(a)(2) of ERISA; (f)  the conditions for the imposition of a
               lien under Section 302(f) of ERISA shall have been met with
               respect to any Plan; (g) the adoption of an amendment to a Plan
               requiring the provision of security to such Plan pursuant to
               Section 307 of ERISA; or (h) the institution by the PBGC of
               proceedings to terminate a Plan pursuant to Section 4042 of
               ERISA, or the occurrence of any event or condition described in
               Section 4042 of ERISA that constitutes grounds for the
               termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, a
               Plan.

                    "Eurocurrency Liabilities" has the meaning assigned to that
               term in Regulation D of the Board of Governors of the Federal
               Reserve System, as in effect from time to time.

                    "Eurocurrency Reserve Requirements" means the aggregate of
               the maximum reserve percentages (including any marginal,
               special, emergency or supplemental reserves) expressed as a
               decimal established by the Board of Governors of the Federal
               Reserve System and any other banking authority to which any
               Lender is subject and applicable to Eurocurrency Liabilities, or
               any similar category of assets or liabilities





<PAGE>   13
                                       8

               relating to eurocurrency fundings.  Eurocurrency Reserve
               Requirements shall be adjusted automatically on and as of the
               effective date of any change in any reserve percentage.

                    "Eurodollar Lending Office" means, with respect to any
               Initial Lender, the office of such Lender specified as its
               "Eurodollar Lending Office" opposite its name on Schedule I
               hereto and, with respect to any other Lender, the office of such
               Lender specified as its "Eurodollar Lending Office" in the
               Assumption Agreement or in the Assignment and Acceptance
               pursuant to which it became a Lender (or, if no such office is
               specified, its Domestic Lending Office), or such other office of
               such Lender as such Lender may from time to time specify to the
               Borrower and the Agent.

                    "Eurodollar Rate" means, for any Interest Period for each
               Eurodollar Rate Advance comprising part of the same Revolving
               Credit Borrowing, an interest rate per annum equal to the
               average (rounded upward to the nearest whole multiple of 1/16 of
               1% per annum, if such average is not such a multiple) of the
               rate per annum at which deposits in U.S. dollars are offered to
               the principal office of each of the Reference Banks in London,
               England by prime banks in the London interbank market at 11:00
               A.M. (London time) two Business Days before the first day of
               such Interest Period in an amount substantially equal to such
               Reference Bank's Eurodollar Rate Advance comprising part of such
               Revolving Credit Borrowing to be outstanding during such
               Interest Period and for a period equal to such Interest Period.
               The Eurodollar Rate for any Interest Period for each Eurodollar
               Rate Advance comprising part of the same Revolving Credit
               Borrowing shall be determined by the Agent on the basis of
               applicable rates furnished to and received by the Agent from the
               Reference Banks two Business Days before the first day of such
               Interest Period, subject, however, to the provisions of Section
               2.08.

                    "Eurodollar Rate Advance" means a Revolving Credit Advance
               that bears interest as provided in Section 2.07(a)(ii).

                    "Events of Default" has the meaning specified in Section 
               6.01.

                    "Federal Funds Rate" means, for any period, a fluctuating
               interest rate per annum equal for each day during such period to
               the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds
               transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged
               by Federal funds brokers, as published for such day (or, if such
               day is not a Business Day, for the next preceding Business Day)
               by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not
               so published for any day that is a Business Day, the average of
               the quotations for such day on such transactions received by the
               Agent from three Federal funds brokers of recognized standing
               selected by it with the consent of the Borrower.

                    "Fixed Rate Advances" has the meaning specified in Section
               2.03(a)(i).





<PAGE>   14
                                       9


                    "GAAP" has the meaning specified in Section 1.03.

                    "Graham Interests" shall mean Katharine Graham and her
               siblings, their descendants and any relative by marriage of the
               foregoing, and any trust for the benefit of any of the foregoing
               whether as an income or residual beneficiary.

                    "Hazardous Materials" means (a) petroleum and petroleum
               products, byproducts or breakdown products, radioactive
               materials, asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated
               biphenyls and radon gas and (b) any other chemicals, materials
               or substances designated, classified or regulated as hazardous
               or toxic under any Environmental Law and any pollutant or
               contaminant regulated under the Clean Water Act, 33 U.S.C.
               Sections 1251 et seq., or the Clean Air Act, 42 U.S.C. Sections
               7401 et seq.

                    "Increase Date" has the meaning specified in Section
               2.05(b)(i).

                    "Increasing Lender" has the meaning specified in Section
               2.05(b)(i).

                    "Information Memorandum" means the information memorandum
               dated December 29, 1995 used by the Agent in connection with the
               syndication of the Commitments.

                    "Interest Period" means, for each Eurodollar Rate Advance
               comprising part of the same Revolving Credit Borrowing and each
               LIBO Rate Advance comprising part of the same Competitive Bid
               Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Eurodollar
               Rate Advance or LIBO Rate Advance or the date of the Conversion
               of any Base Rate Advance into such Eurodollar Rate Advance and
               ending on the last day of the period selected by the Borrower
               pursuant to the provisions below and, thereafter, with respect
               to Eurodollar Rate Advances, each subsequent period commencing
               on the last day of the immediately preceding Interest Period and
               ending on the last day of the period selected by the Borrower
               pursuant to the provisions below.  The duration of each such
               Interest Period shall be one, two, three or six months or, if
               available to all the Lenders, nine or twelve months, as the
               Borrower may, upon notice received by the Agent not later than
               11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the third Business Day prior
               to the first day of such Interest Period, select; provided,
               however, that:

                          (i)  the Borrower may not select any Interest Period 
                    that ends after the Termination Date in effect at the time
                    of such selection;

                          (ii) Interest Periods commencing on the same date for
                    Eurodollar Rate Advances comprising part of the same
                    Revolving Credit Borrowing or for LIBO





<PAGE>   15
                                       10

                    Rate Advances comprising part of the same Competitive Bid
                    Borrowing shall be of the same duration;

                          (iii) whenever the last day of any Interest Period 
                    would otherwise occur on a day other than a Business Day, 
                    the last day of such Interest Period shall be extended to 
                    occur on the next succeeding Business Day, provided, 
                    however, that, if such extension would cause the last day 
                    of such Interest Period to occur in the next following 
                    calendar month, the last day of such Interest Period shall
                    occur on the next preceding Business Day; and

                          (iv) whenever the first day of any Interest Period 
                    occurs on a day of an initial calendar month for which 
                    there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar 
                    month that succeeds such initial calendar month by the 
                    number of months equal to the number of months in such 
                    Interest Period, such Interest Period shall end on the 
                    last Business Day of such succeeding calendar month.

                    "Internal Revenue Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of
               1986, as amended from time to time, and the regulations
               promulgated and rulings issued thereunder.

                    "Lenders" means the Initial Lenders, each Assuming Lender
               that shall become a party hereto pursuant to Section 2.05(b) and
               each Person that shall become a party hereto pursuant to Section
               8.07.

                    "LIBO Rate" means, for any Interest Period for all LIBO
               Rate Advances comprising part of the same Competitive Bid
               Borrowing, an interest rate per annum equal to the average
               (rounded upward to the nearest whole multiple of 1/16 of 1% per
               annum, if such average is not such a multiple) of the rate per
               annum at which deposits in U.S. dollars are offered to the
               principal office of each of the Reference Banks in London,
               England by prime banks in the London interbank market at 11:00
               A.M. (London time) two Business Days before the first day of
               such Interest Period in an amount substantially equal to the
               amount that would be the Reference Banks' respective ratable
               shares of such Borrowing if such Borrowing were to be a
               Revolving Credit Borrowing to be outstanding during such
               Interest Period and for a period equal to such Interest Period.
               The LIBO Rate for any Interest Period for each LIBO Rate Advance
               comprising part of the same Competitive Bid Borrowing shall be
               determined by the Agent on the basis of applicable rates
               furnished to and received by the Agent from the Reference Banks
               two Business Days before the first day of such Interest Period,
               subject, however, to the provisions of Section 2.08.

                    "LIBO Rate Advances" has the meaning specified in Section
               2.03(a)(i).





<PAGE>   16
                                       11

                    "Lien" means any lien, security interest or other charge or
               encumbrance of any kind, or any other type of preferential
               arrangement, including, without limitation, the lien or retained
               security title of a conditional vendor and any easement, right
               of way or other encumbrance on title to real property.

                    "Margin Stock" has the meaning assigned to such term under
               Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
               System of the United States as from time to time in effect and
               all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof.

                    "Material Adverse Change" means any material adverse change
               in the business, financial condition or results of operations of
               the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole.

                    "Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect
               on (a) the business, financial condition or results of
               operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a
               whole, (b) the rights and remedies of the Agent or any Lender
               under this Agreement or any Note or (c) the ability of the
               Borrower to perform its obligations under this Agreement or any
               Note.

                    "Moody's" means Moody's Investors Service, Inc.

                    "Multiemployer Plan" means a multiemployer plan, as defined
               in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which the Borrower or any
               ERISA Affiliate is making or accruing an obligation to make
               contributions, or has within any of the preceding five plan
               years made or accrued an obligation to make contributions.

                    "Multiple Employer Plan" means a single employer plan, as
               defined in Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA, that (a) is maintained
               for employees of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate and at
               least one Person other than the Borrower and the ERISA
               Affiliates or (b) was so maintained and in respect of which the
               Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate could have liability under
               Section 4064 or 4069 of ERISA in the event such plan has been or
               were to be terminated.

                    "Non-Recourse Debt" shall mean Debt of the Borrower or its
               Subsidiaries incurred (a) as to which neither the Borrower nor
               any of its Subsidiaries (i) provides credit support (including
               any undertaking, agreement or instrument which would constitute
               Debt) or has given or made other written assurances regarding
               repayment or the maintenance of capital or liquidity except such
               assurances as may be approved by the Required Lenders (such
               approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), (ii) is
               directly or indirectly liable or (iii) constitutes the lender
               and (b) the obligees of which will have recourse solely to
               certain identified assets (the loss of which would not
               reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect) for
               repayment of the principal





<PAGE>   17
                                       12

               of and interest on such Debt and any fees, indemnities,
               expenses, reimbursements or other amounts of whatever nature
               accrued or payable in connection with such Debt.

                    "Note" means a Revolving Credit Note or a Competitive Bid 
               Note.

                    "Notice of Competitive Bid Borrowing" has the meaning
               specified in Section 2.03(a).

                    "Notice of Revolving Credit Borrowing" has the meaning
               specified in Section 2.02(a).

                    "Notice of Swing Line Borrowing" has the meaning specified
               in Section 2.02(b).

                    "PBGC" means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (or
               any successor).
 
                    "Performance Level" means, as of any date of the
               determination, the level set forth below as then in effect, as
               determined in accordance with the following provisions of this
               definition:

                    Level I:    Public Debt Rating of not lower than AA+ by S&P
                                or not lower than Aa1 by Moody's.

                    Level II:   Public Debt Rating of lower than Level I but
                                not lower than AA- by S&P or Aa3 by Moody's;
                                or, if no Public Debt Rating is available from
                                S&P or Moody's, Commercial Paper Rating of not
                                lower than A-1+ by S&P and P-1 by Moody's.

                    Level III:  Public Debt Rating of lower than Level II but
                                not lower than A- by S&P or A3 by Moody's; or,
                                if no Public Debt Rating is available from S&P
                                or Moody's, Commercial Paper Rating of not
                                lower than A-2 from S&P and P-2 from Moody's.

                    Level IV:   Public Debt Rating of lower than Level III but
                                not lower than BBB by S&P or Baa2 by Moody's
                                or, if no Public Debt Rating is available from
                                S&P or Moody's, Commercial Paper Rating of not
                                lower than A-3 from S&P and P-3 by Moody's.

                    Level V:    Public Debt Rating or Commercial Paper Rating
                                lower than Level IV or no Public Debt Rating or
                                Commercial Paper Rating.

                    For purposes of the foregoing, (a) if only one of S&P and
                    Moody's shall have in effect a Public Debt Rating, the
                    Performance Level shall be determined by





<PAGE>   18
                                       13

                    reference to the available rating, (b) if the Public Debt
                    Ratings established by S&P and Moody's shall fall within
                    different Performance Levels, the Performance Level shall
                    be based upon the higher rating, provided that if the lower
                    of such ratings is more than one level below the higher of
                    such ratings, the Performance Level shall be based on the
                    level immediately above such lower rating, (c) if only one
                    of S&P and Moody's shall have in effect a Commercial Paper
                    Rating, the Performance Level shall be determined by
                    reference to the available rating and (d) if the Commercial
                    Paper Ratings established by S&P and Moody's shall fall
                    within different Performance Levels, the Performance Level
                    shall be based upon the lower rating.

                    "Permitted Liens" means any of the following:

                                (a) Liens for taxes, assessments and
                    governmental charges or levies to the extent not required
                    to be paid under Section 5.01(b) hereof;

                                (b) Liens imposed by law, such as materialmen's,
                    mechanics', carriers', workmen's and repairmen's Liens and
                    other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of
                    business securing obligations (other than Debt) that (i)
                    are not overdue for a period of more than 120 days or (ii)
                    are being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings
                    and as to which appropriate reserves are being maintained
                    in accordance with GAAP;

                                (c) Pledges or deposits to secure obligations
                    under workers' compensation laws or similar legislation or
                    to secure public or statutory obligations;

                                (d) Liens securing the performance of or payment
                    in respect of, bids, tenders, government contracts (other
                    than for the repayment of Debt), surety and appeal bonds
                    and other obligations of a similar nature incurred in the
                    ordinary course of business; and

                                (e) Easements, rights of way and other
                    encumbrances on title to real property that do not
                    materially adversely affect the use of such property for
                    its present purposes.

                    "Person" means an individual, partnership, corporation
               (including a business trust), joint stock company, trust,
               unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
               company or other entity, or a government or any political
               subdivision or agency thereof.





<PAGE>   19
                                       14

                    "Plan" means a Single Employer Plan or a Multiple Employer
               Plan subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section
               412 of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 302 of ERISA.

                    "Pro Rata Share" of any amount means, with respect to any
               Lender at any time, the product of such amount times a fraction
               the numerator of which is the amount of such Lender's Commitment
               at such time and the denominator of which is the aggregate of
               the Commitments of the Lenders at such time.

                    "Public Debt Rating" means, as of any date, the lowest
               rating that has been most recently announced by either S&P or
               Moody's, as the case may be, for any class of non-credit
               enhanced long-term senior unsecured debt issued by the Borrower.
               For purposes of the foregoing, (a) if any rating established by
               S&P or Moody's shall be changed, such change shall be effective
               as of the date on which such change is first announced publicly
               by the rating agency making such change; and (b) if S&P or
               Moody's shall change the basis on which ratings are established,
               each reference to the Public Debt Rating announced by S&P or
               Moody's, as the case may be, shall refer to the then equivalent
               rating by S&P or Moody's, as the case may be.

                    "Reference Banks" means Citibank, Credit Suisse and Union
               Bank of Switzerland.

                    "Register" has the meaning specified in Section 8.07(d).

                    "Required Lenders" means at any time Lenders owed at least
               a majority in interest of the then aggregate unpaid principal
               amount of the Revolving Credit Advances owing to Lenders, or, if
               no such principal amount is then outstanding, Lenders having at
               least a majority in interest of the Commitments.

                    "Revolving Credit Advance" means an advance by a Lender to
               the Borrower as part of a Revolving Credit Borrowing and refers
               to a Base Rate Advance or a Eurodollar Rate Advance (each of
               which shall be a "Type" of  Revolving Credit Advance).

                    "Revolving Credit Borrowing" means a borrowing consisting
               of simultaneous Revolving Credit Advances of the same Type made
               by each of the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01.

                    "Revolving Credit Note" means a promissory note of the
               Borrower (bearing an original or facsimile signature) payable to
               the order of any Lender, in substantially the form of Exhibit
               A-1 hereto, evidencing the aggregate indebtedness of the
               Borrower to such Lender resulting from the Revolving Credit
               Advances made by such Lender.

                    "S&P" means Standard & Poor's Ratings Group, a division of
               McGraw-Hill, Inc.





<PAGE>   20
                                       15

                    "Shareholders' Equity" means "shareholders' equity" as such
               term is construed in accordance with GAAP and as reported in the
               Borrower's reports and registration statements filed with the
               Securities and Exchange Commission or any national securities
               exchange.

                    "Significant Subsidiary" shall mean any Subsidiary that
               would be a "significant subsidiary" within the meaning of Rule
               1-02 of the SEC's Regulation S-X.

                    "Single Employer Plan" means a single employer plan, as
               defined in Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA, that (a) is maintained
               for employees of the Borrower or any  ERISA Affiliate and no
               Person other than the Borrower and the ERISA Affiliates or (b)
               was so maintained and in respect of which the Borrower or any
               ERISA Affiliate could have liability under Section 4069 of ERISA
               in the event such plan has been or were to be terminated.

                    "Subsidiary" of any Person means any corporation,
               partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, trust or
               estate of which (or in which) more than 50% of (a) the issued
               and outstanding capital stock having ordinary voting power to
               elect a majority of the Board of Directors of such corporation
               (irrespective of whether at the time capital stock of any other
               class or classes of such corporation shall or might have voting
               power upon the occurrence of any contingency), (b) the interest
               in the capital or profits of such limited liability company,
               partnership or joint venture or (c) the beneficial interest in
               such trust or estate is at the time directly or indirectly owned
               or controlled by such Person, by such Person and one or more of
               its other Subsidiaries or by one or more of such Person's other
               Subsidiaries.

                    "Swing Line Advance" means an advance made by any Swing
               Line Bank pursuant to Section 2.01(b) or any Lender pursuant to
               Section 2.02(b).

                    "Swing Line Bank" means each of Citibank and Wachovia.

                    "Swing Line Borrowing" means a borrowing consisting of a
               Swing Line Advance made by any Swing Line Bank.

                    "Swing Line Commitment" means with respect to any Swing
               Line Bank at any time the amount set forth opposite such Swing
               Line Bank's name on the signature pages hereof, as such amount
               may be increased, terminated or reduced, as the case may be, at
               or prior to such time pursuant to Section 2.05.

                    "Termination Date" means the earlier of January 31, 2001
               and the date of termination in whole of the Commitments pursuant
               to Section 2.05 or 6.01.





<PAGE>   21
                                       16

                    "Unused Commitment" means, with respect to any Lender at
               any time, (a) such Lender's Commitment at such time minus (b)
               the sum of (i) the aggregate principal amount of all Revolving
               Credit Advances made by such Lender and outstanding at such
               time, plus (ii) such Lender's Pro Rata Share of (A) the
               aggregate principal amount of all Swing Line Advances then
               outstanding and (B) the aggregate principal amount of the
               Competitive Bid Advances then outstanding.

                    "Voting Stock" means capital stock issued by a corporation,
               or equivalent interests in any other Person, the holders of
               which are ordinarily, in the absence of contingencies, entitled
               to vote for the election of not less than a majority of the
               directors (or persons performing similar functions) of such
               Person, even if the right so to vote has been suspended by the
               happening of such a contingency.

                    SECTION 1.02.  Computation of Time Periods.  In this
Agreement in the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a
later specified date, the word "from" means "from and including" and the words
"to" and "until" each mean "to but excluding".

                    SECTION 1.03.  Accounting Terms.  All terms of an
accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"), as in effect from time to time;
provided, however, that if the Borrower notifies the Agent that the Borrower
wishes to amend any covenant in Article V or any related definition to
eliminate the effect of any change in GAAP occurring after the date of this
Agreement on the operation of such covenant, or if the Agent notifies the
Borrower that the Required Lenders wish to amend Article V or any related
definition for such purpose, then the Borrower's compliance with such covenant
shall be determined on the basis of GAAP in effect immediately before the
relevant change in GAAP became effective, until either such notice is withdrawn
or such covenant is amended in a manner satisfactory to the Borrower and the
Required Lenders.

                                   ARTICLE II

                       AMOUNTS AND TERMS OF THE ADVANCES

                    SECTION 2.01.  The Advances.  (a)  The Revolving Credit
Advances.  Each Lender severally agrees, on the terms and conditions
hereinafter set forth, to make Revolving Credit Advances to the Borrower from
time to time on any Business Day during the period from the Effective Date
until the Termination Date in an amount for each such Advance not to exceed
such Lender's Unused Commitment.  Each Revolving Credit Borrowing shall be in
an aggregate amount of $5,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in
excess thereof (or, if less, an aggregate amount equal to the amount by which
the aggregate amount of a proposed Competitive Bid Borrowing requested by the
Borrower exceeds the aggregate amount of Competitive Bid Advances offered to be
made by the Lenders and accepted by the Borrower in respect of such





<PAGE>   22
                                       17

Competitive Bid Borrowing, if such Competitive Bid Borrowing is made on the
same date as such Revolving Credit Borrowing) and shall consist of Revolving
Credit Advances of the same Type made on the same day by the Lenders ratably
according to their respective Commitments. Within the limits of each Lender's
Unused Commitment in effect from time to time, the Borrower may borrow under
this Section 2.01(a), prepay pursuant to Section 2.10 and reborrow under this
Section 2.01(a).

                    (b)         The Swing Line Advances.  Each Swing Line Bank
severally agrees, on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, to make
Swing Line Advances to the Borrower from time to time on any Business Day
during the period from the date hereof until the Termination Date (i) in an
aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding $100,000,000 (the "Swing
Line Facility") and (ii) in an amount for each such Advance not to exceed the
Unused Commitments of the Lenders on such Business Day.  No Swing Line Advance
shall be used for the purpose of funding the payment of principal of any other
Swing Line Advance. Each Swing Line Borrowing shall be in an amount of
$5,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof and shall
consist of a Base Rate Advance.  Within the limits of the Swing Line Facility
and within the limits referred to in clause (ii) above, the Borrower may borrow
under this 2.01(b), prepay pursuant to Section 2.10 and reborrow under this
Section 2.01(b).

                    SECTION 2.02.  Making the Revolving Credit Advances and
Swing Line Advances.  (a)  Each Revolving Credit Borrowing shall be made on
notice, given not later than 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the third
Business Day prior to the date of the proposed Revolving Credit Borrowing in
the case of a Revolving Credit Borrowing consisting of Eurodollar Rate
Advances, or the date of the proposed Revolving Credit Borrowing in the case of
a Revolving Credit Borrowing consisting of Base Rate Advances, by the Borrower
to the Agent, which shall give to each Lender prompt notice thereof by
telecopier or telex.  Each such notice of a Revolving Credit Borrowing (a
"Notice of Revolving Credit Borrowing") shall be by telephone, confirmed at
once in writing, or telecopier or telex in substantially the form of Exhibit
B-1 hereto, specifying therein the requested (i) date of such Revolving Credit
Borrowing, (ii) Type of Advances comprising such Revolving Credit Borrowing,
(iii) aggregate amount of such Revolving Credit Borrowing, and (iv) in the case
of a Revolving Credit Borrowing consisting of Eurodollar Rate Advances, initial
Interest Period for each such Revolving Credit Advance.  Each Lender shall,
before 1:00 P.M. (New York City time) on the date of such Revolving Credit
Borrowing, make available for the account of its Applicable Lending Office to
the Agent at the Agent's Account, in same day funds, such Lender's ratable
portion of such Revolving Credit Borrowing.  After the Agent's receipt of such
funds and upon fulfillment of the applicable conditions set forth in Article
III, the Agent will make such funds available to the Borrower at the Agent's
address referred to in Section 8.02; provided, however, that the Agent shall
first make a portion of such funds equal to the aggregate principal amount of
any Swing Line Advances made by the Swing Line Banks and by any other Lender
and outstanding on the date of such Revolving Credit Borrowing, plus interest
accrued and unpaid thereon to and as of





<PAGE>   23
                                       18

such date, available to the Swing Line Banks and such other Lenders for
repayment of such Swing Line Advances.

                    (b)         Each Swing Line Borrowing shall be made on
notice, given not later than 3:00 P.M. (New York City time) on the date of the
proposed Swing Line Borrowing by the Borrower to each Swing Line Bank and the
Agent, of which the Agent shall give prompt notice to the Lenders.  Each such
notice of a Swing Line Borrowing (a "Notice of Swing Line Borrowing") shall be
by telephone, confirmed at once in writing, or telecopier or telex, specifying
therein the requested (i) date of such Borrowing, (ii) amount of such Borrowing
and (iii) maturity of such Borrowing (which maturity shall be no later than the
fifth Business Day after the requested date of such Borrowing).  Each Swing
Line Bank shall, before 5:00 P.M. (New York City time) on the date of such
Swing Line Borrowing, make such Swing Line Bank's ratable portion of such Swing
Line Borrowing available (based on the respective Swing Line Commitments of the
Swing Line Banks) to the Agent at the Agent's Account, in same day funds. After
the Agent's receipt of such funds and upon fulfillment of the applicable
conditions set forth in Article III, the Agent will make such funds available
to the Borrower at the Agent's address referred to in Section 8.02.  Upon
written demand by any Swing Line Bank with a Swing Line Advance, with a copy of
such demand to the Agent, each other Lender will purchase from such Swing Line
Bank, and such Swing Line Bank shall sell and assign to each such other Lender,
such other Lender's Pro Rata Share of such outstanding Swing Line Advance, by
making available for the account of its Applicable Lending Office to the Agent
for the account of such Swing Line Bank, by deposit to the Agent's Account, in
same day funds, an amount equal to the portion of the outstanding principal
amount of such Swing Line Advance to be purchased by such Lender.  The Borrower
hereby agrees to each such sale and assignment.  Each Lender agrees to purchase
its Pro Rata Share of an outstanding Swing Line Advance on (i) the Business Day
on which demand therefor is made by the Swing Line Bank which made such
Advance, provided that notice of such demand is given not later than 11:00 A.M.
(New York City time) on such Business Day or (ii) the first Business Day next
succeeding such demand if notice of such demand is given after such time.  Upon
any such assignment by Swing Line Bank to any other Lender of a portion of a
Swing Line Advance, such Swing Line Bank represents and warrants to such other
Lender that such Swing Line Bank is the legal and beneficial owner of such
interest being assigned by it, but makes no other representation or warranty
and assumes no responsibility with respect to such Swing Line Advance, this
Agreement, the Notes or the Borrower.  If and to the extent that any Lender
shall not have so made the amount of such Swing Line Advance available to the
Agent, such Lender agrees to pay to the Agent forthwith on demand such amount
together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such Lender is
required to have made such amount available to the Agent until the date such
amount is paid to the Agent, at the Federal Funds Rate.  If such Lender shall
pay to the Agent such amount for the account of such Swing Line Bank on any
Business Day, such amount so paid in respect of principal shall constitute a
Swing Line Advance made by such Lender on such Business Day for purposes of
this Agreement, and the outstanding principal amount of the Swing Line Advance
made by such Swing Line Bank shall be reduced by such amount on such Business
day.





<PAGE>   24
                                       19

                    (c)         Anything in subsection (a) above to the
contrary notwithstanding, (i) the Borrower may not select Eurodollar Rate
Advances for any Revolving Credit Borrowing if the aggregate amount of such
Revolving Credit Borrowing is less than $10,000,000 or if the obligation of the
Lenders to make Eurodollar Rate Advances shall then be suspended pursuant to
Section 2.08 or 2.12 and (ii) the Eurodollar Rate Advances may not be
outstanding as part of more than fifteen separate Revolving Credit Borrowings.

                    (d)         Each Notice of Revolving Credit Borrowing and
Notice of Swing Line Borrowing shall be irrevocable and binding on the
Borrower.  In the case of any Revolving Credit Borrowing that the related
Notice of Revolving Credit Borrowing specifies is to be comprised of Eurodollar
Rate Advances, the Borrower shall indemnify each Lender against any loss, cost
or expense incurred by such Lender as a result of any failure to fulfill on or
before the date specified in such Notice of Revolving Credit Borrowing for such
Revolving Credit Borrowing the applicable conditions set forth in Article III,
including, without limitation, any loss (excluding loss of anticipated
profits), cost or expense incurred by reason of the liquidation or reemployment
of deposits or other funds acquired by such Lender to fund the Revolving Credit
Advance to be made by such Lender as part of such Revolving Credit Borrowing
when such Revolving Credit Advance, as a result of such failure, is not made on
such date.

                    (e)         Unless the Agent shall have received notice
from a Lender or Swing Line Bank prior to the date of any Revolving Credit
Borrowing or Swing Line Borrowing, as the case may be, that such Lender or
Swing Line Bank will not make available to the Agent such Lender's or Swing
Line Bank's ratable portion of such Revolving Credit Borrowing or Swing Line
Borrowing, as the case may be, the Agent may assume that such Lender or Swing
Line Bank has made such portion available to the Agent on the date of such
Revolving Credit Borrowing or Swing Line Borrowing, as the case may be, in
accordance with subsection (a) or (b) of this Section 2.02 and the Agent may,
in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower on such date a
corresponding amount.  If and to the extent that such Lender or Swing Line Bank
shall not have so made such ratable portion available to the Agent, such Lender
or Swing Line Bank and the Borrower severally agree to repay to the Agent
forthwith on demand such corresponding amount together with interest thereon,
for each day from the date such amount is made available to the Borrower until
the date such amount is repaid to the Agent, at (i) in the case of the
Borrower, the interest rate applicable at the time to the Advances comprising
such Borrowing and (ii) in the case of such Lender or Swing Line Bank, the
Federal Funds Rate.  If such Lender or Swing Line Bank shall repay to the Agent
such corresponding amount, such amount so repaid shall constitute such Lender's
Revolving Credit Advance as part of such Revolving Credit Borrowing or such
Swing Line Bank's Swing Line Advance as part of such Swing Line Borrowing for
purposes of this Agreement.

                    (f)         The failure of any Lender or Swing Line Bank to
make the Revolving Credit Advance or Swing Line Advance to be made by it as
part of any Borrowing shall not relieve any other Lender or Swing Line Bank of
its obligation, if any, hereunder to make its





<PAGE>   25
                                       20

Revolving Credit Advance or Swing Line Advance on the date of such Revolving
Credit Borrowing or Swing Line Borrowing as the case may be, but no Lender or
Swing Line Bank shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender or
Swing Line Bank to make the Revolving Credit Advance or Swing Line Advance to
be made by such other Lender or Swing Line Bank on the date of any Revolving
Credit Borrowing or Swing Line Borrowing, as the case may be.

                    SECTION 2.03.  The Competitive Bid Advances.  (a) Each
Lender severally agrees that the Borrower may make Competitive Bid Borrowings
under this Section 2.03 from time to time on any Business Day during the period
from the date hereof until the date occurring 30 days prior to the Termination
Date in the manner set forth below; provided that the amount of each
Competitive Bid Borrowing shall not exceed the aggregate amount of the Unused
Commitments of the Lenders on such Business Day.

                    (i)         The Borrower may request a Competitive Bid
               Borrowing under this Section 2.03 by delivering to the Agent, by
               telecopier or telex, a notice of a Competitive Bid Borrowing (a
               "Notice of Competitive Bid Borrowing"), in substantially the
               form of Exhibit B-2 hereto, specifying therein the requested (v)
               date of such proposed Competitive Bid Borrowing, (w) aggregate
               amount of such proposed Competitive Bid Borrowing, (x) in the
               case of a Competitive Bid Borrowing consisting of LIBO Rate
               Advances, Interest Period, or in the case of a Competitive Bid
               Borrowing consisting of Fixed Rate Advances, maturity date for
               repayment of each Fixed Rate Advance to be made as part of such
               Competitive Bid Borrowing (which maturity date may not be
               earlier than the date occurring 30 days after the date of such
               Competitive Bid Borrowing or later than the earlier of (I) 360
               days after the date of such Competitive Bid Borrowing and (II)
               the Termination Date), (y) interest payment date or dates
               relating thereto, and (z) other terms (if any) to be applicable
               to such Competitive Bid Borrowing, not later than 10:00 A.M.
               (New York City time) (A) at least one Business Day prior to the
               date of the proposed Competitive Bid Borrowing, if the Borrower
               shall specify in the Notice of Competitive Bid Borrowing that
               the rates of interest to be offered by the Lenders shall be
               fixed rates per annum (the Advances comprising any such
               Competitive Bid Borrowing being referred to herein as "Fixed
               Rate Advances") and (B) at least four Business Days prior to the
               date of the proposed Competitive Bid Borrowing, if the Borrower
               shall instead specify in the Notice of Competitive Bid Borrowing
               that the rates of interest be offered by the Lenders are to be
               based on the LIBO Rate (the Advances comprising such Competitive
               Bid Borrowing being referred to herein as "LIBO Rate Advances").
               Each Notice of Competitive Bid Borrowing shall be irrevocable
               and binding on the Borrower.  The Agent shall in turn promptly
               notify each Lender of each request for a Competitive Bid
               Borrowing received by it from the Borrower by sending such
               Lender a copy of the related Notice of Competitive Bid
               Borrowing.





<PAGE>   26
                                       21

                    (ii)        Each Lender may, if, in its sole discretion, it
               elects to do so, irrevocably offer to make one or more
               Competitive Bid Advances to the Borrower as part of such
               proposed Competitive Bid Borrowing at a rate or rates of
               interest specified by such Lender in its sole discretion, by
               notifying the Agent (which shall give prompt notice thereof to
               the Borrower), before 9:30 A.M. (New York City time) on the date
               of such proposed Competitive Bid Borrowing, in the case of a
               Competitive Bid Borrowing consisting of Fixed Rate Advances and
               before 10:00 A.M. (New York City time) three Business Days
               before the date of such proposed Competitive Bid Borrowing, in
               the case of a Competitive Bid Borrowing consisting of LIBO Rate
               Advances, of the minimum amount and maximum amount of each
               Competitive Bid Advance which such Lender would be willing to
               make as part of such proposed Competitive Bid Borrowing (which
               amounts may, subject to the proviso to the first sentence of
               this Section 2.03(a), exceed such Lender's Commitment), the rate
               or rates of interest therefor and such Lender's Applicable
               Lending Office with respect to such Competitive Bid Advance;
               provided that if the Agent in its capacity as a Lender shall, in
               its sole discretion, elect to make any such offer, it shall
               notify the Borrower of such offer at least 30 minutes before the
               time and on the date on which notice of such election is to be
               given to the Agent by the other Lenders.  If any Lender shall
               elect not to make such an offer, such Lender shall so notify the
               Agent, before 10:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the date on
               which notice of such election is to be given to the Agent by the
               other Lenders, and such Lender shall not be obligated to, and
               shall not, make any Competitive Bid Advance as part of such
               Competitive Bid Borrowing; provided that the failure by any
               Lender to give such notice shall not cause such Lender to be
               obligated to make any Competitive Bid Advance as part of such
               proposed Competitive Bid Borrowing.

                    (iii)       The Borrower shall, in turn, before 10:30 A.M.
               (New York City time) on the date of such proposed Competitive
               Bid Borrowing, in the case of a Competitive Bid Borrowing
               consisting of Fixed Rate Advances and before 11:00 A.M. (New
               York City time) three Business Days before the date of such
               proposed Competitive Bid Borrowing, in the case of a Competitive
               Bid Borrowing consisting of LIBO Rate Advances, either:

                                (x) cancel such Competitive Bid Borrowing by 
                    giving the Agent notice to that effect, or

                                (y) accept one or more of the offers made by any
                    Lender or Lenders pursuant to paragraph (ii) above, in its
                    sole discretion, by giving notice to the Agent of the
                    amount of each Competitive Bid Advance (which amount shall
                    be equal to or greater than the minimum amount, and equal
                    to or less than the maximum amount, notified to the
                    Borrower by the Agent on behalf of such Lender for such
                    Competitive Bid Advance pursuant to paragraph (ii) above)
                    to be made by each Lender as part of such Competitive Bid
                    Borrowing, and reject any remaining offers made by Lenders
                    pursuant to paragraph (ii) above by giving the





<PAGE>   27
                                       22

                    Agent notice to that effect.  The Borrower shall accept the
                    offers made by any Lender or Lenders to make Competitive
                    Bid Advances in order of the lowest to the highest rates of
                    interest offered by such Lenders.  If two or more Lenders
                    have offered the same interest rate, the amount to be
                    borrowed at such interest rate will be allocated among such
                    Lenders in proportion to the amount that each such Lender
                    offered at such interest rate.

                    (iv)        If the Borrower notifies the Agent that such
               Competitive Bid Borrowing is cancelled pursuant to paragraph
               (iii)(x) above, the Agent shall give prompt notice thereof to
               the Lenders and such Competitive Bid Borrowing shall not be
               made.

                    (v)         If the Borrower accepts one or more of the
               offers made by any Lender or Lenders pursuant to paragraph
               (iii)(y) above, the Agent shall in turn promptly notify (A) each
               Lender that has made an offer as described in paragraph (ii)
               above, of the date and aggregate amount of such Competitive Bid
               Borrowing and whether or not any offer or offers made by such
               Lender pursuant to paragraph (ii) above have been accepted by
               the Borrower, (B) each Lender that is to make a Competitive Bid
               Advance as part of such Competitive Bid Borrowing, of the amount
               of each Competitive Bid Advance to be made by such Lender as
               part of such Competitive Bid Borrowing, and (C) each Lender that
               is to make a Competitive Bid Advance as part of such Competitive
               Bid Borrowing, upon receipt, that the Agent has received forms
               of documents appearing to fulfill the applicable conditions set
               forth in Article III.  Each Lender that is to make a Competitive
               Bid Advance as part of such Competitive Bid Borrowing shall,
               before 12:00 noon (New York City time) on the date of such
               Competitive Bid Borrowing specified in the notice received from
               the Agent pursuant to clause (A) of the preceding sentence or
               any later time when such Lender shall have received notice from
               the Agent pursuant to clause (C) of the preceding sentence, make
               available for the account of its Applicable Lending Office to
               the Agent at the Agent's Account, in same day funds, such
               Lender's portion of such Competitive Bid Borrowing.  Upon
               fulfillment of the applicable conditions set forth in Article
               III and after receipt by the Agent of such funds, the Agent will
               make such funds available to the Borrower at the Agent's address
               referred to in Section 8.02.  Promptly after each Competitive
               Bid Borrowing the Agent will notify each Lender of the amount of
               the Competitive Bid Borrowing.

                    (vi)        If the Borrower notifies the Agent that it
               accepts one or more of the offers made by any Lender or Lenders
               pursuant to paragraph (iii)(y) above, such notice of acceptance
               shall be irrevocable and binding on the Borrower.  The Borrower
               shall indemnify each Lender against any loss, cost or expense
               incurred by such Lender as a result of any failure to fulfill on
               or before the date specified in the related Notice of
               Competitive Bid Borrowing for such Competitive Bid Borrowing the
               applicable conditions set forth in Article III, including,
               without limitation, any loss (excluding loss of anticipated
               profits), cost or expense incurred by reason of the liquidation
               or





<PAGE>   28
                                       23

               reemployment of deposits or other funds acquired by such Lender
               to fund the Competitive Bid Advance to be made by such Lender as
               part of such Competitive Bid Borrowing when such Competitive Bid
               Advance, as a result of such failure, is not made on such date.

                    (b)         Each Competitive Bid Borrowing shall be in an
aggregate amount of $10,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess
thereof and, following the making of each Competitive Bid Borrowing, the
Borrower shall be in compliance with the limitation set forth in the proviso to
the first sentence of subsection (a) above.

                    (c)         Within the limits and on the conditions set
forth in this Section 2.03, the Borrower may from time to time borrow under
this Section 2.03, repay or prepay pursuant to subsection (d) below, and
reborrow under this Section 2.03, provided that a Competitive Bid Borrowing
shall not be made within one Business Day of the date of any other Competitive
Bid Borrowing.

                    (d)         The Borrower shall repay to the Agent for the
account of each Lender that has made a Competitive Bid Advance, on the maturity
date of each Competitive Bid Advance (such maturity date being that specified
by the Borrower for repayment of such Competitive Bid Advance in the related
Notice of Competitive Bid Borrowing delivered pursuant to subsection (a)(i)
above and provided in the Competitive Bid Note evidencing such Competitive Bid
Advance), the then unpaid principal amount of such Competitive Bid Advance.
The Borrower shall have no right to prepay any principal amount of any
Competitive Bid Advance unless, and then only on the terms, specified by the
Borrower for such Competitive Bid Advance in the related Notice of Competitive
Bid Borrowing delivered pursuant to subsection (a)(i) above and set forth in
the Competitive Bid Note evidencing such Competitive Bid Advance.

                    (e)         The Borrower shall pay interest on the unpaid
principal amount of each Competitive Bid Advance from the date of such
Competitive Bid Advance to the date the principal amount of such Competitive
Bid Advance is repaid in full, at the rate of interest for such Competitive Bid
Advance specified by the Lender making such Competitive Bid Advance in its
notice with respect thereto delivered pursuant to subsection (a)(ii) above,
payable on the interest payment date or dates specified by the Borrower for
such Competitive Bid Advance in the related Notice of Competitive Bid Borrowing
delivered pursuant to subsection (a)(i) above, as provided in the Competitive
Bid Note evidencing such Competitive Bid Advance.  The Borrower shall pay
interest on the amount of overdue principal and, to the fullest extent
permitted by law, interest in respect of each Competitive Bid Advance owing to
a Lender, payable in arrears on the date or dates interest is payable thereon,
at a rate per annum equal at all times to 1% per annum above the rate per annum
required to be paid on such Competitive Bid Advance under the terms of the
Competitive Bid Note evidencing such Competitive Bid Advance unless otherwise
agreed in such Competitive Bid Note.





<PAGE>   29
                                       24

                    (f)         The indebtedness of the Borrower resulting from
each Competitive Bid Advance made to the Borrower as part of a Competitive Bid
Borrowing shall be evidenced by a separate Competitive Bid Note of the Borrower
payable to the order of the Lender making such Competitive Bid Advance.

                    SECTION 2.04.  Fees.  (a)  Facility Fee.  The Borrower
agrees to pay to the Agent for the account of each Lender a facility fee on the
aggregate amount of such Lender's Commitment in effect from time to time from
the Effective Date in the case of each Initial Lender and from the later of the
Effective Date and the effective date specified in the Assumption Agreement or
in the Assignment and Acceptance, as the case may be, pursuant to which it
became a Lender in the case of each other Lender until the Termination Date at
a rate per annum equal to the Applicable Percentage in effect from time to
time, payable in arrears quarterly on the last day of each March, June,
September and December, commencing March 31, 1996, and on the Termination Date.

                    (b)         Agent's Fees.  The Borrower shall pay to the
Agent for its own account such fees as may from time to time be agreed between
the Borrower and the Agent.

                    SECTION 2.05.  Termination, Reduction or Increase of the
Commitments. (a)  Termination or Reduction.  The Borrower shall have the right,
upon at least three Business Days' notice to the Agent, to terminate in whole
or reduce ratably in part the respective Unused Commitments of the Lenders,
provided that each partial reduction shall be in the aggregate amount of
$10,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof.  The
aggregate amount of the Commitments once reduced as provided in this Section
2.05(a), may not be reinstated, except as provided in Section 2.05(b) below.

                    (b)         Increase in Aggregate of the Commitments.  (i)
The Borrower may at any time, by notice to the Agent, propose that the
aggregate amount of the Commitments be increased (such aggregate amount being,
a "Commitment Increase"), effective as at a date prior to the Termination Date
(an "Increase Date") as to which agreement is to be reached by an earlier date
specified in such notice (a "Commitment Date"); provided, however, that (A) the
Borrower may not propose more than two Commitment Increases in any calendar
year, (B) the minimum proposed Commitment Increase per notice shall be
$25,000,000, (C) in no event shall the aggregate amount of the Commitments at
any time exceed $500,000,000, (D) the applicable Performance Level on such
Increase Date shall be Level I, Level II or Level III and (E) no Default shall
have occurred and be continuing on such Increase Date.  The Agent shall notify
the Lenders thereof promptly upon its receipt of any such notice.  The Agent
agrees that it will cooperate with the Borrower in discussions with the Lenders
and other Eligible Assignees with a view to arranging the proposed Commitment
Increase through the increase of the Commitments of one or more of the Lenders
(each such Lender that is willing to increase its Commitment hereunder being an
"Increasing Lender") and the addition of one or more other Eligible Assignees
as Assuming Lenders and as parties to this Agreement; provided, however, that
it





<PAGE>   30
                                       25

shall be in each Lender's sole discretion whether to increase its Commitment
hereunder in connection with the proposed Commitment Increase; and provided
further that the minimum Commitment of each such Assuming Lender that becomes a
party to this Agreement pursuant to this Section 2.05(b), shall be at least
equal to $15,000,000.  If any of the Lenders agree to increase their respective
Commitments by an aggregate amount in excess of the proposed Commitment
Increase, the proposed Commitment Increase shall be allocated among such
Lenders in proportion to their respective Commitments immediately prior to the
Increase Date. If agreement is reached on or prior to the applicable Commitment
Date with any Increasing Lenders and Assuming Lenders as to a Commitment
Increase (which may be less than but not greater than specified in the
applicable notice from the Borrower), such agreement to be evidenced by a
notice in reasonable detail from the Borrower to the Agent on or prior to the
applicable Commitment Date, such Assuming Lenders, if any, shall become Lenders
hereunder as of the applicable Increase Date and the Commitments of such
Increasing Lenders and such Assuming Lenders shall become or be, as the case
may be, as of the Increase Date, the amounts specified in such notice; provided
that:

                    (x)         the Agent shall have received (with copies for
               each Lender, including each such Assuming Lender) by no later
               than 10:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the applicable Increase
               Date a certificate of a financial officer of the Borrower or the
               Secretary of the Borrower, (1) stating that the resolutions
               adopted by the Board of Directors of the Borrower on September
               15, 1995 authorizing the Borrower to borrow money from time to
               time in an aggregate principal amount at any one time
               outstanding not in excess of $500,000,000 remain in full force
               and effect and have not been modified or rescinded or attaching
               and certifying, if applicable, any amendments to such
               resolutions or supplemental borrowing resolutions and (2)
               specifying the aggregate principal amount of borrowed money or
               commitments of lenders to advance money under agreements entered
               into pursuant to such resolutions (including any such
               supplemental resolutions) other than this Agreement;

                    (y)         each such Assuming Lender shall have delivered
               to the Agent, by no later than 10:00 A.M. (New York City time)
               on such Increase Date, an appropriate Assumption Agreement in
               substantially the form of Exhibit D hereto, duly executed by
               such Assuming Lender and the Borrower; and

                    (z)         each such Increasing Lender shall have
               delivered to the Agent by, no later than 10:00 A.M. (New York
               City time) on such Increase Date, (A) its existing Revolving
               Credit Note and (B) confirmation in writing satisfactory to the
               Agent as to its increased Commitment.

                    (ii)        In the event that the Agent shall have received
notice from the Borrower as to its agreement to a Commitment Increase on or
prior to the applicable Commitment Date and each of the actions provided for in
clauses (x) through (z) above shall have occurred prior





<PAGE>   31
                                       26

to 10:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the applicable Increase Date to the
satisfaction of the Agent, the Agent shall notify the Lenders (including any
Assuming Lenders) and the Borrower of the occurrence of such Commitment
Increase by telephone, confirmed at once in writing, telecopier, telex or cable
and in any event no later than 1:00 P.M. (New York City time) on such Increase
Date and shall record in the Register the relevant information with respect to
each Increasing Lender and Assuming Lender. Each Increasing Lender and each
Assuming Lender shall, before 2:00 P.M. (New York City time) on the applicable
Increase Date, make available for the account of its Applicable Lending Office
to the Agent at the Agent's Account, in same day funds, in the case of such
Assuming Lender, an amount equal to such Assuming Lender's ratable portion of
the Revolving Credit Borrowings then outstanding (calculated based on its
Commitment as a percentage of the aggregate Commitments outstanding after
giving effect to the relevant Commitment Increase) and, in the case of such
Increasing Lender, an amount equal to the excess of (i) such Increasing
Lender's ratable portion of the Revolving Credit Borrowings then outstanding
(calculated based on its Commitment as a percentage of the aggregate
Commitments outstanding after giving effect to the relevant Commitment
Increase) over (ii) such Increasing Lender's Pro Rata Share of the Revolving
Credit Borrowings then outstanding (calculated based on its Commitment (without
giving effect to the relevant Commitment Increase) as a percentage of the
aggregate Commitments (without giving effect to the relevant Commitment
Increase).  After the Agent's receipt of such funds from each such Increasing
Lender and each such Assuming Lender, the Agent will promptly thereafter cause
to be distributed like funds to the other Lenders for the account of their
respective Applicable Lending Offices in an amount to each other Lender such
that the aggregate amount of the outstanding Revolving Credit Advances owing to
each Lender after giving effect to such distribution equals such Lender's Pro
Rata Share of the Revolving Credit Borrowings then outstanding (calculated
based on its Commitment as a percentage of the aggregate Commitments
outstanding after giving effect to the relevant Commitment Increase). Within
five Business Days after the Borrower receives notice from the Agent, the
Borrower, at its own expense, shall execute and deliver to the Agent, Revolving
Credit Notes payable to the order of each Assuming Lender, if any, and, each
Increasing Lender, dated as of the applicable Increase Date, in a principal
amount equal to such Lender's Commitment after giving effect to the relevant
Commitment Increase, and substantially in the form of Exhibit A-1 hereto.  The
Agent, upon receipt of such Revolving Credit Notes, shall promptly deliver such
Revolving Credit Notes to the respective Assuming Lenders and Increasing
Lenders.

                    (iii)       In the event that the Agent shall not have
received notice from the Borrower as to such agreement on or prior to the
applicable Commitment Date or the Borrower shall, by notice to the Agent prior
to the applicable Increase Date, withdraw its proposal for a Commitment
Increase or any of the actions provided for above in clauses (i)(x) through
(i)(z) shall not have occurred by 10:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the such
Increase Date, such proposal by the Borrower shall be deemed not to have been
made.  In such event, any actions theretofore taken under clauses (i)(x)
through (i)(z) above shall be deemed to be of no effect and all the rights and
obligations of the parties shall continue as if no such proposal had been made.





<PAGE>   32
                                       27

                    SECTION 2.06.  Repayment.  (a)   Revolving Credit Advances.
The Borrower shall repay to the Agent for the ratable account of the Lenders on
the Termination Date the aggregate principal amount of the Revolving Credit
Advances then outstanding.

                    (b)         Swing Line Advances.  The Borrower shall repay
to the Agent for the account of the Swing Line Banks and each other Lender
which has made a Swing Line Advance the outstanding principal amount of each
Swing Line Advance made by each of them on the earlier of the maturity date
specified in the applicable Notice of Swing Line Borrowing (which maturity
shall be no later than five Business Days after the requested date of such
Borrowing) and the Termination Date.

                    SECTION 2.07.  Interest on Revolving Credit Advances and
Swing Line Advances.  (a)  Scheduled Interest.  The Borrower shall pay interest
on the unpaid principal amount of each Revolving Credit Advance and Swing Line
Advance owing to each Lender from the date of such Revolving Credit Advance or
Swing Line Advance, as the case may be, until such principal amount shall be
paid in full, at the following rates per annum:

                    (i)         Base Rate Advances.  During such periods as
               such Revolving Credit Advance is a Base Rate Advance and for
               each Swing Line Advance, a rate per annum equal at all times to
               the sum of (x) the Base Rate in effect from time to time plus
               (y) the Applicable Margin in effect from time to time,  payable
               in arrears quarterly on the last day of each March, June,
               September and December during such periods and on the date such
               Base Rate Advance shall be Converted or paid in full or Swing
               Line Advance is paid in full.

                    (ii)        Eurodollar Rate Advances.  During such periods
               as such Revolving Credit Advance is a Eurodollar Rate Advance, a
               rate per annum equal at all times during each Interest Period
               for such Revolving Credit Advance to the sum of (x) the
               Eurodollar Rate for such Interest Period for such Revolving
               Credit Advance plus (y) the Applicable Margin in effect from
               time to time, payable in arrears on the last day of such
               Interest Period and, if such Interest Period has a duration of
               more than three months, on each day that occurs during such
               Interest Period every three months from the first day of such
               Interest Period and on the date such Eurodollar Rate Advance
               shall be Converted or paid in full.

                    (b)         Default Interest.  The Borrower shall pay
interest on (i) overdue principal of each Revolving Credit Advance owing to
each Lender, payable in arrears on the dates referred to in clause (a)(i) or
(a)(ii) above, at a rate per annum equal at all times to 1% per annum above the
rate per annum required to be paid on such Revolving Credit Advance pursuant to
clause (a)(i) or (a)(ii) above and (ii) to the fullest extent permitted by law,
the amount of any overdue interest, fee or other amount payable hereunder, from
the date such amount shall be due until such amount shall be paid





<PAGE>   33
                                       28

in full, payable in arrears on the date such amount shall be paid in full and
on demand, at a rate per annum equal at all times to 1% per annum above the
rate per annum required to be paid on Base Rate Advances pursuant to clause
(a)(i) above.

                    SECTION 2.08.  Interest Rate Determination.  (a) Each
Reference Bank agrees to furnish to the Agent timely information for the
purpose of determining each Eurodollar Rate and each LIBO Rate.  If any one or
more of the Reference Banks shall not furnish such timely information to the
Agent for the purpose of determining any such interest rate, the Agent shall
determine such interest rate on the basis of timely information furnished by
the remaining Reference Banks.  The Agent shall give prompt notice to the
Borrower and the Lenders of the applicable interest rate determined by the
Agent for purposes of Section 2.07(a)(i) or (ii), and the rate, if any,
furnished by each Reference Bank for the purpose of determining the interest
rate under Section 2.07(a)(ii).

                    (b)         If, with respect to any Eurodollar Rate
Advances, the Required Lenders notify the Agent that the Eurodollar Rate for
any Interest Period for such Advances will not adequately reflect the cost to
such Required Lenders of making, funding or maintaining their respective
Eurodollar Rate Advances for such Interest Period, the Agent shall forthwith so
notify the Borrower and the Lenders, whereupon (i) each Eurodollar Rate Advance
will automatically, on the last day of the then existing Interest Period
therefor, Convert into a Base Rate Advance, and (ii) the obligation of the
Lenders to make, or to Convert Revolving Credit Advances into, Eurodollar Rate
Advances shall be suspended until the Agent shall notify the Borrower and the
Lenders that the circumstances causing such suspension no longer exist.

                    (c)         If the Borrower shall fail to select the
duration of any Interest Period for any Eurodollar Rate Advances in accordance
with the provisions contained in the definition of "Interest Period" in Section
1.01, the Agent will forthwith so notify the Borrower and the Lenders and the
Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month.

                    (d)         Upon the occurrence and during the continuance
of any Event of Default under Section 6.01(a), (i) each Eurodollar Rate Advance
will automatically, on the last day of the then existing Interest Period
therefor, Convert into a Base Rate Advance and (ii) the obligation of the
Lenders to make, or to Convert Advances into, Eurodollar Rate Advances shall be
suspended.

                    (e)         If fewer than two Reference Banks furnish
timely information to the Agent for determining the Eurodollar Rate or LIBO
Rate for any Eurodollar Rate Advances or LIBO Rate Advances, as the case may
be, the Eurodollar Rate or the LIBO Rate for such Eurodollar Rate Advance or
LIBO Rate Advance, as the case may be, shall be an interest rate per annum
determined by the Agent to be the offered rate per annum at which deposits in
U.S. dollars appears on the Telerate Page 3750 (or any successor page) as of
11:00 A.M. (London time), or in the event such offered rate is not available
from the Telerate Page,





<PAGE>   34
                                       29


                    (i)         the Agent shall forthwith notify the Borrower
               and the Lenders that the interest rate cannot be determined for
               such Eurodollar Rate Advances or LIBO Rate Advances, as the case
               may be,

                    (ii)        with respect to Eurodollar Rate Advances, each
               such Advance will automatically, on the last day of the then
               existing Interest Period therefor, Convert into a Base Rate
               Advance (or if such Advance is then a Base Rate Advance, will
               continue as a Base Rate Advance), and

                    (iii)       the obligation of the Lenders to make
               Eurodollar Rate Advances or LIBO Rate Advances or to Convert
               Revolving Credit Advances into Eurodollar Rate Advances shall be
               suspended until the Agent shall notify the Borrower and the
               Lenders that the circumstances causing such suspension no longer
               exist.

                    SECTION 2.09.  Optional Conversion of Revolving Credit
Advances.  The Borrower may on any Business Day, upon notice given to the Agent
not later than 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the third Business Day prior
to the date of the proposed Conversion and subject to the provisions of
Sections 2.08 and 2.12, Convert all Revolving Credit Advances of one Type
comprising the same Borrowing into Revolving Credit Advances of the other Type;
provided, however, that any Conversion of Base Rate Advances into Eurodollar
Rate Advances shall be in an amount not less than the minimum amount specified
in Section 2.02(b) and no Conversion of any Revolving Credit Advances shall
result in more separate Revolving Credit Borrowings than permitted under
Section 2.02(b).  Each such notice of a Conversion shall, within the
restrictions specified above, specify (i) the date of such Conversion, (ii) the
Revolving Credit Advances to be Converted, and (iii) if such Conversion is into
Eurodollar Rate Advances, the duration of the initial Interest Period for each
such Advance.  Each notice of Conversion shall be irrevocable and binding on
the Borrower.

                    SECTION 2.10.  Optional Prepayments of Revolving Credit
Advances and Swing Line Advances.  The Borrower may, in the case of Eurodollar
Rate Advances, upon at least two Business Days' notice to the Agent, and in the
case of Base Rate Advances and Swing Line Advances, upon notice to the Agent
not later than 11:00 A.M. on the date of such proposed prepayment, stating in
each case the proposed date and aggregate principal amount of the prepayment,
and if such notice is given the Borrower shall, prepay the outstanding
principal amount of the Revolving Credit Advances comprising part of the same
Revolving Credit Borrowing or Swing Line Advances comprising part of the same
Swing Line Borrowing in whole or ratably in part, together with accrued
interest to the date of such prepayment on the principal amount prepaid;
provided, however, that (x) each partial prepayment shall be in an aggregate
principal amount of $5,000,000 for any Base Rate Advance or Swing Line Advance
or $10,000,000 for any Eurodollar Rate





<PAGE>   35
                                       30

Advance or, in each case, an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof
and (y) in the event of any such prepayment of a Eurodollar Rate Advance, the
Borrower shall be obligated to reimburse the Lenders in respect thereof
pursuant to Section 8.04(c).

                    SECTION 2.11.  Increased Costs.  (a)  If, after the date
hereof, due to either (i) the introduction of or any change in or in the
interpretation of any law or regulation or (ii) the compliance with any
guideline or request from any central bank or other governmental authority
(whether or not having the force of law), there shall be any increase in the
cost to any Lender (other than in respect of Eurocurrency Liabilities) of
agreeing to make or making, funding or maintaining Eurodollar Rate Advances
(excluding for purposes of this Section 2.11 any such increased costs resulting
from (i) Taxes or Other Taxes (as to which Section 2.14 shall govern) and (ii)
changes in the basis of taxation of overall net income or overall gross income
by the United States or by the foreign jurisdiction or state under the laws of
which such Lender is organized or has its Applicable Lending Office or any
political subdivision thereof), then the Borrower shall from time to time, upon
demand by such Lender (with a copy of such demand to the Agent), pay to the
Agent for the account of such Lender additional amounts sufficient to
compensate such Lender for such increased cost.  A certificate as to the amount
of such increased cost, setting forth in reasonable detail the basis therefor
and the computation thereof, submitted to the Borrower and the Agent by such
Lender, shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest
error. Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of the Lenders shall deliver the
notice and certificate described in this Section 2.11(a) to the Borrower in
respect of any increased costs except in accordance with the internal policy of
such Lender as to the exercise of similar rights and remedies in similar
circumstances.

                    (b)         If any Lender determines that compliance with
any law or regulation or any guideline or request from any central bank or
other governmental authority (whether or not having the force of law) in either
case enacted, adopted or made after the date hereof, affects or would affect
the amount of capital required or expected to be maintained by such Lender or
any corporation controlling such Lender and that the amount of such capital is
increased by or based upon the existence of such Lender's commitment to lend
hereunder and other commitments of this type, then, upon demand by such Lender
(with a copy of such demand to the Agent), the Borrower shall pay to the Agent
for the account of such Lender, from time to time as specified by such Lender,
additional amounts sufficient to compensate such Lender or such corporation for
the reduction of the rate of return on such Lender's capital or on the capital
of such corporation, to the extent that such Lender reasonably determines such
increase in capital to be allocable to the existence of such Lender's
commitment to lend hereunder.  A certificate as to such amounts, setting forth
in reasonable detail the basis therefor and the computation thereof, submitted
to the Borrower and the Agent by such Lender shall be conclusive and binding
for all purposes, absent manifest error.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, none
of the Lenders shall deliver the notice and certificate described in this
Section 2.11(b) to the Borrower in respect of any requirements of additional
capital except in accordance with the internal policy of such Lender as to the
exercise of similar rights and remedies in similar circumstances.





<PAGE>   36
                                       31

                    (c)         If any Lender shall give notice to the Agent
and the Borrower at any time to the effect that Eurocurrency Reserve
Requirements are, or are scheduled to become, effective and that such Lender is
or will be generally subject to such Eurocurrency Reserve Requirements (without
regard to whether such Lender will be able to benefit from proration or offsets
that may be available from time to time under Regulation D) as a result of
which such Lender will incur additional costs, then such Lender shall, for each
day from the later of the date of such notice and the date on which such
Eurocurrency Reserve Requirements become effective, be entitled to additional
interest on each Eurodollar Rate Advance made by it at a rate per annum
determined for such day (rounded upward to the nearest 100th of 1%) equal to
the remainder obtained by subtracting (i) the Eurodollar Rate for such
Eurodollar Rate Advance from (ii) the rate obtained by dividing such Eurodollar
Rate by a percentage equal to 100% minus the then applicable Eurocurrency
Reserve Requirements.  Such additional interest will be payable in arrears to
the Agent, for the account of such Lender, on each date that interest is
payable on such Eurodollar Rate Advance.  Any Lender which gives a notice under
this paragraph (c) shall promptly withdraw such notice (by written notice of
withdrawal given to the Agent and the Borrower) in the event Eurocurrency
Reserve Requirements cease to apply to it or the circumstances giving rise to
such notice otherwise cease to exist.

                    (d)         Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein
contained, no Lender shall be entitled to claim any additional amounts pursuant
to this Section 2.11 arising with respect to any period of time prior to the
date that is 60 days prior to the date on which notice of such claim and the
basis therefor is first given to the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.11.

                    SECTION 2.12.  Illegality. (a) Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Agreement, if any Lender shall notify the Agent that the
introduction of or any change in or in the interpretation of any law or
regulation makes it unlawful, or any central bank or other governmental
authority asserts that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its Eurodollar Lending
Office to perform its obligations hereunder to make Eurodollar Rate Advances or
LIBO Rate Advances or to fund or maintain Eurodollar Rate Advances or LIBO Rate
Advances hereunder, (i) each Eurodollar Rate Advance or LIBO Rate Advance, as
the case may be, of such Lender will automatically, upon such demand, Convert
into a Base Rate Advance or an Advance that bears interest at the rate set
forth in Section 2.07(a)(i), as the case may be, and (ii) the obligation of
such Lender to make Eurodollar Rate Advances or LIBO Rate Advances or to
Convert Revolving Credit Advances into Eurodollar Rate Advances shall be
suspended until the Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders that the
circumstances causing such suspension no longer exist.  If any Lender shall
exercise its rights under this Section 2.12(a), all payments and prepayments of
principal which would otherwise have been applied to repay the Eurodollar Rate
Advances or LIBO Rate Advances that would have been made by such Lender or the
converted Eurodollar Rate Advances or LIBO Rate Advances of such Lender shall
instead be applied to repay the Base Rate Advances or Advances bearing interest
at the rate set forth in Section 2.07(a)(i), as the case may be, made by such
Lender in lieu of, or resulting from the conversion of, such Eurodollar Rate
Advances or LIBO Rate Advances, and all distributions of payments





<PAGE>   37
                                       32

in respect of interest shall be made to the Lenders ratably based on the
interest rates applicable to their respective Advances.

                    (b)  For purposes of this Section 2.12, a notice to the
Borrower by any Lender shall be effective as to each Eurodollar Rate Advance or
LIBO Rate Advance, if lawful, on the last day of the Interest Period currently
applicable to such Eurodollar Rate Advance or LIBO Rate Advance; in all other
cases such notice shall be effective on the date of receipt by the Borrower.

                    SECTION 2.13.  Payments and Computations.  (a)  The
Borrower shall make each payment hereunder and under the Notes not later than
12:00 noon (New York City time) on the day when due in U.S. dollars to the
Agent at the Agent's Account in same day funds. The Agent will promptly
thereafter cause to be distributed like funds relating to the payment of
principal or interest or facility fees ratably (other than amounts payable
pursuant to Section 2.03, 2.11, 2.14 or 8.04(c)) to the Lenders for the account
of their respective Applicable Lending Offices, and like funds relating to the
payment of any other amount payable to any Lender to such Lender for the
account of its Applicable Lending Office, in each case to be applied in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement.  Upon its acceptance of an
Assignment and Acceptance and recording of the information contained therein in
the Register pursuant to Section 8.07(c), from and after the effective date
specified in such Assignment and Acceptance, the Agent shall make all payments
hereunder and under the Notes in respect of the interest assigned thereby to
the Lender assignee thereunder, and the parties to such Assignment and
Acceptance shall make all appropriate adjustments in such payments for periods
prior to such effective date directly between themselves.  Upon any Assuming
Lender becoming a Lender hereunder as a result of the effectiveness of a
Commitment Increase pursuant to Section 2.05(b) and upon the Agent's receipt of
such Lender's Assumption Agreement and recording the information contained
therein in the Register, from and after the applicable Increase Date, the Agent
shall make all payments hereunder and under the Notes in respect of the
interest assumed thereby to the Assuming Lender.

                    (b)         All computations of interest based on the Base
Rate shall be made by the Agent on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as
the case may be, and all computations of interest based on the Eurodollar Rate
or the Federal Funds Rate and of facility fees shall be made by the Agent on
the basis of a year of 360 days, in each case for the actual number of days
(including the first day but excluding the last day) occurring in the period
for which such interest or facility fees are payable.  Each determination by
the Agent of an interest rate hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all
purposes, absent manifest error.

                    (c)         Whenever any payment hereunder or under the
Notes shall be stated to be due on a day other than a Business Day, such
payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day, and such extension
of time shall in such case be included in the computation of payment of
interest or facility fee, as the case may be; provided, however, that, if such





<PAGE>   38
                                       33

extension would cause payment of interest on or principal of Eurodollar Rate
Advances or LIBO Rate Advances to be made in the next following calendar month,
such payment shall be made on the next preceding Business Day.

                    (d)         Unless the Agent shall have received notice
from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Lenders
hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment in full, the Agent may
assume that the Borrower has made such payment in full to the Agent on such
date and the Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, cause to be
distributed to each Lender on such due date an amount equal to the amount then
due such Lender.  If and to the extent the Borrower shall not have so made such
payment in full to the Agent, each Lender shall repay to the Agent forthwith on
demand such amount distributed to such Lender together with interest thereon,
for each day from the date such amount is distributed to such Lender until the
date such Lender repays such amount to the Agent, at the Federal Funds Rate.

                    SECTION 2.14.  Taxes.  (a)  Any and all payments by the
Borrower hereunder or under the Notes shall be made, in accordance with Section
2.13, free and clear of and without deduction for any and all present or future
taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, charges or withholdings, and all
liabilities with respect thereto, excluding, in the case of each Lender and the
Agent, taxes imposed on its overall net income, and franchise taxes imposed on
it in lieu of net income taxes, by the jurisdiction under the laws of which
such Lender or the Agent (as the case may be) is organized or any political
subdivision thereof and, in the case of each Lender, taxes imposed on its
overall net income, and franchise taxes imposed on it in lieu of net income
taxes, by the jurisdiction of such Lender's Applicable Lending Office or any
political subdivision thereof, and further excluding, if any Lender is found as
the result of a determination (as defined in Section 1313(a) of the Internal
Revenue Code) to be a conduit entity participating in a conduit financing
arrangement as defined in Treasury Regulations promulgated under Section
7701(1) of the Internal Revenue Code, the excess of the United States taxes
imposed with respect to such Lender over the amount of United States taxes that
would have been imposed with respect to such Lender if such determination had
not been made with respect to such Lender (all such non-excluded taxes, levies,
imposts, deductions, charges, withholdings and liabilities in respect of
payments hereunder or under the Notes being hereinafter referred to as
"Taxes").  If the Borrower shall be required by law to deduct any Taxes from or
in respect of any sum payable hereunder or under any Note to any Lender or the
Agent, (i) the sum payable shall be increased as may be necessary so that after
making all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional
sums payable under this Section 2.14) such Lender or the Agent (as the case may
be) receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such
deductions been made, (ii) the Borrower shall make such deductions and (iii)
the Borrower shall pay the full amount deducted to the relevant taxation
authority or other authority in accordance with applicable law.





<PAGE>   39
                                       34

                    (b)         In addition, the Borrower agrees to pay any
present or future stamp or documentary taxes or any other excise or property
taxes, charges or similar levies that arise from any payment made hereunder or
under the Notes or from the execution, delivery or registration of, performing
under, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or the Notes (hereinafter
referred to as "Other Taxes").

                    (c)         The Borrower shall indemnify each Lender and
the Agent for the full amount of Taxes or Other Taxes (including, without
limitation, any taxes imposed by any jurisdiction on amounts payable under this
Section 2.14) imposed on or paid by such Lender or the Agent (as the case may
be) and any liability (including penalties, interest and expenses) arising
therefrom or with respect thereto.  This indemnification shall be made within
30 days from the date such Lender or the Agent (as the case may be) makes
written demand therefor.

                    (d)         Within 30 days after the date of any payment of
Taxes, the Borrower shall furnish to the Agent, at its address referred to in
Section 8.02, the original or a certified copy of a receipt evidencing payment
thereof.  In the case of any payment hereunder or under the Notes by or on
behalf of the Borrower through an account or branch outside the United States
or by or on behalf of the Borrower by a payor that is not a United States
person, if the Borrower determines that no Taxes are payable in respect
thereof, the Borrower shall furnish, or shall cause such payor to furnish, to
the Agent, at such address, an opinion of counsel acceptable to the Agent
stating that such payment is exempt from Taxes.  For purposes of this
subsection (d) and subsection (e), the terms "United States" and "United States
person" shall have the meanings specified in Section 7701 of the Internal
Revenue Code.

                    (e)         Each Lender organized under the laws of a
jurisdiction outside the United States, on or prior to the date of its
execution and delivery of this Agreement in the case of each Initial Lender and
on the date of the Assumption Agreement or the Assignment and Acceptance, as
the case may be, pursuant to which it becomes a Lender in the case of each
other Lender, and from time to time thereafter as requested in writing by the
Borrower (but only so long as such Lender remains lawfully able to do so),
shall provide each of the Agent and the Borrower with two original Internal
Revenue Service forms 1001 or 4224, as appropriate, or any successor or other
form prescribed by the Internal Revenue Service, certifying that such Lender is
exempt from or entitled to a reduced rate of United States withholding tax on
payments pursuant to this Agreement or the Notes.  If the forms provided by a
Lender at the time such Lender first becomes a party to this Agreement indicate
a United States interest withholding tax rate in excess of zero, withholding
tax at such rate shall be considered excluded from Taxes unless and until such
Lender provides the appropriate forms certifying that a lesser rate applies,
whereupon withholding tax at such lesser rate only shall be considered excluded
from Taxes for periods governed by such forms; provided, however, that, if at
the date of the Assumption Agreement or the Assignment and Acceptance, as the
case may be, pursuant to which a Lender assignee becomes a party to this
Agreement, the Lender assignor was entitled to payments under subsection (a) in
respect of United States withholding tax with respect to interest paid at such





<PAGE>   40
                                       35

date, then, to such extent, the term Taxes shall include (in addition to
withholding taxes that may be imposed in the future or other amounts otherwise
includable in Taxes) United States withholding tax, if any, applicable with
respect to the Lender assignee on such date.  If any form or document referred
to in this subsection (e) requires the disclosure of information, other than
information necessary to compute the tax payable and information required on
the date hereof by Internal Revenue Service form 1001 or 4224, that the Lender
reasonably considers to be confidential, the Lender shall give notice thereof
to the Borrower and shall not be obligated to include in such form or document
such confidential information.

                    (f)         For any period with respect to which a Lender
has failed to provide the Borrower with the appropriate form described in
Section 2.14(e) (other than if such failure is due to a change in law occurring
subsequent to the date on which a form originally was required to be provided,
or if such form otherwise is not required under the first sentence of
subsection (e) above), such Lender shall not be entitled to indemnification
under Section 2.14(a) or (c) with respect to Taxes imposed by the United States
by reason of such failure; provided, however, that should a Lender become
subject to Taxes because of its failure to deliver a form required hereunder,
the Borrower shall take such steps as the Lender shall reasonably request to
assist the Lender to recover such Taxes.

                    (g)         Any Lender claiming any additional amounts
payable pursuant to this Section 2.14 agrees to use reasonable efforts
(consistent with its internal policy and legal and regulatory restrictions) to
change the jurisdiction of its Eurodollar Lending Office if the making of such
a change would avoid the need for, or reduce the amount of, any additional
amounts that may thereafter accrue and would not, in the reasonable judgment of
such Lender, be otherwise disadvantageous to such Lender.

                    SECTION 2.15.  Sharing of Payments, Etc.  If any Lender
shall obtain any payment (whether voluntary, involuntary, through the exercise
of any right of set-off, or otherwise) on account of the Revolving Credit
Advances or Swing Line Advances owing to it (other than pursuant to Section
2.11, 2.14 or 8.04(c)) in excess of its ratable share of payments on account of
the Revolving Credit Advances or Swing Line Advances obtained by all the
Lenders, such Lender shall forthwith purchase from the other Lenders such
participations in the Revolving Credit Advances or Swing Line Advances owing to
them as shall be necessary to cause such purchasing Lender to share the excess
payment ratably with each of them; provided, however, that if all or any
portion of such excess payment is thereafter recovered from such purchasing
Lender, such purchase from each Lender shall be rescinded and such Lender shall
repay to the purchasing Lender the purchase price to the extent of such
recovery together with an amount equal to such Lender's ratable share
(according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such Lender's required
repayment to (ii) the total amount so recovered from the purchasing Lender) of
any interest or other amount paid or payable by the purchasing Lender in
respect of the total amount so recovered.  The Borrower agrees that any Lender
so purchasing a participation from another Lender pursuant to this Section 2.15
may, to the fullest extent





<PAGE>   41
                                       36

permitted by law, exercise all its rights of payment (including the right of
set-off) with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were the
direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation.

                    SECTION 2.16.  Use of Proceeds.  The proceeds of the
Advances shall be available (and the Borrower agrees that it shall use such
proceeds) for general corporate purposes of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries,
including acquisitions and stock repurchases.


                                  ARTICLE III

                    CONDITIONS TO EFFECTIVENESS AND LENDING

                    SECTION 3.01.  Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness of
Sections 2.01 and 2.03. Sections 2.01 and 2.03 of this Agreement shall become
effective on and as of the first date (the "Effective Date") on which the
following conditions precedent have been satisfied:

                    (a)         The Borrower shall have paid all accrued fees
               and expenses of the Agent and the Lenders (including the accrued
               fees and expenses of counsel to the Agent).

                    (b)         On the Effective Date, the following statements
               shall be true and the Agent shall have received for the account
               of each Lender a certificate signed by a duly authorized officer
               of the Borrower, dated the Effective Date, stating that:

                                (i)  The representations and warranties 
                    contained in Section 4.01 are correct in all material 
                    respects on and as of the Effective Date, and

                                (ii) No event has occurred and is continuing 
                    that constitutes a Default.

                    (c)         The Agent shall have received on or before the
               Effective Date the following, each dated such day, in form and
               substance satisfactory to the Agent and (except for the
               Revolving Credit Notes) in sufficient copies for each Lender:

                                (i)  The Revolving Credit Notes to the order of
                    the Lenders, respectively.

                                (ii) Certified copies of the resolutions of the
                    Board of Directors of the Borrower approving this Agreement
                    and the Notes, and of all documents evidencing other
                    necessary corporate action and governmental approvals, if
                    any, with respect to this Agreement and the Notes.





<PAGE>   42
                                       37

                                (iii) A certificate of the Secretary or an
                    Assistant Secretary of the Borrower certifying the names
                    and true signatures of the officers of the Borrower
                    authorized to sign this Agreement and the Notes and the
                    other documents to be delivered hereunder.

                                (iv)  A favorable opinion of Diana M. Daniels,
                    general counsel for the Borrower, substantially in the form
                    of Exhibit E hereto and as to such other matters as any
                    Lender through the Agent may reasonably request.

                                (v)   A favorable opinion of Shearman & 
                    Sterling, counsel for the Agent, in form and substance 
                    satisfactory to the Agent.

                    SECTION 3.02.  Conditions Precedent to Each Revolving
Credit Borrowing and Each Swing Line Borrowing.  The obligation of each Lender
to make an Advance on the occasion of each Borrowing (other than a Swing Line
Advance made by a Lender pursuant to Section 2.02(b) and other than a
Competitive Bid Advance) shall be subject to the conditions precedent that the
Effective Date shall have occurred and on the date of such Borrowing the
following statements shall be true (and each of the giving of the applicable
Notice of Revolving Credit Borrowing, a Notice of Swing Line Borrowing and the
acceptance by the Borrower of the proceeds of such Revolving Credit Borrowing
or such Swing Line Borrowing shall constitute a representation and warranty by
the Borrower that on the date of such Borrowing such statements are true):

                    (a)         the representations and warranties contained in
               Section 4.01 are correct in all material respects on and as of
               the date of such Revolving Credit Borrowing or Swing Line
               Borrowing, as the case may be, before and after giving effect to
               such Revolving Credit Borrowing or Swing Line Borrowing, as the
               case may be, and to the application of the proceeds therefrom,
               as though made on and as of such date except to the extent such
               representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier
               date, and

                    (b)         no event has occurred and is continuing, or
               would result from such Revolving Credit Borrowing or Swing Line
               Borrowing, as the case may be, or from the application of the
               proceeds therefrom, that constitutes a Default.

                    SECTION 3.03.  Conditions Precedent to Each Competitive Bid
Borrowing.  The obligation of each Lender that is to make a Competitive Bid
Advance on the occasion of a Competitive Bid Borrowing to make such Competitive
Bid Advance as part of such Competitive Bid Borrowing is subject to the
conditions precedent that (i) the Agent shall have received the written
confirmatory Notice of Competitive Bid Borrowing with respect thereto,  (ii) on
or before the date of such Competitive Bid Borrowing, but prior to such
Competitive Bid Borrowing, the Agent shall have received a Competitive Bid Note
payable to the order of such Lender for each of the one or more Competitive Bid
Advances to be made by such Lender as





<PAGE>   43
                                       38

part of such Competitive Bid Borrowing, in a principal amount equal to the
principal amount of the Competitive Bid Advance to be evidenced thereby and
otherwise on such terms as were agreed to for such Competitive Bid Advance in
accordance with Section 2.03, and (iii) on the date of such Competitive Bid
Borrowing the following statements shall be true (and each of the giving of the
applicable Notice of Competitive Bid Borrowing and the acceptance by the
Borrower of the proceeds of such Competitive Bid Borrowing shall constitute a
representation and warranty by the Borrower that on the date of such
Competitive Bid Borrowing such statements are true):

                    (a)         the representations and warranties contained in
               Section 4.01 are correct in all material respects on and as of
               the date of such Competitive Bid Borrowing, before and after
               giving effect to such Competitive Bid Borrowing and to the
               application of the proceeds therefrom, as though made on and as
               of such date, and

                    (b)         no event has occurred and is continuing, or
               would result from such Competitive Bid Borrowing or from the
               application of the proceeds therefrom, that constitutes a
               Default.

                    SECTION 3.04.  Determinations Under Section 3.01. For
purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in Section
3.01, each Lender shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or
to be satisfied with each document or other matter required thereunder to be
consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to the Lenders unless
an officer of the Agent responsible for the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the date that
the Borrower, by notice to the Lenders, designates as the proposed Effective
Date, specifying its objection thereto.  The Agent shall promptly notify the
Lenders and the Borrower of the occurrence of the Effective Date.


                                   ARTICLE IV

                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

                    SECTION 4.01.  Representations and Warranties of the
Borrower.  The Borrower represents and warrants as follows:

                    (a)         The Borrower is a corporation duly organized,
               validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
               State of Delaware.

                    (b)         The execution, delivery and performance by the
               Borrower of this Agreement and the Notes, and the consummation
               of the transactions contemplated hereby, are within the
               Borrower's corporate powers, have been duly authorized by all





<PAGE>   44
                                       39

               necessary corporate action, and do not contravene (i) the
               Borrower's charter or by-laws or (ii) law or any contractual
               restriction binding on or affecting the Borrower.

                    (c)         No authorization or approval or other action
               by, and no notice to or filing with, any governmental authority
               or regulatory body or any other third party is required for the
               due execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this
               Agreement or the Notes.

                    (d)         This Agreement has been, and each of the Notes
               when delivered hereunder will have been, duly executed and
               delivered by the Borrower.  This Agreement is, and each of the
               Notes when delivered hereunder will be, the legal, valid and
               binding obligation of the Borrower enforceable against the
               Borrower in accordance with their respective terms.

                    (e)         The Consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower
               and its Subsidiaries as at January 1, 1995, and the related
               Consolidated statements of income and cash flows of the Borrower
               and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year then ended, accompanied
               by an opinion of Price Waterhouse LLP, independent public
               accountants, and the Consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower
               and its Subsidiaries as at October 1, 1995, and the related
               Consolidated statements of income and cash flows of the Borrower
               and its Subsidiaries for the nine months then ended, duly
               certified by the chief financial officer of the Borrower, copies
               of which have been furnished to each Lender, fairly present,
               subject, in the case of said balance sheet as at October 1,
               1995, and said statements of income and cash flows for the nine
               months then ended, to year-end audit adjustments, the
               Consolidated financial condition of the Borrower and its
               Subsidiaries as at such date and the Consolidated results of the
               operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the periods
               ended on such dates, all in accordance with generally accepted
               accounting principles consistently applied.  Between January 1,
               1995 and the date hereof, there has been no Material Adverse
               Change.

                    (f)         There is no pending or threatened action, suit,
               investigation, litigation or proceeding, including, without
               limitation, any Environmental Action, affecting the Borrower or
               any of its Subsidiaries before any court, governmental agency or
               arbitrator that (i) is pending or threatened on the date hereof
               and is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect or
               (ii) purports to affect the legality, validity or enforceability
               of this Agreement or any Note or the consummation of the
               transactions contemplated hereby.

                    (g)         The Borrower is not, and immediately after the
               application by the Borrower of the proceeds of each Advance will
               not be an "investment company" within the meaning of the
               Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.





<PAGE>   45
                                       40

                    (h)         After giving effect to the application of the
               proceeds of each Advance, not more than 25% of the value of the
               assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (as determined in
               good faith by the Borrower) subject to the provisions of Section
               5.02(a) or subject to any restriction contained in any agreement
               or instrument between the Borrower and any Lender or any
               Affiliate of any Lender relating to Debt and within the scope of
               Section 6.01(d) will consist of or be represented by Margin
               Stock.


                                   ARTICLE V

                           COVENANTS OF THE BORROWER

                    SECTION 5.01.  Affirmative Covenants.  So long as any
Advance shall remain unpaid or any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder,
the Borrower will:

                    (a)         Compliance with Laws, Etc.  Comply, and cause
               each of its Subsidiaries to comply, in all material respects,
               with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and orders, such
               compliance to include, without limitation, compliance with ERISA
               and Environmental Laws, except to the extent that any failures
               to so comply, individually or in the aggregate, would not be
               reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect; provided,
               however, that neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries
               shall be required to comply with any law, rule, regulation or
               order to the extent it is being contested in good faith and by
               proper proceedings and as to which appropriate reserves are
               being maintained.

                    (b)         Payment of Taxes, Etc.  Pay and discharge, and
               cause each of its Subsidiaries to pay and discharge, before the
               same shall become delinquent, all material taxes, assessments
               and governmental charges or levies imposed upon it or upon its
               property; provided, however, that neither the Borrower nor any
               of its Subsidiaries shall be required to pay or discharge any
               such tax, assessment, charge or claim that is being contested in
               good faith and by proper proceedings and as to which appropriate
               reserves are being maintained.

                    (c)         Maintenance of Insurance.  Maintain, and cause
               each of its Significant Subsidiaries to maintain, insurance with
               responsible and reputable insurance companies or associations in
               such amounts and covering such risks as is usually carried by
               companies engaged in similar businesses and owning similar
               properties in the same general areas in which the Borrower or
               such Significant Subsidiary operates.

                    (d)         Preservation of Corporate Existence, Etc.
               Preserve and maintain its corporate existence, rights (charter
               and statutory) and franchises if the loss or failure to maintain
               the same could, individually or in the aggregate, be reasonably
               likely to have





<PAGE>   46
                                       41

               a Material Adverse Effect; provided, however, that the Borrower
               may consummate any merger or consolidation permitted under
               Section 5.02(b).

                    (e)         Visitation Rights.  At any reasonable time and
               from time to time on reasonable notice and at reasonable
               intervals, permit the Agent or any of the Lenders, or any agents
               or representatives thereof, to visit the properties of the
               Borrower and any of its Subsidiaries and to discuss the affairs,
               finances and accounts of the Borrower and any of its
               Subsidiaries with any of their officers or directors and, during
               the continuance of any Default, to examine and make copies of
               and abstracts from the records and books of account of the
               Borrower and any of its Subsidiaries and to discuss the affairs,
               finances and accounts of the Borrower and any of its
               Subsidiaries with their independent certified public
               accountants.

                    (f)         Keeping of Books.  Keep, and cause each of its
               Subsidiaries to keep, proper books of record and account, in
               which entries shall be made of all financial transactions and
               the assets and business of the Borrower and each such Subsidiary
               in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in
               effect from time to time.

                    (g)         Maintenance of Properties, Etc.  Maintain and
               preserve, and cause each of its Significant Subsidiaries to
               maintain and preserve, all of its properties that are used or
               useful in the conduct of its business in good working order and
               condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, except to the extent
               that any failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate,
               would not be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse
               Effect.

                    (h)         Primary Business.  The Borrower shall continue
               to be engaged primarily in lines of business as carried on at
               the date hereof or lines of business related thereto.

                    (i)         Reporting Requirements.  Furnish to the
               Lenders:

                                (i) as soon as available and in any event within
                    55 days after the end of each of the first three quarters
                    of each fiscal year of the Borrower, the Consolidated
                    balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of
                    the end of such quarter and Consolidated statements of
                    income and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
                    for the period commencing at the end of the previous fiscal
                    year and ending with the end of such quarter, duly
                    certified (subject to year-end audit adjustments) by the
                    chief financial officer of the Borrower as having been
                    prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting
                    principles and certificates of the chief financial officer
                    of the Borrower as to compliance with the terms of this
                    Agreement, provided that in the event of any change in GAAP
                    used in the preparation of such financial statements, the
                    Borrower shall also provide, if necessary for the
                    determination of compliance





<PAGE>   47
                                       42

                    with Section 5.03, a statement of reconciliation conforming
                    such financial statements to GAAP;

                                (ii)  as soon as available and in any event
                    within 105 days after the end of each fiscal year of the
                    Borrower, a copy of the annual audit report for such year
                    for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, containing the
                    Consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its
                    Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal year and
                    Consolidated statements of income and cash flows of the
                    Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such fiscal year, in each
                    case accompanied by an opinion by Price Waterhouse LLP or
                    other independent public accountants of recognized national
                    standing, provided that in the event of any change in GAAP
                    used in the preparation of such financial statements, the
                    Borrower shall also provide, if necessary for the
                    determination of compliance with Section 5.03, a statement
                    of reconciliation conforming such financial statements to
                    GAAP;

                                (iii) as soon as possible and in any event
                    within seven days after the occurrence of each Default
                    continuing on the date of such statement, a statement of
                    the chief financial officer of the Borrower setting forth
                    details of such Default and the action that the Borrower
                    has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto;

                                (iv)  promptly after the sending or filing
                    thereof, copies of all quarterly and annual reports and
                    proxy solicitations that the Borrower sends to its public
                    securityholders generally, and copies of all reports on
                    Form 8-K and registration statements for the public
                    offering (other than pursuant to employee Plans) of
                    securities that the Borrower files with the Securities and
                    Exchange Commission or any national securities exchange;

                                (v)   promptly after the commencement thereof,
                    notice of all actions and proceedings before any court,
                    governmental agency or arbitrator affecting the Borrower or
                    any of its Subsidiaries of the type described in Section
                    4.01(f); and

                                (vi)  such other information respecting the
                    Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries as any Lender through
                    the Agent may from time to time reasonably request.

                    SECTION 5.02.  Negative Covenants.  So long as any Advance
shall remain unpaid or any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, the
Borrower will not:

                    (a)         Liens, Etc.  Create or suffer to exist, or
               permit any of its Subsidiaries to create or suffer to exist, any
               Lien on or with respect to any of its properties (which for
               purposes of this subsection (a) shall be deemed not to include
               shares of the Borrower's





<PAGE>   48
                                       43

               capital stock), whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or
               assign, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to assign, any right
               to receive income, other than:

                                (i)   Permitted Liens,

                                (ii)  purchase money Liens upon or in any real
                    property or equipment acquired or held by the Borrower or
                    any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business to secure
                    the purchase price of such property or equipment or to
                    secure Debt incurred solely for the purpose of financing
                    the acquisition of such property or equipment, or Liens
                    existing on such property or equipment at the time of its
                    acquisition (other than any such Liens created in
                    contemplation of such acquisition that were not incurred to
                    finance the acquisition of such property) or extensions,
                    renewals or replacements of any of the foregoing for the
                    same or a lesser amount, provided, however, that no such
                    Lien shall extend to or cover any properties of any
                    character other than the real property or equipment being
                    acquired (or, in the case of improvements to real property,
                    the real property being improved), and no such extension,
                    renewal or replacement shall extend to or cover any
                    properties not theretofore subject to the Lien being
                    extended, renewed or replaced,

                                (iii) the Liens existing on the Effective Date
                    and described on Schedule 5.02(a) hereto,

                                (iv)  Liens securing Debt payable to the
                    Borrower,

                                (v)   other Liens securing Debt in an aggregate
                    principal amount not to exceed at any time outstanding an
                    amount equal to 20% of Consolidated Shareholders' Equity,
                    and

                                (vi)  the replacement, extension or renewal of
                    any Lien permitted by clause (iii) above upon or in the
                    same property theretofore subject thereto or the
                    replacement, extension or renewal (without increase in the
                    amount) of the Debt secured thereby.

                    (b)         Mergers, Etc.  Merge or consolidate with or
               into, or convey, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of
               (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all
               or substantially all of its assets (whether now owned or
               hereafter acquired) to, any Person, provided that the Borrower
               may merge or consolidate with any other Person so long as the
               Borrower is the surviving corporation and provided further that
               no Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of
               such proposed transaction or would result therefrom.





<PAGE>   49
                                       44

                    (c)         Accounting Changes.  Make or permit, or permit
               any of its Subsidiaries to make or permit, any change in
               accounting policies or reporting practices, except as permitted
               by generally accepted accounting principles and, in the case of
               any significant change, concurred with by the Borrower's
               independent public accountants.

                    SECTION 5.03.  Financial Covenant.  So long as any Advance
shall remain unpaid or any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, the
Borrower will maintain Consolidated Shareholders' Equity of not less than
$850,000,000.


                                   ARTICLE VI

                               EVENTS OF DEFAULT

                    SECTION 6.01.  Events of Default.  If any of the following
events ("Events of Default") shall occur and be continuing:

                    (a)         The Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of
               any Advance when the same becomes due and payable (or, if any
               such failure is due solely to technical or administrative
               difficulties relating to the transfer of such principal payment,
               within two Business Days after the same becomes due and
               payable); or the Borrower shall fail to pay any interest on any
               Advance or make any other payment of fees or other amounts
               payable under this Agreement or any Note within three Business
               Days after the same becomes due and payable; or

                    (b)         Any representation or warranty made by the
               Borrower herein or by the Borrower (or any of its officers) in
               connection with this Agreement shall prove to have been
               incorrect in any material respect when made; or

                    (c)         (i) The Borrower shall fail to perform or
               observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in Section
               5.01(d) or (i)(iii), 5.02 or 5.03, or (ii) the Borrower shall
               fail to perform or observe any other term, covenant or agreement
               contained in this Agreement on its part to be performed or
               observed if such failure shall remain unremedied for 20 days
               after written notice thereof shall have been given to the
               Borrower by the Agent or any Lender; or

                    (d)         The Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall
               fail to pay any principal of or premium or interest on any Debt
               (other than Non-Recourse Debt) that is outstanding in a
               principal amount of at least $40,000,000 in the aggregate (but
               excluding Debt outstanding hereunder) of the Borrower or such
               Subsidiary (as the case may be), when the same becomes due and
               payable (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment,
               acceleration, demand or otherwise), and such failure shall
               continue after the applicable





<PAGE>   50
                                       45

               grace period, if any, specified in the agreement or instrument
               relating to such Debt; or any other event shall occur or
               condition shall exist under any agreement or instrument relating
               to any such Debt and shall continue after the applicable grace
               period, if any, specified in such agreement or instrument, if
               the effect of such event or condition is to accelerate, or to
               permit the acceleration of, the maturity of such Debt; or

                    (e)         The Borrower or any of its Significant
               Subsidiaries shall generally not pay its debts as such debts
               become due, or shall admit in writing its inability to pay its
               debts generally, or shall make a general assignment for the
               benefit of creditors; or any proceeding shall be instituted by
               or against the Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries
               seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking
               liquidation, winding up, reorganization, arrangement,
               adjustment, protection, relief, or composition of it or its
               debts under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or
               reorganization or relief of debtors, or seeking the entry of an
               order for relief or the appointment of a receiver, trustee,
               custodian or other similar official for it or for any
               substantial part of its property and, in the case of any such
               proceeding instituted against it (but not instituted by it),
               either such proceeding shall remain undismissed or unstayed for
               a period of 60 days, or in such proceeding the entry of an order
               for relief against, or the appointment of a receiver, trustee,
               custodian or other similar official for, it or for any
               substantial part of its property shall occur; or the Borrower or
               any of its Significant Subsidiaries shall take any corporate
               action to authorize any of the actions set forth above in this
               subsection (e); or

                    (f)         Any judgment or order of a court of competent
               jurisdiction for the payment of money in excess of $20,000,000
               shall be rendered against the Borrower or any of its Significant
               Subsidiaries and either (i) enforcement proceedings shall have
               been legally commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or
               order or (ii) there shall be any period of 60 consecutive days
               during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment or order, by
               reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, shall not be in effect
               provided, however, that any such judgment or order shall not be
               an Event of Default under this Section 6.01(f) if and for so
               long as (x) the amount of such judgment or order is covered by a
               valid and binding policy of insurance between the defendant and
               the insurer covering payment thereof and (y) such insurer, which
               shall be rated at least "A-" by A.M. Best Company, has been
               notified of, and has not disputed the claim made for payment of,
               the amount of such judgment or order; or

                    (g)         (i) Any Person or two or more Persons acting in
               concert (other than the Graham Interests) shall have acquired
               beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 of the
               Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange
               Act of 1934), directly or indirectly, of Voting Stock of the
               Borrower (or other securities convertible into such Voting
               Stock) representing 30% or more of the combined voting power of
               all Voting Stock of the Borrower and such combined voting power
               exceeds the





<PAGE>   51
                                       46

               then current voting power of the Voting Stock of the Borrower
               (or other securities convertible into such Voting Stock)
               controlled by the Graham Interests; or (ii) Continuing Directors
               of the Borrower shall cease for any reason to constitute a
               majority of the board of directors of the Borrower; or

                    (h)         The Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates
               shall incur liability as a result of one or more of the
               following:  (i) the occurrence of any ERISA Event; (ii) the
               partial or complete withdrawal of the Borrower or any of its
               ERISA Affiliates from a Multiemployer Plan; or (iii) the
               reorganization or termination of a Multiemployer Plan; and, in
               the reasonable opinion of the Required Lenders, such incurrence
               would be likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect, provided
               that any such liability in an amount not to exceed $20,000,000
               shall be deemed not to be likely to result in a Material Adverse
               Effect;

then, and in any such event, the Agent (i) shall at the request, or may with
the consent, of the Required Lenders, by notice to the Borrower, declare the
obligation of each Lender to make Advances to be terminated, whereupon the same
shall forthwith terminate, and (ii) shall at the request, or may with the
consent, of the Required Lenders, by notice to the Borrower, declare the Notes,
all interest thereon and all other amounts payable under this Agreement to be
forthwith due and payable, whereupon the Notes, all such interest and all such
amounts shall become and be forthwith due and payable, without presentment,
demand, protest or further notice of any kind, all of which are hereby
expressly waived by the Borrower; provided, however, that in the event of an
actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to the Borrower
under the Federal Bankruptcy Code, (A) the obligation of each Lender to make
Advances shall automatically be terminated and (B) the Notes, all such interest
and all such amounts shall automatically become and be due and payable, without
presentment, demand, protest or any notice of any kind, all of which are hereby
expressly waived by the Borrower.

                                  ARTICLE VII

                                   THE AGENT

                    SECTION 7.01.  Authorization and Action.  Each Lender
hereby appoints and authorizes the Agent to take such action as agent on its
behalf and to exercise such powers and discretion under this Agreement as are
delegated to the Agent by the terms hereof, together with such powers and
discretion as are reasonably incidental thereto.  As to any matters not
expressly provided for by this Agreement (including, without limitation,
enforcement or collection of the Notes), the Agent shall not be required to
exercise any discretion or take any action, but shall be required to act or to
refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in so acting or refraining
from acting) upon the instructions of the Required Lenders, and such
instructions shall be binding upon all Lenders and all holders of Notes;
provided, however, that the Agent shall not





<PAGE>   52
                                       47

be required to take any action that exposes the Agent to personal liability or
that is contrary to this Agreement or applicable law.  The Agent agrees to give
to each Lender prompt notice of each notice given to it by the Borrower
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

                    SECTION 7.02.  Agent's Reliance, Etc.  Neither the Agent
nor any of its directors, officers, agents or employees shall be liable for any
action taken or omitted to be taken by it or them under or in connection with
this Agreement, except for its or their own gross negligence or willful
misconduct.  Without limitation of the generality of the foregoing, the Agent:
(i) may treat the payee of any Note as the holder thereof until the Agent
receives and accepts an Assignment and Acceptance entered into by the Lender
that is the payee of such Note, as assignor, and an Eligible Assignee, as
assignee, as provided in Section 8.07; (ii) may consult with legal counsel
(including counsel for the Borrower), independent public accountants and other
experts selected by it and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted
to be taken in good faith by it in accordance with  the advice of such counsel,
accountants or experts; (iii) makes no warranty or representation to any Lender
and shall not be responsible to any Lender for any statements, warranties or
representations (whether written or oral) made in or in connection with this
Agreement; (iv) shall not have any duty to ascertain or to inquire as to the
performance or observance of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of this
Agreement on the part of the Borrower or to inspect the property (including the
books and records) of the Borrower; (v) shall not be responsible to any Lender
for the due execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness,
sufficiency or value of this Agreement or any other instrument or document
furnished pursuant hereto; and (vi) shall incur no liability under or in
respect of this Agreement by acting upon any notice, consent, certificate or
other instrument or writing (which may be by telecopier, telegram or telex)
reasonably believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent by the proper party
or parties.

                    SECTION 7.03.  Citibank and Affiliates.  With respect to
its Commitment, the Advances made by it and the Note issued to it, Citibank
shall have the same rights and powers under this Agreement as any other Lender
and may exercise the same as though it were not the Agent; and the term
"Lender" or "Lenders" shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated, include
Citibank in its individual capacity.  Citibank and its Affiliates may accept
deposits from, lend money to, act as trustee under indentures of, accept
investment banking engagements from and generally engage in any kind of
business with, the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries and any Person who may do
business with or own securities of the Borrower or any such Subsidiary, all as
if Citibank were not the Agent and without any duty to account therefor to the
Lenders.

                    SECTION 7.04.  Lender Credit Decision.  Each Lender
acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Agent or
any other Lender and based on the financial statements referred to in Section
4.01 and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate,
made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each
Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon
the Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it
shall deem appropriate





<PAGE>   53
                                       48

at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking
action under this Agreement.

                    SECTION 7.05.  Indemnification.  The Lenders agree to
indemnify the Agent (to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrower), ratably
according to the respective principal amounts of the Revolving Credit Notes
then held by each of them (or if no Revolving Credit Notes are at the time
outstanding or if any Revolving Credit Notes are held by Persons that are not
Lenders, ratably according to the respective amounts of their Commitments),
from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages,
penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any
kind or nature whatsoever that may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted
against the Agent in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or
any action taken or omitted by the Agent under this Agreement, provided that no
Lender shall be liable for any portion of such liabilities, obligations,
losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or
disbursements resulting from the Agent's gross negligence or willful
misconduct.  Without limitation of the foregoing, each Lender agrees to
reimburse the Agent promptly upon demand for its ratable share of any
out-of-pocket expenses (including counsel fees) incurred by the Agent in
connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, administration,
modification, amendment or enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal
proceedings or otherwise) of, or legal advice in respect of rights or
responsibilities under, this Agreement, to the extent that the Agent is not
reimbursed for such expenses by the Borrower.

                    SECTION 7.06.  Successor Agent.  The Agent may resign at
any time by giving written notice thereof to the Lenders and the Borrower and
may be removed at any time with or without cause by the Required Lenders.  Upon
any such resignation or removal, the Required Lenders shall have the right to
appoint a successor Agent.  If no successor Agent shall have been so appointed
by the Required Lenders, and shall have accepted such appointment, within 30
days after the retiring Agent's giving of notice of resignation or the Required
Lenders' removal of the retiring Agent, then the retiring Agent may, on behalf
of the Lenders, appoint a successor Agent, which shall be a commercial bank
organized under the laws of the United States of America or of any State
thereof and having a combined capital and surplus of at least $500,000,000.
Upon the acceptance of any appointment as Agent hereunder by a successor Agent,
such successor Agent shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the
rights, powers, discretion, privileges and duties of the retiring Agent, and
the retiring Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under
this Agreement.  After any retiring Agent's resignation or removal hereunder as
Agent, the provisions of this Article VII shall inure to its benefit as to any
actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Agent under this
Agreement.

                    SECTION 7.07.  Co-Agent.  Wachovia has been designated as
Co-Agent in recognition of its Commitment, and the use of such title does not
impose on Wachovia any duties or obligations greater than those of any other
Lender.





<PAGE>   54
                                       49

                                  ARTICLE VIII

                                 MISCELLANEOUS

                    SECTION 8.01.  Amendments, Etc.  No amendment or waiver of
any provision of this Agreement or the Revolving Credit Notes, nor consent to
any departure by the Borrower therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless
the same shall be in writing and signed by the Required Lenders, and then such
waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the
specific purpose for which given; provided, however, that no amendment, waiver
or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by all the Lenders, do any of
the following: (a) waive any of the conditions specified in Section 3.01, (b)
increase the Commitments of the Lenders other than as provided in Section
2.05(b), (c) reduce the principal of, or interest on, the Revolving Credit
Notes or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder, (d) postpone any date
fixed for any payment of principal of, or interest on, the Revolving Credit
Notes or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder, (e) change the percentage
of the Commitments or of the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Revolving
Credit Notes that shall be required for the Lenders or any of them to take any
action hereunder or (f) amend this Section 8.01; provided further that no
amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by each Swing
Line Bank, in addition to the Lenders required above to take such action,
affect the rights or obligations of the Swing Line Banks under this Agreement;
and provided further that no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in
writing and signed by the Agent in addition to the Lenders required above to
take such action, affect the rights or duties of the Agent under this Agreement
or any Note.

                    SECTION 8.02.  Notices, Etc.  All notices and other
communications provided for hereunder shall be in writing (including
telecopier, telegraphic or telex communication) and telecopied, telegraphed,
telexed or delivered, if to the Borrower, at its address at 1150 15th Street,
N.W., Washington, D.C. 20071, Attention:  Treasurer; if to any Initial Lender,
at its Domestic Lending Office specified opposite its name on Schedule I
hereto; if to any other Lender, at its Domestic Lending Office specified in the
Assumption Agreement or the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which it
became a Lender; and if to the Agent, at its address at 1 Court Square, Long
Island City, New York 11120, Attention: Bruce MacKenzie; or, as to the Borrower
or the Agent, at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a
written notice to the other parties and, as to each other party, at such other
address as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to the
Borrower and the Agent.  All such notices and communications shall, when hand
delivered, telecopied, telegraphed or telexed, be effective when received.
Delivery by telecopier of an executed counterpart of any amendment or waiver of
any provision of this Agreement or the Notes or of any Exhibit hereto to be
executed and delivered hereunder shall be effective as delivery of a manually
executed counterpart thereof.





<PAGE>   55
                                       50

                    SECTION 8.03.  No Waiver; Remedies.  No failure on the part
of any Lender or the Agent to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right
hereunder or under any Note shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any
single or partial exercise of any such right preclude any other or further
exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right.  The remedies herein
provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law.

                    SECTION 8.04.  Costs and Expenses.  (a)  The Borrower
agrees to pay on demand all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses of the
Agent in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, administration,
modification and amendment of this Agreement, the Notes and the other documents
to be delivered hereunder, including, without limitation, (A) all due
diligence, syndication (including printing, distribution and bank meetings),
transportation and duplication expenses, and (B) the reasonable fees and
expenses of counsel for the Agent with respect thereto and with respect to
advising the Agent as to its rights and responsibilities under this Agreement.
The Borrower further agrees to pay on demand all reasonable out-of-pocket costs
and expenses of the Agent and the Lenders, if any (including, without
limitation, reasonable counsel fees and expenses), in connection with the
enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of
this Agreement, the Notes and the other documents to be delivered hereunder,
including, without limitation, reasonable fees and expenses of counsel for the
Agent and each Lender in connection with the enforcement of rights under this
Section 8.04(a).

                    (b)         The Borrower agrees to indemnify and hold
harmless the Agent and each Lender and each of their Affiliates and their
officers, directors, employees, agents and advisors (each, an "Indemnified
Party") from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, liabilities and
expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable fees and expenses of
counsel) that may be incurred by or asserted or awarded against any Indemnified
Party, in each case arising out of or in connection with or by reason of, or in
connection with the preparation for a defense of, any investigation, litigation
or proceeding arising out of, related to or in connection with the Notes, this
Agreement, any of the transactions contemplated herein or the actual or
proposed use of the proceeds of the Advances, whether or not such
investigation, litigation or proceeding is brought by the Borrower, its
directors, shareholders or creditors or an Indemnified Party or any other
Person or any Indemnified Party is otherwise a party thereto and whether or not
the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated, except to the extent such
claim, damage, loss, liability or expense is found in a final, non-appealable
judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from such
Indemnified Party's gross negligence or willful misconduct or breach of its
obligations under this Agreement.

                    (c)         If any payment of principal of, or Conversion
of, any Eurodollar Rate Advance or LIBO Rate Advance is made by the Borrower to
or for the account of a Lender other than on the last day of the Interest
Period for such Advance, as a result of a payment or Conversion pursuant to
Section 2.08(d) or (e), 2.09, 2.10 or 2.12, acceleration of the maturity of the
Notes pursuant to Section 6.01 or for any other reason, or by an Eligible
Assignee to a





<PAGE>   56
                                       51

Lender other than on the last day of an Interest Period for such Advance upon
an assignment of rights and obligations under this Agreement pursuant to
Section 8.07 as a result of a demand by the Borrower pursuant to Section
8.07(a), the Borrower shall, upon demand by such Lender (with a copy of such
demand to the Agent), pay to the Agent for the account of such Lender any
amounts required to compensate such Lender for any additional losses, costs or
expenses that it may reasonably incur as a result of such payment or
Conversion, including, without limitation, any loss (excluding loss of
anticipated profits), cost or expense incurred by reason of the liquidation or
reemployment of deposits or other funds acquired by any Lender to fund or
maintain such Advance.

                    (d)         Without prejudice to the survival of any other
agreement of the Borrower hereunder, the agreements and obligations of the
Borrower contained in Sections 2.11, 2.14 and 8.04 shall survive the payment in
full of principal, interest and all other amounts payable hereunder and under
the Notes.

                    SECTION 8.05.  Right of Set-off.  Upon (i) the occurrence
and during the continuance of any Event of Default and (ii) the making of the
request or the granting of the consent specified by Section 6.01 to authorize
the Agent to declare the Notes due and payable pursuant to the provisions of
Section 6.01, each Lender and each of its Affiliates is hereby authorized at
any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set
off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand,
provisional or final) at any time held and other indebtedness at any time owing
by such Lender or such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the
Borrower against any and all of the obligations of the Borrower now or
hereafter existing under this Agreement and the Note held by such Lender,
whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand under this Agreement or
such Note and although such obligations may be unmatured.  Each Lender agrees
promptly to notify the Borrower after any such set-off and application,
provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of
such set-off and application.  The rights of each Lender and its Affiliates
under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including,
without limitation, other rights of set-off) that such Lender and its
Affiliates may have.

                    SECTION 8.06.  Binding Effect.  This Agreement shall become
effective (other than Sections 2.01 and 2.03, which shall only become effective
upon satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 3.01) when
it shall have been executed by the Borrower and the Agent and when the Agent
shall have been notified by each Initial Lender that such Initial Lender has
executed it and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of
the Borrower, the Agent and each Lender and their respective successors and
assigns, except that the Borrower shall not have the right to assign its rights
hereunder or any interest herein without the prior written consent of the
Lenders.

                    SECTION 8.07.  Assignments and Participations.  (a) Each
Lender may with the consent of the Agent and the Borrower (which consent shall
not be unreasonably withheld or





<PAGE>   57
                                       52

delayed) and, if demanded by the Borrower (following a demand by such Lender
pursuant to Section 2.11 or 2.14 or following such Lender's Downgrade) at a
time when no Default has occurred and is continuing upon at least five Business
Days' notice to such Lender and the Agent, will assign to one or more Persons
all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including,
without limitation, all or a portion of its Commitment, the Revolving Credit
Advances owing to it and the Revolving Credit Note or Notes held by it);
provided, however, that (i) each such assignment shall be of a constant, and
not a varying, percentage of all rights and obligations under this Agreement
(other than any right to make Competitive Bid Advances, Competitive Bid
Advances owing to it and Competitive Bid Notes), (ii) except in the case of an
assignment to a Person that, immediately prior to such assignment, was a Lender
or an assignment of all of a Lender's rights and obligations under this
Agreement, the amount of the Commitment of the assigning Lender being assigned
pursuant to each such assignment (determined as of the date of the Assignment
and Acceptance with respect to such assignment) shall in no event be less than
$10,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof and the
amount of the Commitment of such Lender remaining after such assignment shall
not be less than $10,000,000 or shall be zero, (iii) each such assignment shall
be to an Eligible Assignee, (iv) each such assignment made as a result of a
demand by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 8.07(a) shall be arranged by
the Borrower after consultation with the Agent and shall be either an
assignment of all of the rights and obligations of the assigning Lender under
this Agreement or an assignment of a portion of such rights and obligations
made concurrently with another such assignment or other such assignments that
together cover all of the rights and obligations of the assigning Lender under
this Agreement, (v) no Lender shall be obligated to make any such assignment as
a result of a demand by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 8.07(a) unless
and until such Lender shall have received one or more payments from either the
Borrower or one or more Eligible Assignees in an aggregate amount at least
equal to the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Advances owing to
such Lender, together with accrued interest thereon to the date of payment of
such principal amount and all other amounts payable to such Lender under this
Agreement, and (vi) unless such assignment is demanded by the Borrower, the
parties to each such assignment shall execute and deliver to the Agent, for its
acceptance and recording in the Register, an Assignment and Acceptance,
together with any Revolving Credit Note subject to such assignment and a
processing and recordation fee of $3,000.  Upon such execution, delivery,
acceptance and recording, from and after the effective date specified in each
Assignment and Acceptance, (x) the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto
and, to the extent that rights and obligations hereunder have been assigned to
it pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance, have the rights and obligations
of a Lender hereunder and (y) the Lender assignor thereunder shall, to the
extent that rights and obligations hereunder have been assigned by it pursuant
to such Assignment and Acceptance, relinquish its rights and be released from
its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and
Acceptance covering all or the remaining portion of an assigning Lender's
rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a
party hereto).





<PAGE>   58
                                       53

                    (b)         By executing and delivering an Assignment and
Acceptance, the Lender assignor thereunder and the assignee thereunder confirm
to and agree with each other and the other parties hereto as follows:  (i)
other than as provided in such Assignment and Acceptance, such assigning Lender
makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect
to any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with
this Agreement or the execution, legality, validity, enforceability,
genuineness, sufficiency or value of this Agreement or any other instrument or
document furnished pursuant hereto; (ii) such assigning Lender makes no
representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to the
financial condition of the Borrower or the performance or observance by the
Borrower of any of its obligations under this Agreement or any other instrument
or document furnished pursuant hereto; (iii) such assignee confirms that it has
received a copy of this Agreement, together with copies of the financial
statements referred to in Section 4.01 and such other documents and information
as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to
enter into such Assignment and Acceptance; (iv) such assignee will,
independently and without reliance upon the Agent, such assigning Lender or any
other Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall deem
appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or
not taking action under this Agreement; (v) such assignee confirms that it is
an Eligible Assignee; (vi) such assignee appoints and authorizes the Agent to
take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers and
discretion under this Agreement as are delegated to the Agent by the terms
hereof, together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental
thereto; and (vii) such assignee agrees that it will perform in accordance with
their terms all of the obligations that by the terms of this Agreement are
required to be performed by it as a Lender.

                    (c)         Upon its receipt of an Assignment and
Acceptance executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee representing that it
is an Eligible Assignee, together with any Revolving Credit Note or Notes
subject to such assignment, the Agent shall, if such Assignment and Acceptance
has been completed and is in substantially the form of Exhibit C hereto, (i)
accept such Assignment and Acceptance, (ii) record the information contained
therein in the Register and (iii) give prompt notice thereof to the Borrower.
Within five Business Days after its receipt of such notice, the Borrower, at
its own expense, shall execute and deliver to the Agent in exchange for the
surrendered Revolving Credit Note a new Note to the order of such Eligible
Assignee in an amount equal to the Commitment assumed by it pursuant to such
Assignment and Acceptance and, if the assigning Lender has retained a
Commitment hereunder, a new Revolving Credit Note to the order of the assigning
Lender in an amount equal to the Commitment retained by it hereunder.  Such new
Revolving Credit Note or Notes shall be in an aggregate principal amount equal
to the aggregate principal amount of such surrendered Revolving Credit Note or
Notes, shall be dated the effective date of such Assignment and Acceptance and
shall otherwise be in substantially the form of Exhibit A-1 hereto.

                    (d)         The Agent shall maintain at its address
referred to in Section 8.02 a copy of each Assignment and Acceptance delivered
to and accepted by it and a register for the





<PAGE>   59
                                       54

recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders and the Commitment of,
and principal amount of the Advances owing to, each Lender from time to time
(the "Register").  The entries in the Register shall be conclusive and binding
for all purposes, absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Agent and the
Lenders may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register as a
Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement.  The Register shall be
available for inspection by the Borrower or any Lender at any reasonable time
and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.

                    (e)         Each Lender may sell participations to one or
more banks or other entities (other than the Borrower or any of its Affiliates)
in or to all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement
(including, without limitation, all or a portion of its Commitment, the
Advances owing to it and the Note or Notes held by it) with the consent of the
Borrower (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed);
provided, however, that (i) such Lender's obligations under this Agreement
(including, without limitation, its Commitment to the Borrower hereunder) shall
remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other
parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, (iii) such Lender shall
remain the holder of any such Note for all purposes of this Agreement, (iv) the
Borrower, the Agent and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and
directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender's rights and
obligations under this Agreement and (v) no participant under any such
participation shall have any right to approve any amendment or waiver of any
provision of this Agreement or any Note, or any consent to any departure by the
Borrower therefrom, except to the extent that such amendment, waiver or consent
would reduce the principal of, or interest on, the Notes or any fees or other
amounts payable hereunder, in each case to the extent subject to such
participation, or postpone any date fixed for any payment of principal of, or
interest on, the Notes or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder, in each
case to the extent subject to such participation.

                    (f)         Any Lender may, in connection with any
assignment or participation or proposed assignment or participation pursuant to
this Section 8.07, disclose to the assignee  or participant or proposed
assignee or participant, any information relating to the Borrower furnished to
such Lender by or on behalf of the Borrower; provided that, prior to any such
disclosure, the assignee or participant or proposed assignee or participant
shall agree to preserve the confidentiality of any Confidential Information
relating to the Borrower received by it from such Lender.

                    (g)         Notwithstanding any other provision set forth
in this Agreement, any Lender may at any time create a security interest in all
or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including, without
limitation, the Advances owing to it and the Note or Notes held by it) in favor
of any Federal Reserve Bank in accordance with Regulation A of the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System.





<PAGE>   60
                                       55

                    SECTION 8.08.  Confidentiality.  Neither the Agent nor any
Lender shall disclose any Confidential Information to any other Person without
the consent of the Borrower, other than (a) to the Agent's or such Lender's
Affiliates and their officers, directors, employees, accountants, auditors,
counsel, agents and advisors and, as contemplated by Section 8.07(f), to actual
or prospective assignees and participants, and then only on a confidential
basis, (b) as required by any law, rule or regulation or judicial process, (c)
to any rating agency when required by it, provided that, prior to any such
disclosure, such rating agency shall undertake to preserve the confidentiality
of any Confidential Information relating to the Borrower received by it from
such Lender and (d) as requested or required by any state, federal or foreign
authority or examiner regulating banks or banking.

                    SECTION 8.09.  Governing Law.  This Agreement and the Notes
shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State
of New York.

                    SECTION 8.10.  Execution in Counterparts.  This Agreement
may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto
in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be
an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same
agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this
Agreement by telecopier shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed
counterpart of this Agreement.

                    SECTION 8.11.  Jurisdiction, Etc.  (a)  Each of the parties
hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its
property, to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of any New York State court or
federal court of the United States of America sitting in New York City, and any
appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or
relating to this Agreement or the Notes, or for recognition or enforcement of
any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and
unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or
proceeding may be heard and determined in any such New York State court or, to
the extent permitted by law, in such federal court.  Each of the parties hereto
agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be
conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment
or in any other manner provided by law.  Nothing in this Agreement shall affect
any right that any party may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding
relating to this Agreement or the Notes in the courts of any jurisdiction.

                    (b)         Each of the parties hereto irrevocably and
unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do
so, any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of
any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or
the Notes in any New York State or federal court.  Each of the parties hereto
hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense
of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any
such court.





<PAGE>   61
                                       56

                    SECTION 8.12.  Waiver of Jury Trial.  Each of the Borrower,
the Agent and the Lenders hereby irrevocably waives all right to trial by jury
in any action, proceeding or counterclaim (whether based on contract, tort or
otherwise) arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the Notes or the
actions of the Agent or any Lender in the negotiation, administration,
performance or enforcement thereof.

                    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this
Agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly
authorized, as of the date first above written.

                                THE WASHINGTON POST COMPANY


                                By /s/ John B. Morse, Jr.        
                                  -------------------------------
                                   Title:  Vice President-Finance


                                CITIBANK, N.A.
                                   as Agent


                                By /s/ Eric Huttner             
                                  -------------------------------
                                   Title:  Vice President


                                WACHOVIA BANK OF GEORGIA, N.A.
                                  as Co-Agent


                                By /s/ Terence A. Snellings     
                                  -------------------------------
                                   Title:  Senior Vice President





<PAGE>   62
                                       57

                                Initial Lenders

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                        Swing Line
Commitment              Commitment
- ----------              ----------
<S>                     <C>                                 <C>                                                       
$50,000,000             $50,000,000                         CITIBANK, N.A.


                                                            By /s/ Eric Huttner                   
                                                              ------------------------------------
                                                               Title:  Vice President



$50,000,000             $50,000,000                         WACHOVIA BANK OF GEORGIA, N.A.


                                                            By /s/ Terence A. Snellings           
                                                              ------------------------------------
                                                               Title:  Senior Vice President

$25,000,000                0                                THE BANK OF NEW YORK


                                                            By /s/ Edward F. Ryan, Jr.            
                                                              ------------------------------------
                                                               Title:  Senior Vice President

$25,000,000                0                                CREDIT SUISSE


                                                            By /s/ Dawn E. Rubinstein             
                                                              ------------------------------------
                                                               Title:  Associate


                                                            By /s/ Christopher J. Eldin           
                                                              ------------------------------------
                                                               Title:  Member of Senior Management

$25,000,000                0                                CRESTAR BANK

                                                            By /s/ William J. Lindlaw             
                                                              ------------------------------------
                                                               Title:  Vice President
</TABLE>





<PAGE>   63
                                       58


<TABLE>
<S>                        <C>                              <C>
$25,000,000                0                                DEUTSCHE BANK AG, NEW YORK
                                                            BRANCH AND/OR CAYMAN ISLANDS BRANCH


                                                            By /s/ Bina R. Dabbah                 
                                                              ------------------------------------
                                                               Title:  Vice President


                                                            By /s/ Elizabeth Hope Tallmadge       
                                                              ------------------------------------
                                                               Title:  Vice President

$25,000,000                0                                THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF
                                                            CHICAGO


                                                            By /s/ Ronald L. Coleman              
                                                              ------------------------------------
                                                               Title:  Vice President


$25,000,000                0                                FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF
                                                            MARYLAND


                                                            By /s/ Janet T. Farrell               
                                                              ------------------------------------
                                                               Title:  Senior Vice President


$25,000,000                0                                FIRST UNION NATIONAL BANK OF
                                                            NORTH CAROLINA


                                                            By /s/ Jim Redman                     
                                                              ------------------------------------
                                                               Title:  Senior Vice President
</TABLE>





<PAGE>   64
                                       59


<TABLE>
<S>                     <C>                                 <C>
$25,000,000                0                                UNION BANK OF SWITZERLAND, NEWYORK BRANCH


                                                            By /s/ Stephen A. Cayer                  
                                                              ---------------------------------------
                                                               Title:  Assistant Treasurer


                                                            By /s/ Peter B. Yearley                  
                                                              ---------------------------------------
                                                               Title:  Managing Director


$300,000,000            $100,000,000                                Total of the Commitments
</TABLE>










<PAGE>   65
                                                                      SCHEDULE I
                                                     The Washington Post Company
                                                      APPLICABLE LENDING OFFICES



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Name of Initial Lender            Domestic Lending Office           Eurodollar Lending Office
- ----------------------            -----------------------           -------------------------
<S>                               <C>                               <C>
Citibank, N.A.                    399 Park Avenue                   399 Park Avenue
                                  New York, New York  10043         New York, New York  10043

Wachovia Bank of                  191 Peachtree Street, N.E.        191 Peachtree Street, N.E.
   Georgia, N.A.                  Atlanta, Georgia  30303           Atlanta, Georgia  30303

The Bank of New York              One Wall Street                   One Wall Street
                                  New York, New York 10286          New York, New York 10286

Credit Suisse                     12 East 49th Street               12 East 49th Street
                                  New York, New York 10017          New York, New York 10017

Crestar Bank                      1445 New York Avenue NW           1445 New York Avenue NW
                                  Washington, DC 20005              Washington, DC 20005

Deutsche Bank AG,                 Deutsche Bank AG,                 Deutsche Bank AG,
  New York Branch                 New York Branch                   Cayman Islands Branch
  and/or Cayman Islands           31 West 52nd Street               31 West 52nd Street
  Branch                          New York, New York 10019          New York, New York 10019

 The First National Bank          One First National Plaza          One First National Plaza
   of Chicago                     Mail Suite 0629                   Mail Suite 0629
                                  Chicago, Illinois  60670-0629     Chicago, Illinois  60670-0629

First National Bank of            1800 K Street NW                  1800 K Street NW
  Maryland                        Suite 1010                        Suite 1010
                                  Washington, DC  20006             Washington, DC 20006

First Union National              301 S. College Street             301 S. College Street
  Bank of North Carolina          TW-19                             TW-19
                                  Charlotte, NC  28288-0735         Charlotte, NC  28288-0735

Union Bank of Switzerland         299 Park Avenue                   299 Park Avenue
                                  New York, New York 10171          New York, New York 10171
</TABLE>





<PAGE>   66
                                SCHEDULE 5.02(a)

                                 EXISTING LIENS




                                      None





<PAGE>   67
                                                           EXHIBIT A-1 - FORM OF
                                                                REVOLVING CREDIT
                                                                 PROMISSORY NOTE



U.S.$_______________                            Dated:  January 31, 1996


                        FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, THE WASHINGTON
POST COMPANY, a Delaware corporation (the "Borrower"), HEREBY PROMISES TO PAY
to the order of _________________________ (the "Lender") for the account of its
Applicable Lending Office on the Termination Date (each as defined in the
Credit Agreement referred to below) the principal sum of U.S.$[amount of the
Lender's Commitment in figures] or, if less, the aggregate principal amount of
the Revolving Credit Advances and Swing Line Advances made by the Lender to the
Borrower pursuant to the Credit Agreement dated as of January 31, 1996 among
the Borrower, the Lender and certain other lenders parties thereto, Citibank,
N.A., as Agent for the Lender and such other lenders, and Wachovia Bank of
Georgia, N.A., as Co-Agent (as amended or modified from time to time, the
"Credit Agreement"; the terms defined therein being used herein as therein
defined), outstanding on the Termination Date.

                        The Borrower promises to pay interest on the unpaid
principal amount of each  Revolving Credit Advance and each Swing Line Advance
from the date of such Revolving Credit Advance or such Swing Line Advance, as
the case may be, until such principal amount is paid in full, at such interest
rates, and payable at such times, as are specified in the Credit Agreement.

                        Both principal and interest are payable in lawful money
of the United States of America to Citibank, N.A., as Agent, at 399 Park
Avenue, New York, New York 10043, in same day funds.  Each Revolving Credit
Advance owing to the Lender by the Borrower pursuant to the Credit Agreement,
and all payments made on account of principal thereof, shall be recorded by the
Lender and, prior to any transfer hereof, endorsed on the grid attached hereto
which is part of this Promissory Note.

                        This Promissory Note is one of the Revolving Credit
Notes referred to in, and is entitled to the benefits of, the Credit Agreement.
The Credit Agreement, among other things, (i) provides for the making of
Revolving Credit Advances and Swing Line Advances by the Lender to the Borrower
from time to time in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding
the U.S. dollar amount first above mentioned, the indebtedness of the Borrower
resulting from each such Revolving Credit Advance and Swing Line Advance being
evidenced





<PAGE>   68
                                      2


by this Promissory Note, and (ii) contains provisions for acceleration of the
maturity hereof upon the happening of certain stated events and also for
prepayments on account of principal hereof prior to the maturity hereof upon
the terms and conditions therein specified.

                                              THE WASHINGTON POST COMPANY


                                              By                              
                                                ------------------------------
                                                 Title:





<PAGE>   69
                       ADVANCES AND PAYMENTS OF PRINCIPAL



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
======================================================================================================
                                                 AMOUNT OF
                        AMOUNT OF              PRINCIPAL PAID         UNPAID PRINCIPAL       NOTATION
 DATE                    ADVANCE                 OR PREPAID                BALANCE            MADE BY
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                     <C>                    <C>                    <C>                    <C>

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

======================================================================================================
</TABLE>





<PAGE>   70
                                                           EXHIBIT A-2 - FORM OF
                                                                 COMPETITIVE BID
                                                                 PROMISSORY NOTE



U.S.$_______________                              Dated:  January 31, 1996


                        FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, THE WASHINGTON
POST COMPANY, a Delaware corporation (the "Borrower"), HEREBY PROMISES TO PAY
to the order of _________________________ (the "Lender") for the account of its
Applicable Lending Office (as defined in the Credit Agreement dated as of
January 31, 1996 among the Borrower, the Lender and certain other lenders
parties thereto, Citibank, N.A., as Agent for the Lender and such other
lenders, and Wachovia Bank of Georgia, N.A., as Co-Agent (as amended or
modified from time to time, the "Credit Agreement"; the terms defined therein
being used herein as therein defined)), on _______________, 199_, the principal
amount of U.S.$_______________.

                        The Borrower promises to pay interest on the unpaid
principal amount hereof from the date hereof until such principal amount is
paid in full, at the interest rate and payable on the interest payment date or
dates provided below:

         [Interest Rate: _____% per annum (calculated on the basis of a year of
         _____ days for the actual number of days elapsed).]

                        Both principal and interest are payable in lawful money
of the United States of America to Citibank, N.A.  for the account of the
Lender at the office of Citibank, N.A., at 399 Park Avenue, New York, New York
10043 in same day funds.

                        This Promissory Note is one of the Competitive Bid
Notes referred to in, and is entitled to the benefits of, the Credit Agreement.
The Credit Agreement, among other things, contains provisions for acceleration
of the maturity hereof upon the happening of certain stated events.

                        The Borrower hereby waives presentment, demand, protest
and notice of any kind.  No failure to exercise, and no delay in exercising,
any rights hereunder on the part of the holder hereof shall operate as a waiver
of such rights.





<PAGE>   71
                                       2

                        This Promissory Note shall be governed by, and
construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.

                                                  THE WASHINGTON POST COMPANY


                                                  By                           
                                                    ---------------------------
                                                     Title:





<PAGE>   72
                                                 EXHIBIT B-1 - FORM OF NOTICE OF
                                                      REVOLVING CREDIT BORROWING

Citibank, N.A., as Agent
  for the Lenders parties
  to the Credit Agreement
  referred to below
399 Park Avenue
New York, New York  10043                                   [Date]

                        Attention:  _______________

Ladies and Gentlemen:

                        The undersigned, The Washington Post Company, refers to
the Credit Agreement, dated as of January 31, 1996 (as amended or modified from
time to time, the "Credit Agreement", the terms defined therein being used
herein as therein defined), among the undersigned, certain Lenders parties
thereto, Citibank, N.A., as Agent for said Lenders, and Wachovia Bank of
Georgia, N.A., as Co-Agent, and hereby gives you notice, irrevocably, pursuant
to Section 2.02 of the Credit Agreement that the undersigned hereby requests a
Revolving Credit Borrowing under the Credit Agreement, and in that connection
sets forth below the information relating to such Revolving Credit Borrowing
(the "Proposed Revolving Credit Borrowing") as required by Section 2.02(a) of
the Credit Agreement:

                        (i)       The Business Day of the Proposed Revolving
         Credit Borrowing is _______________, 199_.

                        (ii)      The Type of Advances comprising the Proposed
         Revolving Credit Borrowing is [Base Rate Advances] [Eurodollar Rate
         Advances].

                        (iii)     The aggregate amount of the Proposed
         Revolving Credit Borrowing is $_______________.

                        [(iv)     The initial Interest Period for each
         Eurodollar Rate Advance made as part of the Proposed Revolving Credit
         Borrowing is _____ month[s].]

                        The undersigned hereby certifies that the following
statements are true on the date hereof, and will be true on the date of the
Proposed Revolving Credit Borrowing:

                        (A)       the representations and warranties contained
         in Section 4.01 of the Credit Agreement are correct in all material
         respects, before and after giving effect to the Proposed Revolving
         Credit Borrowing and to the application of the proceeds therefrom, as
         though made on and as of such date, except to the extent they
         expressly relate to an earlier date; and





<PAGE>   73
                                       2


                        (B)       no event has occurred and is continuing, or
         would result from such Proposed Revolving Credit Borrowing or from the
         application of the proceeds therefrom, that constitutes a Default.

                                                  Very truly yours,

                                                  THE WASHINGTON POST COMPANY


                                                  By                           
                                                    ---------------------------
                                                     Title:




<PAGE>   74
                                                 EXHIBIT B-2 - FORM OF NOTICE OF
                                                       COMPETITIVE BID BORROWING


Citibank, N.A., as Agent
  for the Lenders parties
  to the Credit Agreement
  referred to below
399 Park Avenue
New York, New York  10043                                   [Date]


                        Attention:  _______________


Ladies and Gentlemen:

                        The undersigned, The Washington Post Company, refers to
the Credit Agreement, dated as of January 31, 1996 (as amended or modified from
time to time, the "Credit Agreement", the terms defined therein being used
herein as therein defined), among the undersigned, certain Lenders parties
thereto, Citibank, N.A., as Agent for said Lenders, and Wachovia Bank of
Georgia, N.A., as Co-Agent, and hereby gives you notice, irrevocably, pursuant
to Section 2.03 of the Credit Agreement that the undersigned hereby requests a
Competitive Bid Borrowing under the Credit Agreement, and in that connection
sets forth the terms on which such Competitive Bid Borrowing (the "Proposed
Competitive Bid Borrowing") is requested to be made:

<TABLE>
         <S>            <C>                                          <C>
         (A)            Date of Competitive Bid Borrowing            ________________________
         (B)            Amount of Competitive Bid Borrowing          ________________________
         (C)            [Maturity Date] [Interest Period]            ________________________
         (D)            Interest Rate Basis                          ________________________
         (E)            Interest Payment Date(s)                     ________________________
         (F)            ___________________                          ________________________
         (G)            ___________________                          ________________________
         (H)            ___________________                          ________________________
</TABLE>

                        The undersigned hereby certifies that the following
statements are true on the date hereof, and will be true on the date of the
Proposed Competitive Bid Borrowing:

                        (a)       the representations and warranties contained
         in Section 4.01 are correct in all material respects, before and after
         giving effect to the Proposed Competitive Bid Borrowing and to the
         application of the proceeds therefrom, as though made on and as of
         such date, except to the extent they expressly relate to an earlier
         date;





<PAGE>   75
                                       2

                        (b)       no event has occurred and is continuing, or
         would result from the Proposed Competitive Bid Borrowing or from the
         application of the proceeds therefrom, that constitutes a Default; and

                        (c)       the aggregate amount of the Proposed
         Competitive Bid Borrowing and all other Borrowings to be made on the
         same day under the Credit Agreement is within the aggregate amount of
         the Unused Commitments of the Lenders.

                        The undersigned hereby confirms that the Proposed
Competitive Bid Borrowing is to be made available to it in accordance with
Section 2.03(a)(v) of the Credit Agreement.

                                                   Very truly yours,

                                                   THE WASHINGTON POST COMPANY



                                                   By                          
                                                     --------------------------
                                                      Title:





<PAGE>   76
                                                             EXHIBIT C - FORM OF
                                                       ASSIGNMENT AND ACCEPTANCE


                        Reference is made to the Credit Agreement dated as of
January 31, 1996 (as amended or modified from time to time, the "Credit
Agreement") among The Washington Post Company, a Delaware corporation (the
"Borrower"), the Lenders (as defined in the Credit Agreement), Citibank, N.A.,
as agent for the Lenders (the "Agent"), and Wachovia Bank of Georgia, N.A., as
co-agent.  Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used herein with the same
meaning.

                        The "Assignor" and the "Assignee" referred to on 
Schedule I hereto agree as follows:

                        1.        The Assignor hereby sells and assigns to the
Assignee, and the Assignee hereby purchases and assumes from the Assignor, an
interest in and to the Assignor's rights and obligations under the Credit
Agreement as of the date hereof (other than in respect of Competitive Bid
Advances and Competitive Bid Notes) equal to the percentage interest specified
on Schedule 1 hereto of all outstanding rights and obligations under the Credit
Agreement (other than in respect of Competitive Bid Advances and Competitive
Bid Notes). After giving effect to such sale and assignment, the Assignee's
Commitment and the amount of the Revolving Credit Advances owing to the
Assignee will be as set forth on Schedule 1 hereto.

                        2.        The Assignor (i) represents and warrants that
it is the legal and beneficial owner of the interest being assigned by it
hereunder and that such interest is free and clear of any adverse claim; (ii)
makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect
to any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with
the Credit Agreement or the execution, legality, validity, enforceability,
genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Credit Agreement or any other
instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto; (iii) makes no
representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to the
financial condition of the Borrower or the performance or observance by the
Borrower of any of its obligations under the Credit Agreement or any other
instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto; and (iv) attaches the
Revolving Credit Note held by the Assignor and requests that the Agent exchange
such Revolving Credit Note for a new Revolving Credit Note payable to the order
of the Assignee in an amount equal to the Commitment assumed by the Assignee
pursuant hereto or new Revolving Credit Notes payable to the order of the
Assignee in an amount equal to the Commitment assumed by the Assignee pursuant
hereto and the Assignor in an amount equal to the Commitment retained by the
Assignor under the Credit Agreement, respectively, as specified on Schedule 1
hereto.

                        3.        The Assignee (i) confirms that it has
received a copy of the Credit Agreement, together with copies of the financial
statements referred to in Section 4.01 thereof and such other documents and
information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and
decision to enter into this Assignment and Acceptance; (ii) agrees that it
will,





<PAGE>   77
                                       2

independently and without reliance upon the Agent, the Assignor or any other
Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate
at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking
action under the Credit Agreement; (iii) confirms that it is an Eligible
Assignee; (iv) appoints and authorizes the Agent to take such action as agent
on its behalf and to exercise such powers and discretion under the Credit
Agreement as are delegated to the Agent by the terms thereof, together with
such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental thereto; (v) agrees
that it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations that
by the terms of the Credit Agreement are required to be performed by it as a
Lender; and (vi) attaches any U.S. Internal Revenue Service forms required
under Section 2.14 of the Credit Agreement.

                        4.        Following the execution of this Assignment
and Acceptance, it will be delivered to the Agent for acceptance and recording
by the Agent.  The effective date for this Assignment and Acceptance (the
"Effective Date") shall be the date of acceptance hereof by the Agent, unless
otherwise specified on Schedule 1 hereto.

                        5.        Upon such acceptance and recording by the
Agent, as of the Effective Date, (i) the Assignee shall be a party to the
Credit Agreement and, to the extent provided in this Assignment and Acceptance,
have the rights and obligations of a Lender thereunder and (ii) the Assignor
shall, to the extent provided in this Assignment and Acceptance, relinquish its
rights and be released from its obligations under the Credit Agreement.

                        6.        Upon such acceptance and recording by the
Agent, from and after the Effective Date, the Agent shall make all payments
under the Credit Agreement and the Revolving Credit Notes in respect of the
interest assigned hereby (including, without limitation, all payments of
principal, interest and facility fees with respect thereto) to the Assignee.
The Assignor and Assignee shall make all appropriate adjustments in payments
under the Credit Agreement and the Revolving Credit Notes for periods prior to
the Effective Date directly between themselves.

                        7.        This Assignment and Acceptance shall be
governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New
York.

                        8.        This Assignment and Acceptance may be
executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in
separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an
original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same
agreement.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of Schedule 1 to this
Assignment and Acceptance by telecopier shall be effective as delivery of a
manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Acceptance.





<PAGE>   78
                                       3

                        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Assignor and the Assignee have
caused Schedule 1 to this Assignment and Acceptance to be executed by their
officers thereunto duly authorized as of the date specified thereon.





<PAGE>   79
                                   Schedule 1
                                       to
                           Assignment and Acceptance



<TABLE>
<S>                                                                             <C>
Percentage interest assigned:                                                         _____%

Assignee's Commitment:                                                          $__________

Aggregate outstanding principal amount of Revolving Credit Advances assigned:   $__________

Principal amount of Revolving Credit Note payable to Assignee:                  $__________

Principal amount of Revolving Credit Note payable to Assignor:                  $__________
</TABLE>

Effective Date:*  _______________, 199_


                                              [NAME OF ASSIGNOR], as Assignor



                                              By                               
                                                -------------------------------
                                                 Title:
                                              
                                              Dated:  _______________, 199_
                                              
                                              
                                              [NAME OF ASSIGNEE], as Assignee
                                              
                                              
                                              By                               
                                                -------------------------------
                                                 Title:
                                              
                                              Dated:  _______________, 199_
                                              
                                              Domestic Lending Office:
                                                       [Address]
                                              
                                              Eurodollar Lending Office:
                                                       [Address]



- --------------------

*     This date should be no earlier than five Business Days after the 
      delivery of this Assignment and Acceptance to the Agent.

<PAGE>   80

                                      2

Accepted and Approved this
__________ day of _______________, 199_

CITIBANK, N.A., as Agent



By                                                 
  -------------------------------------------------
   Title:


Approved this __________ day of _______________, 199_

THE WASHINGTON POST COMPANY



By                                                 
  -------------------------------------------------
   Title:





<PAGE>   81
                              EXHIBIT D - FORM OF
                              ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT

                                                                Dated:  ________



The Washington Post Company
1150 15th Street, N.W.
Washington, D.C.  20071

Citibank, N.A., as Agent
399 Park Avenue
New York, New York  10043

   Attention:



Ladies and Gentlemen:

                        Reference is made to the Credit Agreement dated as of
January 31, 1996 among The Washington Post Company (the "Borrower"), the
Lenders parties thereto, Citibank, N.A., as Agent, and Wachovia Bank of
Georgia, N.A., as Co-Agent (the "Credit Agreement"; terms defined therein being
used herein as therein defined), for such Lenders.

                        The undersigned (the "Assuming Lender") proposes to
become an Assuming Lender pursuant to Section 2.05(b) of the Credit Agreement
and, in that connection, hereby agrees that it shall become a Lender for
purposes of the Credit Agreement on [applicable Increase Date] and that its
Commitment shall as of such date be $__________.

                        The undersigned (i) confirms that it has received a
copy of the Credit Agreement, together with copies of the financial statements
referred to in Section 4.01(e) thereof, the most recent financial statements
referred to in Section 5.01(i) thereof and such other documents and information
as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to
enter into this Assumption Agreement; (ii) agrees that it will, independently
and without reliance upon the Agent or any other Lender and based on such
documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to
make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Credit
Agreement; (iii) appoints and authorizes the Agent to take such action as agent
on its behalf and to exercise such powers under the Credit Agreement as are
delegated to the Agent by the terms thereof, together with such powers as are
reasonably incidental thereto; (iv) agrees that it will perform in accordance
with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Credit





<PAGE>   82
                                       2

Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Lender; (v) confirms that it
is an Eligible Assignee; (vi) specifies as its Lending Office (and address for
notices) the offices set forth beneath its name on the signature pages hereof;
and (vii) attaches the forms prescribed by the Internal Revenue Service of the
United States required under Section 2.14 of the Credit Agreement.

                        The Assuming Lender requests that the Borrower deliver
to the Agent (to be promptly delivered to the Assuming Lender) a Revolving
Credit Note payable to the order of the Assuming Lender, dated as of the
[Increase Date] and substantially in the form of Exhibit A-1 to the Credit
Agreement.

                        The effective date for this Assumption Agreement shall
be [applicable Increase Date].  Upon delivery of this Assumption Agreement to
the Borrower and the Agent, and satisfaction of all conditions imposed under
Section 2.05(b) as of [date specified above], the undersigned shall be a party
to the Credit Agreement and have the rights and obligations of a Lender
thereunder.  As of [date specified above], the Agent shall make all payments
under the Credit Agreement in respect of the interest assumed hereby
(including, without limitation, all payments of principal, interest and
commitment fees) to the Assuming Lender.

                        This Assumption Agreement may be executed in
counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of
which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken
together shall constitute one and the same agreement.  Delivery of an executed
counterpart by telecopier shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed
counterpart of this Assumption Agreement.





<PAGE>   83
                                       3

                        This Assumption Agreement shall be governed by, and
construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.

                                                    Very truly yours,
                                                    
                                                    [NAME OF ASSUMING LENDER]
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    By
                                                      ------------------------
                                                        Name:
                                                        Title:
                                                    
                                                    Domestic Lending Office
                                                    (and address for notices):
                                                    
                                                    [Address]
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    Eurodollar Lending Office:
                                                    
                                                    [Address]


Acknowledged and Agreed to:

THE WASHINGTON POST COMPANY

By                                                 
  -------------------------
    Name:
    Title:





<PAGE>   84
                                                             EXHIBIT E - FORM OF
                                                              OPINION OF COUNSEL
                                                                FOR THE BORROWER


                                [Effective Date]



To each of the Lenders parties
  to the Credit Agreement dated
  as of January 31, 1996 among
  The Washington Post Company,
  said Lenders, Citibank, N.A., as
  Agent for said Lenders, and
  Wachovia Bank of Georgia, N.A.,
  as Co-Agent, to Citibank, N.A.,
  as Agent,and to Wachovia Bank of
  Georgia, N.A., as Co-Agent


                          The Washington Post Company


Ladies and Gentlemen:

                 This opinion is furnished to you pursuant to Section
3.01(h)(iv) of the Credit Agreement, dated as of January 31, 1996 (the "Credit
Agreement"), among The Washington Post Company (the "Borrower"), the Lenders
parties thereto, Citibank, N.A., as Agent for said Lenders, and Wachovia Bank
of Georgia, N.A., as Co-Agent.  Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used
herein as therein defined.

                 I am the General Counsel of the Borrower and as such I am
familiar with the Credit Agreement and the corporate proceedings taken by the
Borrower to authorize the execution and delivery of  the Credit Agreement.

                 For purposes of this opinion, I have examined:

                 (1)      The Credit Agreement.

                 (2)      The documents furnished by the Borrower pursuant to
    Article III of the Credit Agreement.





<PAGE>   85
                                       2

                 (3)      The Certificate of Incorporation of the Borrower and
    all amendments thereto (the "Charter").

                 (4)      The by-laws of the Borrower and all amendments
    thereto (the "By-laws").

                 (5)      A certificate of the Secretary of State of Delaware,
    dated _______________, 199_, attesting to the continued corporate existence
    and good standing of the Borrower in that State.

                 In addition, I have examined the originals, or copies
certified to my satisfaction, of such other corporate records of the Borrower,
certificates of public officials and of officers of the Borrower, and
agreements, instruments and other documents, as I have deemed necessary as a
basis for the opinions expressed below.  As to questions of fact material to
such opinions, I have, when relevant facts were not independently established
by me, relied upon certificates of the Borrower or its officers or of public
officials.  I have assumed the due execution and delivery, pursuant to due
authorization, of the Credit Agreement by the Initial Lenders, the Agent and
the Co-Agent.

                 My opinions expressed below are limited to the law of the
State of New York, the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware and the
Federal law of the United States.

                 Based upon the foregoing and upon such investigation as I have
deemed necessary, I am of the following opinion:

                 1.       The Borrower is a corporation validly existing and in
    good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware.

                 2.       The execution, delivery and performance by the
    Borrower of the Credit Agreement and the Notes, and the consummation of the
    transactions contemplated thereby, are within the Borrower's corporate
    powers, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, and do
    not contravene (i) the Charter or the By-laws or (ii) any law, rule or
    regulation applicable to the Borrower (including, without limitation,
    Regulation X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System) or
    (iii) to the best of my knowledge after appropriate inquiry, (x) any
    contractual restriction or (y) any legal restriction contained in orders,
    writs, judgments, awards, injunctions or decrees applicable to the Borrower
    or its assets, in each case that affects or purports to affect the
    Borrower's right to borrow money or the Borrower's obligations under the
    Credit Agreement or Notes. The Credit Agreement and the Notes delivered on
    the date hereof have been duly executed and delivered on behalf of the
    Borrower.





<PAGE>   86
                                       3

                 3.       No authorization, approval or other action by, and no
    notice to or filing with, any United States Federal, New York or, to the
    extent required under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware,
    Delaware governmental authority or regulatory body is required for the due
    execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of the Credit Agreement
    and the Notes.

                 4.       The Credit Agreement is, and when executed and
    delivered in connection with Borrowings, the Notes will be, legal, valid
    and binding obligations of the Borrower enforceable against the Borrower in
    accordance with their respective terms.

                 5.       To the best of my knowledge after appropriate
    inquiry, there are no pending or overtly threatened actions or proceedings
    against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries before any court,
    governmental agency or arbitrator that purport to affect the legality,
    validity, binding effect or enforceability of the Credit Agreement or any
    of the Notes or the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby
    or that are likely to have a materially adverse effect upon the financial
    condition or operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a
    whole.

                 The opinions set forth above are subject to the following 
    qualifications:

                 (a)      My opinion in paragraph 4 above as to enforceability
    is subject to the effect of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency
    (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers),
    reorganization, moratorium or similar law affecting creditors' rights
    generally.

                 (b)      My opinion in paragraph 4 above as to enforceability
    is subject to the effect of general principles of equity, including,
    without limitation, concepts of materiality, reasonableness, good faith and
    fair dealing (regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or
    at law).

                 (c)      Insofar as provisions contained in the Credit
    Agreement provide for indemnification, the enforceability thereof may be
    limited by public policy considerations.

                 (d)      I express no opinion as to (i) Section 2.15 of the
    Credit Agreement insofar as it provides that any Lender purchasing a
    participation from another Lender pursuant thereto may exercise set-off or
    similar rights with respect to such participation and (ii) the effect of
    the law of any jurisdiction other than the State of New York wherein any
    Lender may be located or wherein enforcement of the Credit Agreement or the
    Notes may be sought that limits the rates of interest legally chargeable or
    collectible.





<PAGE>   87
                                       4

                 I am aware that Shearman & Sterling will rely upon the
opinions set forth in paragraphs 1, 2 and 3 of this opinion in rendering their
opinion furnished pursuant to Section 3.01 of the Credit Agreement.

                                        Very truly yours,





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-11
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>CALCULATION OF EARNINGS PER SHARE
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                      EXHIBIT 11





                          THE WASHINGTON POST COMPANY
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES

               CALCULATION OF EARNINGS PER SHARE OF COMMON STOCK
                  (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                             Fiscal Year

                                                                                                               
                                                            ---------------------------------------------------
                                                                   1995             1994                1993
                                                                   ----             ----                ----
 <S>                                                         <C>                <C>               <C>
 Weighted average shares outstanding
     Class A Common                                               1,838            1,843               1,843
     Class B Common (excluding shares
         issuable upon exercise of
         stock options - accounted
         for below)                                               9,237            9,734               9,903
                                                                 ------           ------              ------
                                                                 11,075           11,577              11,746
                                                                 ------           ------              ------


 Add - Shares assumed issuable upon
     exercise of stock options                                      111               79                  69
 Deduct - Shares assumed to be
     purchased for Treasury with proceeds
     from exercise of stock options                               (100)             (74)                (65)
                                                               --------          -------             -------
                                                                     11                5                   4
                                                               --------          -------             -------

 Shares used in computation of
     primary earnings per share                                  11,086           11,582              11,750
 Adjustment to reflect fully
     diluted computation (1)                                       --               --                  --  
                                                               --------         --------            --------
                                                                 11,086           11,582              11,750
                                                               ========         ========            ========


 Net income                                                  $  190,096         $169,672          $  165,417
                                                             ==========         ========          ==========
 Primary earnings per share                                  $    17.15         $  14.65          $    14.08
                                                             ==========         ========          ==========



 Fully diluted earings per
     share (1)                                               $    17.15         $  14.65          $    14.08
                                                             ==========         ========          ==========
</TABLE>


(1) This computation is submitted although it is not required by Accounting
    Principles Board Opinion No. 15 since it results in dilution of less than
    3%.






</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                      EXHIBIT 21

                          SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           Jurisdiction                  % of
                                                                                of                   Voting Stock
                                                                          Incorporation             or Partnership
                                                                                or                  Interest Owned
                            Name of Subsidiary                             Organization                by Company
                            ------------------                             ------------              ------------
 <S>                                                                      <C>                            <C>
 Bisbee Cable TV, Inc.   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      Arizona                        100%

 Bowater Mersey Paper Company Limited  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      Nova Scotia                     49%

 Capitol Fiber, Inc.   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      Maryland                        80%

 Coast TV Cable, Inc.  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      Mississippi                    100%

 Coastal Bend Cablevision Corp.  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      Texas                          100%

 Digital Ink Co.   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      Delaware                       100%

 The Gazette Newspapers, Inc.  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      Maryland                       100%

 I.H.T. Corporation  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      Delaware                        50%

        International Herald Tribune S.A. .  . . . . . . . . . . . .      France                      33-1/3%

 International Hearld Tribune S.A.   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      France                      33-1/3%

 Legi-Slate, Inc.  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      Delaware                       100%

 Los Angeles Times-Washington Post News
     Service, Inc.   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      D.C.                            50%

 Marks Cablevision of Green, Incorporated  . . . . . . . . . . . . .      Ohio                           100%

 Newsprint, Inc.   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      Virginia                       100%

      Bear Island Paper Company    . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      Virginia                        35% (a)

      Bear Island Timberlands Company    . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      Virginia                        35% (a)
                                                                    
 Newsweek, Inc.  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      New York                       100%

         Newsweek Services, Inc.  .  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      Delaware                       100%

         Newsweek Services (Canada), Inc.    . . . . . . . . . . . .      Delaware                       100%

 Omnicom Cablevision of Illinois, Inc.   . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      Illinois                       100%

 Post-Newsweek Cable, Inc.   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      Delaware                       100%

 Post-Newsweek Cable of California, Inc.   . . . . . . . . . . . . .      California                     100%

 Post-Newsweek Cable of Indiana, Inc.  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      Indiana                        100%

 Post-Newsweek Cable of North Dakota, Inc.   . . . . . . . . . . . .      Delaware                       100%

 Post-Newsweek Cable of Oklahoma, Inc.   . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      Oklahoma                       100%

 Post-Newsweek Pacific Cable, Inc.   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      California                     100%
                 
- -----------------
</TABLE>

         (a) Limited partnership interest.





<PAGE>   2

                          SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY
                                  (Continued)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           Jurisdiction                  % of
                                                                                of                   Voting Stock
                                                                          Incorporation             or Partnership
                                                                                or                  Interest Owned
                            Name of Subsidiary                             Organization                by Company
                            ------------------                             ------------              ------------
 <S>                                                                      <C>                            <C>
 Post-Newsweek Stations, Inc.  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      Delaware                       100%

         Post-Newsweek Stations, Connecticut, Inc.   . . . . . . . .      Delaware                       100%

         Post-Newsweek Stations, Florida, Inc.   . . . . . . . . . .      Florida                        100%

         Post-Newsweek Stations, Houston, Inc.   . . . . . . . . . .      Delaware                       100%

         Post-Newsweek Stations, Michigan, Inc.    . . . . . . . . .      Delaware                       100%

                  Pro Am Sports System, Inc.   . . . . . . . . . . .      Delaware                       100%

         Post-Newsweek Stations, San Antonio, Inc.   . . . . . . . .      Delaware                       100%

Robinson Terminal Warehouse Corporation    . . . . . . . . . . . . .      Delaware                       100%

Sandoval County Cable Television Company   . . . . . . . . . . . . .      New Mexico                     100%

Stanley H. Kaplan Educational Center Ltd.    . . . . . . . . . . . .      Delaware                       100%

         Stanley H. Kaplan Educational Center of
             Canada Ltd.   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      Ontario                        100%

         Stanley H. Kaplan Educational Center of
             Puerto Rico, Inc.   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      Puerto Rico                    100%

The Daily Herald Company   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      Washington                     100%

WPC Telecommunications, Inc.   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      Delaware                       100%

Moffet, Larson & Johnson, Inc.     . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      Delaware                        71%
</TABLE>


- -----------------

         As permitted by Item 601(b)(22) of Regulation S-K, the foregoing list
omits certain subsidiaries which, if considered in the aggregate as a single
subsidiary, would not constitute a "significant subsidiary" as that term is
defined in Rule 1-02(v) of Regulation S-X.





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1



                                                                      EXHIBIT 23



                       CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS



We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration
Statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 2-42170) of The Washington Post
Company, and in the Prospectus constituting a part thereof, of our report dated
January 30, 1996 appearing on page 22 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and
to the reference to us under the heading "Experts" in such Prospectus.


PRICE WATERHOUSE LLP


Washington, D.C.
March 25, 1996





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-24
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>POWER OF ATTORNEY
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1


                                                                      EXHIBIT 24

                               Power of Attorney

               Reports Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

                                                                  March 14, 1996

                 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that each of the undersigned
directors and officers of The Washington Post Company, a Delaware corporation
(hereinafter called the "Company"), hereby constitutes and appoints DONALD E.
GRAHAM, ALAN G. SPOON, KATHARINE GRAHAM and JOHN B. MORSE, JR., and each of
them, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents with full power
to act without the others and with full power of substitution and
resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any
and all capacities, to sign any and all reports required to be filed by the
Company pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any
and all amendments thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with
the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact
and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each
and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the
premises as fully and to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could
do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact
and agents or any of them, or their or his or her substitute or substitutes,
may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.


                /s/ Donald E. Graham                        /s/ Ralph E. Gomory
- -------------------------------------        -----------------------------------
 Donald E. Graham, Chairman of the            Ralph E. Gomory, Director
 Board and Chief Executive Office           
 (Principal Executive Officer)              
 and Director                               
                                            
                                            
                                            
                 /s/ Alan G. Spoon                       /s/ Donald R. Keough
- -------------------------------------        -----------------------------------
 Alan G. Spoon, President, Chief              Donald R. Keough, Director
 Operating Officer and Director             
                                            
                                            
                                            
                /s/ Katharine Graham                 /s/ Barabara Scott Preiskel
- -------------------------------------        -----------------------------------
 Katharine Graham, Chairman of the            Barbara Scott Preiskel, Director
 Executive Committee of the Board           
 and Director                               
                                            
                                            
               /s/ John B. Morse, Jr.                 /s/ William J. Ruane
- -------------------------------------        -----------------------------------
John B. Morse, Jr., Vice President-           William J. Ruane, Director
Finance (Principal Financial and            
Accounting Officer)                         
                                            
                                            
                                            
                 /s/ James E. Burke                  /s/ Richard D. Simmons
- -------------------------------------        -----------------------------------
 James E. Burke, Director                     Richard D. Simmons, Director
                                            
                                            
                                            
                  /s/ Martin Cohen                   /s/ George W. Wilson
- -------------------------------------        -----------------------------------
Martin Cohen, Director                        George W. Wilson, Director
                                            
                                            
            /s/ George J. Gillespie, III    
- ----------------------------------------
George J. Gillespie, III, Director         






</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>8
<DESCRIPTION>FINANCIAL DATA SCHEDULE
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 5
<LEGEND>
THE WASHINGTON POST COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
FINANCIAL DATA SCHEDULE
IN ACCORDANCE WITH ITEM 601(C) OF REGULATIONS S-K AND S-B
(in 000's, except per share amounts)

THIS SCHEDULE CONTAINS SUMMARY INFORMATION EXTRACTED FROM THE CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF INCOME FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1995 AND THE CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEET AS OF DECEMBER 31, 1995 AND IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY
REFERENCE TO SUCH FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
</LEGEND>
<MULTIPLIER> 1,000
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          DEC-31-1995
<PERIOD-END>                               DEC-31-1995
<CASH>                                         146,901
<SECURITIES>                                    12,756
<RECEIVABLES>                                  242,662
<ALLOWANCES>                                    41,964
<INVENTORY>                                     26,766
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                               406,570
<PP&E>                                         993,050
<DEPRECIATION>                                 535,691
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                               1,732,893
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                          308,177
<BONDS>                                              0
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                          0
<COMMON>                                        20,000
<OTHER-SE>                                   1,164,204
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                 1,732,893
<SALES>                                              0
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                             1,719,449
<CGS>                                                0
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                  948,088
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                     0
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                57,233
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                               5,600
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                311,396
<INCOME-TAX>                                   121,300
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                            190,096
<DISCONTINUED>                                       0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                   190,096
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                   $17.15
<EPS-DILUTED>                                   $17.15
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
