<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000107681-95-000016.txt : 19950905
<IMS-HEADER>0000107681-95-000016.hdr.sgml : 19950905
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000107681-95-000016
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		6
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19950628
FILED AS OF DATE:		19950828
SROS:			NYSE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WINN DIXIE STORES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000107681
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	5411
		IRS NUMBER:				590514290
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0627

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-03657
		FILM NUMBER:		95567396

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5050 EDGEWOOD CT
		CITY:			JACKSONVILLE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32205
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9047835000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX B
		CITY:			JACKSONVILLE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32202

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WINN & LOVETT GROCERY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19710927

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WINN & LOVETT GROCERY CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19671119
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>1995 10-K
<TEXT>

                                 UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                            WASHINGTON, D. C. 20549


                                   FORM 10-K


(Mark One)
    *       ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
                        SECURITIES  EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                    For the fiscal year ended June 28, 1995

                                       OR

                    TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
                        SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the transition period from  ________________________ to ___________________

                         Commission File Number 1-3657

                       _________________________________
                            WINN-DIXIE STORES, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

          Florida                                          59-0514290
(State of other jurisdiction of                          ( IRS Employer
incorporation or organization)                          Identification No.)

       5050 Edgewood Court, Jacksonville, Florida              32254-3699
       (Address of  principal executive offices)                (Zip Code)

                            Area Code (904) 783-5000
              (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                                                 Name of each exchange
Title of each class                               on which registered
Common Stock Par Value $1.00 Per Share          New York Stock Exchange

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
                                      None
                                (Title of class)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes * No ___


Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form or any amendment to this Form
10-K.  [ ]


The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the
registrant, based upon the closing sale price of common stock on July 31, 1995
as reported on the New York Stock Exchange was approximately $2,509,203,972.
Shares of common stock held by each executive officer and director and by
principal shareholders filing Schedules 13D and 13G have been excluded in that
such persons may be deemed to be affiliates.  The determination of affiliate
status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes.

As of July 31, 1995, registrant had outstanding 75,540,202 shares of common
stock.


DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE:  Portions of the registrant's Proxy
Statement in respect to the 1995 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated
by reference in Part III hereof, as more specifically described herein.
<PAGE>
                                     PART I

ITEM 1:  BUSINESS

General

Winn-Dixie Stores, Inc., organized in Florida on December 26, 1928, is a major
food retailer with 1,175 stores in fourteen states and the Bahama Islands.
According to published reports of sales at June 28, 1995 the Company was the
fifth largest in United States supermarket sales.

All of the Company's subsidiaries except Bahamas Supermarkets Limited are
wholly-owned.  Except where the context indicates otherwise, the term "Company"
includes the parent company and all of its subsidi- aries, collectively.

Financial information on industry segments and lines of business is omitted
because, apart from the principal business of operating retail self-service food
stores, the Company had no other lines of business or industry segments.

Store Formats and Business Strategy

The business of the Company is the operation of a chain of retail self-service
food stores which sell groceries, meats, seafood, fresh produce, deli/bakery,
pharmaceuticals and general merchandise items.  The Company's stores offer broad
lines of merchandise, including nationally advertised and private label brands
and unbranded merchandise (principally meats, seafood and produce), and
generally operate on the basis of competitive pricing.  Food items sold include
dry groceries, dairy products, baked goods, meats, poultry, fish, fresh fruit,
vegetables, frozen foods and other items commonly marketed by retail food
stores.  The Company's stores also sell many general merchandise items, such as
magazines, soaps, paper products, health and cosmetic products, hardware and
numerous small household items.  Many locations have ancillary departments such
as pharmacies, photo labs, dry cleaners and in-store banks.  At June 28, 1995,
the Company operated 1,175 retail stores of which 433 were located in Florida,
129 in North Carolina, 126 in Georgia, 87 in Alabama, 82 in South Carolina, 74
in Louisiana, 69 in Texas, 60 in Kentucky, 34 in Virginia, 21 in Ohio, 19 in
Tennessee, 18 in Mississippi, 14 in the Bahamas, 7 in Oklahoma and 2 in Indiana.
Such stores were operated under the names of "Winn-Dixie" (730), "Marketplace"
(407), "Thriftway" (25), "The City Meat Markets" (12) and "Buddies" (1).

Support and Other Services

The following table shows the locations of the Company's distribution centers
and its manufacturing and processing plants, as well as the principal products
produced in the plants:

LOCATION                                                  FACILITIES
______________________________________________________________________________

ALABAMA
        Montgomery       Distribution center; Plants:  milk bottling and
                         frozen pizza

FLORIDA
        Jacksonville     Two distribution centers; Plants:  detergents; paper
                         bags; and coffee, tea and spices
        Madison          Plant:  meat processing
        Miami            Distribution center;  Plant:  milk bottling
        Orlando          Distribution center
        Bartow           Plant:  egg processing
        Plant City       Plants:  ice cream and milk bottling
        Pompano          Distribution center
        Sarasota         Distribution center
        Tampa            Distribution center

GEORGIA
        Atlanta          Distribution center
        Fitzgerald       Plants:  jams, jellies, mayonnaise, salad dressing,
                         peanut butter and condiments; canned and bottled
                         carbonated beverages
        Gainesville      Plants:  oleomargarine; natural cheese cutting and
                         wrapping, processed cheese and pimento cheese
        Valdosta         Plants:  crackers and cookies; and snacks

KENTUCKY
        Louisville       Distribution center

LOUISIANA
        New Orleans      Distribution center
        Hammond          Distribution center; Plant:  milk bottling

NORTH CAROLINA
        Charlotte        Distribution center
        Raleigh          Distribution center
        High Point       Plants:  milk bottling and cultured products

SOUTH CAROLINA
        Greenville       Distribution center;  Plants: ice cream and milk
                         bottling

TEXAS
        Fort Worth       Distribution center;  Plant: milk bottling

BAHAMAS
        Nassau           Distribution center



An insignificant portion of the production of the coffee, tea, detergent,
cheese, oleomargarine, egg, condiments, carbonated beverage and cookie plants is
sold to others.

Types of products produced by the Company for sale in its stores are described
above.  Services provided by the Company such as check cashing are incidental to
the total business.

The Company has not publicly announced, or otherwise made public, information
about any new product or industry segment which would require the investment of
a material amount of the assets of the Company or which otherwise is material.

Sources of available raw materials are factors which do not affect the Company
in any different manner than they affect other manufacturers and processors of
the goods identified.

Patents and trademarks owned by the Company are not of material importance to
its operations.

Seasonality does not materially affect the business of the Company.  However,
due to the influx of winter residents to the Sunbelt, Florida in particular, and
increased purchases of food items for the Thanksgiving and Christmas holiday
seasons, there is a seasonal sales increase during the period of November -
April each fiscal year.

The Company and other food retailers have no unusual working capital
requirements.

The business of the Company is not dependent upon a single or a few customers.
The Company does not sell goods or services in an amount which equals 10 percent
or more of the Company's consolidated sales to any single customer or group of
customers under common control or to any affiliated group of customers.

Backlog ordering is not a factor in the business of the Company.

No portion of the business of the Company is subject to renegotiation of profits
or termination of contracts or subcontracts at the election of any government.

Marketing and Competition

In all areas in which the Company operates, the business is highly competitive
with local and national food chain stores as well as with independent stores and
markets.  Many factors enter into the competition, including price, quality of
goods and services, product mix and convenience.

The retail food industry is extremely competitive.  Each division faces somewhat
different competitive conditions.  The following table lists the major
competitors for each division.

Division              Major Competitors

Jacksonville          Publix, Albertson's, Piggly Wiggly (Bruno), Food Lion,
                      Super K

Tampa/Sarasota        Publix, Kash N Karry, Albertson's, Food Lion, Wal-Mart
                      Supercenter, U-Save

Montgomery            Bruno, Delchamps, Wal-Mart Supercenter

Miami/Pompano         Publix, XTRA, Sedano's, Albertson's

Orlando               Publix, Albertson's, Goodings, Food Lion, Wal-Mart
                      Supercenter

Greenville            Food Lion, Bi-Lo, Super K, Publix, Harris-Teeter

Raleigh               Food Lion, Harris-Teeter, Kroger, Hannaford, U-Krops

Charlotte             Food Lion, Harris-Teeter, Bi-Lo

Atlanta               Kroger, Ingles, A&P, Cub, Publix, Harris-Teeter

Midwest               Kroger, Wal-Mart Supercenter, Biggs

New Orleans           Delchamps, Schwegmans, Albertson's

Fort Worth            Kroger, Albertson's, Minyards, Food Lion, Randall's,
                      Wal-Mart Supercenter

Bahamas               Supervalu


Additionally, local chains and wholesaler-supported independents are well
represented in all regions.

Winn-Dixie is considered a major competitor in all geographic areas in which it
competes.

The Company did not spend a material amount on Company-sponsored research and
development activities or on Company-sponsored research activities relating to
the development of new products, services or techniques, or the improvement of
existing products, services or techniques during any of the years in the
three-year period ended June 28, 1995.

Government Regulation

The Company's compliance with federal, state and local provisions which have
been enacted or adopted regulating the discharge of materials into the
environment, or otherwise relating to the protection of the environment has not
had, and is not expected to have, a material effect on its capital expenditures,
earnings or competitive position.

Associates

At the end of fiscal 1995, the Company had 47,000 full-time and 76,000 part-time
associates.

Bahamas

All sales are to customers within the United States and the Bahama Islands.  The
Company exports an insignificant amount of merchandise to its subsidiaries in
the Bahamas which operate 14 retail food stores as outlined above.

Stores

All of the retail stores operated by the Company are on premises occupied on a
rental basis.  See "Note 9 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements",
page F-14, included herein.

Support Properties

The warehousing and distribution centers are rented under leases due to expire
as follows:  Atlanta - 2020; Greenville - 2020; Jacksonville (Edgewood) - 2020;
Louisville - 2020; Miami - 2017; Montgomery - 2017; New Orleans - 2017; Raleigh
- 2017; Sarasota - 2017; Tampa - 2017; Fort Worth - 2016; Hammond - 2016;
Jacksonville (Commonwealth) - 2011; Orlando - 2005; Charlotte - 2004 and Pompano
- 2003.  All of these contain renewal options, which vary from lease to lease.

The Deep South plant in Orlando, Florida, is no longer in operation and has been
replaced with a new facility.  This property is now owned in fee by the Company
and is being held for sale.

The Company's Valdosta cracker and cookie bakery; Fort Worth dairy plant;
Madison meat processing plant; Plant City ice cream and milk bottling plants;
Miami reclaim center; and Gainesville oleomargarine and cheese processing and
packaging plants are owned in fee.

The Company's Greenville ice cream and milk bottling plants; Jacksonville
coffee, tea and spices processing, detergent and bag plants; Montgomery milk
bottling plant; and Hammond milk bottling plant are situated at the leased
warehousing and distribution center locations in those cities.  The Bartow egg
processing plant; High Point milk bottling and cultured products plants;
Montgomery frozen pizza plant; and the Fitzgerald jam, jellies, mayonnaise,
salad dressing, peanut butter and condiments and canned and bottled carbonated
beverage plants are rented under leases.

All of the above support properties are considered to be in excellent condition.


ITEM 3:  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

There are pending against the Company various claims and lawsuits arising in the
normal course of business, including suits charging violations of certain civil
rights laws.

The U.S.  Environmental Protection Agency has notified the Company that it is
one of the many potentially responsible parties (PRPs) for cleanup of two
designated Superfund sites located in Tampa, Florida, three such sites in
Jacksonville, Florida (2 related sites), one site in Madison, Florida, one site
in Charlotte, North Carolina and one site in Pembrook Park, Florida.  The
Company may be a PRP for cleanup of one non- Superfund site in Tarrant County,
Texas.  Although cleanup costs are believed to be substantial, accurate
estimates will not be available until studies have been completed at the sites.

The Company has entered into orders by consent with numerous other PRPs to
conduct studies and do cleanup for three of the Superfund sites and is
negotiating an agreement with PRPs who are under an order at two other Superfund
sites to determine the most cost-effective way to clean up such sites.  Although
under federal statutes the Company is jointly and severally liable for cleanup
costs at each location, the Company's share of total costs is estimated not to
exceed $400,000 for four of the Superfund sites and the Texas site.

The Company believes it is not a responsible party for cleanup of the Madison,
Florida, and Tarrant County, Texas, sites and has no estimate of costs for those
matters.  Other than these two and the New Mexico site mentioned below, these
involve wastes the Company paid to be properly disposed and were mishandled by
disposal companies or public disposal sites.

At one of the Tampa sites, the Company is one of 14 parties named as respondents
in a Unilateral Administrative Order for Remedial Design and Remedial Action
under 47 U.S.C.  Section 9606(a) relating to a disposal site formerly operated
by Hillsborough County, Florida.  The parties are ordered to operate, maintain
and monitor a water cleaning system and perform Remedial Design for the site.
The costs to the Company are estimated at $50,000 in fiscal year 1995 with some
credits still available for this year, with additional annual costs for an
indefinite period thereafter.

The Company is also involved in the cleanup of a fuel tank leak at a New Mexico
site formerly owned by it.  The cleanup costs are to be prorated with others on
the basis of the total time of ownership of the participants.  The Company's
share is 15% of the total costs estimated to be less than $150,000, with minimal
annual monitoring costs thereafter.

It is the Company's policy to accrue and charge against earnings the
environmental cleanup costs when it is probable that a liability has been
incurred and an amount can be reasonably estimated, including evaluation of the
other PRPs' ability to pay.  The Company believes its ultimate liability as to
these environmental matters will not necessitate significant capital outlays,
will not materially affect the annual earnings of the Company, nor cause
material changes in the Company's business.  It is not possible to quantify
future environmental costs because many issues relate to actions by third
parties or changes in environmental regulation.

Although the amount of liability with respect to all other claims and lawsuits
cannot be ascertained, management is of the opinion that any resulting liability
will not have a material effect on the Company's consolidated earnings or
financial position.


ITEM 4:  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

There were no matters submitted to a vote of security holders during the quarter
ended June 28, 1995.

Executive Officers of the Registrant

Set forth below is certain information concerning the executive officers of the
Company:


                                                              YEAR    YEAR FIRST
                     AGE IN                                 APPOINTED  EMPLOYED
                    YEARS AT                              TO  CURRENT    BY
NAME                06-28-95  OFFICE HELD                   POSITION  WINN-DIXIE

A. Dano Davis         50      Chairman of the Board and       1988      1968
                              Principal Executive Officer

James Kufeldt         57      President                       1988      1961

C. H. McKellar        57      Executive Vice President        1988      1957

E. T. Walters         61      Senior Vice President           1989      1959

C. E. Winge           50      Senior Vice President           1988      1963

T. E. McDonald        58      Senior Vice President           1986      1955

H. E. Hess            55      Senior Vice President           1988      1958

R. P. McCook          42      Financial Vice President and    1984      1984
                              Principal Financial Officer

L. H. May             50      Vice President                  1989      1964

E. E. Zahra, Jr.      48      Vice President and General      1995      1995
                              Counsel

D. H. Bragin          51      Treasurer                       1985      1961

R. J. Brocato         51      Vice President                  1993      1963

R. D. Buday           52      Vice President                  1995      1971

W. C. Calkins         56      Vice President                  1987      1958

J. W. Critchlow       48      Vice President                  1988      1967

R. J. Ehster          54      Vice President                  1983      1958

D. G. Lafever         46      Vice President                  1990      1966

H. E. Miller          63      Vice President                  1984      1956

J. R. Pownall         58      Vice President                  1986      1955

L. J. Sadlowski       54      Vice President                  1983      1961

R. A. Sevin           52      Vice President                  1987      1961

B. B. Tripp           58      Vice President                  1987      1954

D. L. Whitford        47      Vice President                  1991      1964


All of the officers listed above, with the exception of E. E. Zahra, Jr., have
been employed for the past five years in either the same capacity as listed, or
in a position with the Company which was consistent in occupation with the
present assignment.  Prior to becoming General Counsel, Mr. Zahra was the
managing partner of the Jacksonville office of LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene and MacRae
LLP, an international law firm.

Officers are elected annually by the Board of Directors and serve for a one-year
period or until their successors are elected.  No officers have employment
contracts with the Company.

                                    PART II

ITEM 5:  MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED
         SHAREHOLDER MATTERS

The principal market on which the Company's common stock is traded is the New
York Stock Exchange.  The number of record holders of the Company's common stock
as of July 31, 1995 was 44,562.

Information required by this Item concerning sales prices of the Company's
common stock and the frequency and amount of dividends is hereby incorporated by
reference to "Note 12 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements", page
F-18 included herein.

ITEM 6:  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

The information required by this Item is on page F-1 included herein.

ITEM 7:  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
         RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The information required by this Item is on page F-2 included herein.

ITEM 8:  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

Financial statements and supplementary data are as set forth in the "Index to
Consolidated Financial Statements, Supporting Schedules and Supplemental Data"
on page 13 included herein.

ITEM 9:  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
         AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

There have been no disagreements on accounting and financial disclosure between
the Company and its auditors within the 24 months prior to June 28, 1995.

                                    PART III

ITEM 10:  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

ITEM 11:  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

ITEM 12:  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND
          MANAGEMENT

ITEM 13:  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

The information required by these Items are incorporated herein by reference to
the Company's definitive proxy statement to be filed on, or before, September 1,
1995 in connection with its Annual Meeting of Shareholders.



                                    PART IV

ITEM 14:  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

Financial Statements and Schedules:

  (a)  Exhibit and Financial Statements and Schedules

       (1)     Financial Statements:

               See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements, Supporting
               Schedules and Supplemental Data on page 13 included herein.

       (2)     Financial Statement Schedules:

               See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements, Supporting
               Schedules and Supplemental Data on page 13 included herein.

Exhibits:

Certain of the following exhibits which have heretofore been filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act of 1933 or the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and which are designated in prior filings as
noted below, are hereby incorporated by reference and made a part hereof:

Exhibit                                         Incorporated by
Number  Description of Exhibit                  Reference From

3.1     Restated Articles of Incorporation as   Previously filed as Exhibit 3.1
        filed with the Secretary of State of    to Form 10-K for the year ended
        Florida.                                June 30, 1993, which Exhibit is
                                                herein incorporated by
                                                reference.*

3.1.1   Amendment adopted October 7, 1992, to   Previously filed as Exhibit
        Restated Articles of Incorporation.     3.1.1 to Form 10-K for the year
                                                ended June 30, 1993, which
                                                Exhibit is herein incorporated
                                                by reference.*

3.1.2   Amendment adopted October 5, 1994, to   Previously filed as Exhibit
        Restated Articles of Incorporation.     3.1.2 to Form 10-Q for the
                                                quarter ended January 11, 1995,
                                                which Exhibit is herein
                                                incorporated by reference.*

3.2    Restated By-Laws of the Registrant as
       amended through June 21, 1995.


9.1    Agreement of Shareholders of D.D.I.,     Previously filed as Exhibit 9.1
       Inc. (formerly Vadis Investments, Inc.)  to Form 10-K for the year ended
       dated April 19, 1989.                    June 30, 1993, which Exhibit is
                                                herein incorporated by
                                                reference.*

10.1    Annual Officer Incentive Compensation   Previously filed as Exhibit 10.2
        Plan as amended, effective June 17,     to Form 10-K for the year ended
        1991.                                   June 30, 1993, which Exhibit is
                                                herein incorporated by
                                                reference.*

10.2    Long-term Officer Incentive             Previously filed as Exhibit 10.3
        Compensation Plan as amended,           to Form 10-K for the year ended
        effective June 27, 1991.                June 30, 1993, which Exhibit is
                                                herein incorporated by
                                                reference.*

10.3    Key Employee Stock Option Plan          Previously filed as Exhibit 10.5
        effective January 24, 1990, as          to Form 10-K for the year ended
        amended through October 7, 1992.        June 30, 1993, which Exhibit is
                                                herein incorporated by
                                                reference.*

10.3.1  Amendment adopted June 22, 1994 to      Previously filed as Exhibit
        Key Employee Stock Option Plan          10.5.1 to Form 10-Q for the
                                                quarter ended January 11, 1995,
                                                which Exhibit is herein
                                                incorporated by reference.*

10.3.2  Amendment adopted July 25, 1994 to      Previously filed as Exhibit
        Key Employee Stock Option Plan          10.5.2 to Form 10-Q for the
                                                quarter ended January 11, 1995,
                                                which Exhibit is herein
                                                incorporated by reference.*

10.4    Supplemental Retirement Plan dated      Previously filed as Exhibit
        July 1, 1994.                           10.6 to Form 10-K for the year
                                                ended June 29, 1994, which
                                                Exhibit is herein incorporated
                                                by reference.*

11.1    Computation of Earnings Per Share.

21.1    Subsidiaries of Winn-Dixie Stores, Inc.

23.1    Consent of KPMG Peat Marwick LLP.


* Incorporated herein by reference as indicated

  (b)     Reports on Form 8-K:

          The Company did not file any reports on Form 8-K during the quarter
          ended June 28, 1995.



SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                        WINN-DIXIE STORES, INC.


                                        By        A. DANO DAVIS
                                        A. Dano Davis, Chairman


                                       Date     August 25, 1995

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 this report
has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and
in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



A. DANO DAVIS           Chairman (Principal                   August 25, 1995
A. Dano Davis )         Executive Officer) and Director

JAMES KUFELDT           President and Director                August 25, 1995
(James Kufeldt)

RICHARD P. MCCOOK       Financial Vice President              August 25, 1995
(Richard P. McCook)     (Principal Financial Officer)


DAVID H. BRAGIN         Treasurer (Principal Accounting       August 25, 1995
(David H. Bragin)       Officer)

ROBERT D. DAVIS         Director                              August 25, 1995
(Robert D. Davis)

                        Director
(T. Wayne Davis)

CHARLES H. MC KELLAR    Director                              August 25, 1995
(Charles H. McKellar)

RADFORD D. LOVETT       Director                              August 25, 1995
(Radford D. Lovett)

CHARLES P. STEPHENS     Director                              August 25, 1995
(Charles P. Stephens)

                        Director
(Armando M. Codina)


DAVID F. MILLER         Director                              August 25, 1995
(David F. Miller)

                        Director
(Carleton T. Rider)

JULIA B. NORTH          Director                              August 25, 1995
(Julia B. North)


<PAGE>
                    WINN-DIXIE STORES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                  INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS,
                   SUPPORTING SCHEDULES AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA

Selected Financial Data                                                      F-1

Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
   and Results of Operations                                                 F-2

Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplemental Data:

   Independent Auditors' Report                                              F-4

   Report of Management                                                      F-4

   Consolidated Statements of Earnings, Years ended
      June 28, 1995, June 29, 1994 and June 30, 1993                         F-5

   Consolidated Balance Sheets, June 28, 1995 and June 29, 1994              F-6

   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, Years ended
      June 28, 1995, June 29, 1994 and June 30, 1993                         F-7

   Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity, Years
      ended June 28, 1995, June 29, 1994 and June 30, 1993                   F-8

   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                                F-9

Financial Statement Schedules:

   Independent Auditors' Report on Financial Statement Schedules             S-1

   VIII    Consolidated Valuation and Qualifying  Accounts, Years
              ended June 28, 1995, June 29, 1994 and June 30, 1993           S-2


All other schedules are omitted either because they are not applicable or
because information required therein is shown in the Financial Statements or
Notes thereto.
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                                             SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
<CAPTION>
                                                                 1995       1994     1993<F1>    1992       1991
                                                            Dollars in millions except per share data
<S>                                                            <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
Sales
   Net sales                                             $     11,788     11,082     10,832     10,337     10,074
   Percent increase                                               6.4        2.3        4.8        2.6        3.4
   Average annual sales per store                        $         10        9.6        9.4        8.7        8.3
Earnings Summary
   Gross profit                                          $      2,723      2,534      2,446      2,360      2,261
      Percent of sales                                           23.1       22.9       22.6       22.8       22.4
   LIFO charge (credit)                                  $          7         -2          1        -11          9
   Operating and administrative expenses                 $      2,462      2,270      2,197      2,137      2,100
      Percent of sales                                           20.9       20.5       20.3       20.7       20.8
   Net earnings                                          $        232        216        236        196        171
      Per share                                          $       3.11        2.9       3.11       2.55        2.2
   Percent of net earnings to sales                                 2          2        2.2        1.9        1.7
   Percent of net earnings to average equity                     20.2       21.2       24.4       21.6       20.4
EBITDA                                                   $      569.3      520.2      522.9      469.9        386
Dividends
   Dividends paid                                        $      116.5      107.4      100.5         92       84.1
   Percent of net earnings                                       50.2       49.7       42.5       46.9       49.2
   Per share (present rate $1.68)                        $       1.56       1.44       1.32        1.2       1.08
Common Stock  (WIN)
   Total shares outstanding (000,000)                            75.6       74.2         75       76.9       77.1
        NYSE-Stock price range
        Common - High                                    $      57.88      67.75      79.75      44.63      41.25
                   Low                                   $      42.63       43.5      41.63      34.63         29
Financial Data
   Cash flow information:
      Net cash provided by operating activities          $      416.4      436.3        213      338.3      190.8
      Net cash used in investing activities              $      381.5      214.7       81.4      216.9       55.1
      Net cash used in financing activities              $       35.9      212.4      128.7      109.2      135.8
   Capital expenditures, net                             $      371.6      277.7      194.8      164.5      154.7
   Depreciation and amortization                         $      200.9      157.4      141.1      126.9      113.4
   Working capital                                       $      425.5        488      544.7      550.8      435.8
   Current ratio                                                  1.4        1.6        1.6        1.7        1.6
   Total assets                                          $      2,483      2,147      2,063      1,977      1,817
   Obligations under capital leases                      $         78         85         87         90         97
   Shareholders' equity                                  $      1,241      1,057        985        952        860
   Book value per share                                  $      16.43      14.26      13.14      12.39      11.15
Stores
   In operation at year-end                                     1,175      1,159<F2>  1,151      1,189      1,207
   Opened and acquired during year                                108         60         40         35         46
   Closed or sold during year                                      92         66         78         53         56
   Enlarged or remodeled during year                               86         87         73         65         54
   New/enlarged/remodeled  in last five years                     654        535        475        464        481
      Percent to total stores in operation                       55.7       46.2       41.3         39       39.9
   Year-end retail square footage (000,000)                      43.8       40.7         39       38.6       37.9
   Average store size at year-end (000)                          37.3       35.1       33.9       32.4       31.4
Other Year-end Data
   Associates (000)                                               123        112        105        102        106
   Shareholder accounts (000)                                    44.8       39.5       41.4       42.8       39.4
   Shareholders per store                                          38         34         36         36         33
Taxes
   Federal, state and local                              $        261        261        255        233        207
   Per share                                             $       3.49        3.5       3.35       3.04       2.65
<FN>
<F1> 53 Weeks
<F2> Includes 14 stores from Bahamas consolidation
                                                               F-1
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
                    Management's Discussion and Analysis of
                 Financial Condition and Results of Operations

Results of Operations.

Sales for 1995 were $11.8 billion, compared to $11.1 billion for 1994, up 6.4%.
Average weekly store sales increased 6.8% for the year, while identical store
sales increased 3.0%.  Sales for the fourth quarter of 1995 were $2.9 billion,
compared to $2.6 billion for the fourth quarter of 1994, up 11.5%.  For the
quarter, average store sales increased 9.5%, while identical store sales
increased 3.8%.  Sales for the fourth quarter were positively affected by
approximately 1.0% due to Easter falling in the fourth quarter versus the third
quarter last year.  Excluding the acquisition of Thriftway, sales for the year
would have been $11.7 billion, an increase of 5.3%, and for the fourth quarter,
$2.8 billion, an increase of 7.0%.

In fiscal year 1995, the Company opened and acquired 108 stores averaging 47,100
square feet, enlarged or remodeled 86 stores and closed 92 stores, averaging
27,300 square feet.

As a percent of sales, gross profit margins were 23.1%, 22.9% and 22.6% in
fiscal 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively.  The increase in gross profit margins
is a result of an improved inventory mix in our larger stores.  Approximately
91% of the Company's inventories are valued under the LIFO (last-in, first-out)
method.  The LIFO calculations resulted in a $7.3 million pre-tax decrease in
gross profit in 1995, a pre-tax increase in gross profit of $2.0 million in 1994
and a pre-tax decrease in gross profit of $0.5 million in 1993.

Operating and administrative expenses, as a percent of sales, were 20.9%, 20.5%
and 20.3% in fiscal 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively.  Our major increases in
operating and administrative expenses are due to a higher payroll percentage in
our larger stores, insurance premiums, occupancy cost and depreciation expense.

Cash discounts and other income amounted to $106.9 million, $98.1 million and
$132.4 million in 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively.  The increase in 1995 is
due to an increase in cash discounts resulting from an increase in purchases of
merchandise for resale.  The decrease in 1994 is attributable to a reduction in
financial income, including the elimination of dividends from our Bahamas
subsidiary.  Gains (losses) on the sales of securities and other assets amounted
to $0.0 million in 1995, $(3.2) million in 1994 and $4.5 million in 1993.
Investment income amounted to $0.5 million, $4.0 million and $8.4 million in
fiscal 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively.

Interest expense totaled $14.3 million, $14.3 million and $18.1 million in
fiscal 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively.  Interest expense primarily reflects a
computation of interest on capital lease obligations.  The 1995 increase in
other interest expense is due to an increase in short-term borrowings.  The 1994
decrease in other interest expense was due to a decrease in short term
borrowings.

Earnings before income taxes were $354.0 million, $348.5 million and $363.7
million in fiscal 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively.  The 1995 increase in
pre-tax earnings is primarily a result of an increase in gross profit margin
from a better inventory mix and an increase in cash discounts and other income.
The decrease in pretax earnings in 1994 was primarily the result of a decrease
in other income.  The effective income tax rates were 34.4%, 38.0% and 35.0% for
fiscal 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively.

Net earnings amounted to $232.2 million, or $3.11 per share for 1995, $216.1
million, or $2.90 per share for 1994 and $236.4 million, or $3.11 per share for
1993.  The LIFO calculations decreased net earnings by $4.6 million, or $0.06
per share in 1995, increased earnings by $1.1 million, or $0.01 per share for
1994 and decreased net earnings by $0.3 million, or $0.00 per share for 1993.

                              F-2
<PAGE>
Liquidity and Capital Resources.

The Company's financial condition remains very sound and very strong.  Cash and
cash equivalents amounted to $30.4 million at year-end.  Cash provided by
operating activities amounted to $416.4 million in 1995, $436.3 million in 1994
and $213.0 million in 1993.

Net capital expenditures totaled $371.6 million, compared to $277.7 million for
the previous year.  These expenditures were for new store locations, store
enlargements and remodelings, and the expansion of a warehouse facility.  Total
capital investment in Company retail and support facilities, including operating
leases, is estimated to be $650 million in 1995 and projected to be $700 million
in 1996.  The Company has no material construction or purchase commitments
outstanding as of June 28, 1995.

Working capital amounted to $425.5 million, $488.0 million and $544.7 million
for 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively.  Inventories on a FIFO (first-in,
first-out) basis increased $108.0 million, primarily due to the increase in the
number of stores and our store enlargement program.

The Company has an authorized $200 million commercial paper program.  In support
of these programs, or as an independent source of funds, the Company also has
$265 million of short- term lines of credit.  These lines of credit are
available at any time during the year and are renewable on an annual basis.
There was $5.0 million borrowed against the bank lines of credit at the end of
1995 as compared to $9.5 million at the end of 1994.  There was $125.0 million
in commercial paper outstanding at the end of 1995.  There was no commercial
paper outstanding at the end of 1994.

Excluding capital lease obligations, the Company had no outstanding long-term
debt as of June 28, 1995 or June 29, 1994.

The Company's cash flow from operations and available credit facilities are
considered adequate to fund both the short-term and long-term capital needs of
the Company.

The Company has been notified as one of the many Potentially Responsible Parties
by the Environmental Protection Agency with respect to the clean up of hazardous
wastes at seven Superfund sites and one additional site.  The Company is in the
process of determining the potential liability and the most cost-effective way
to clean up such sites.  The Company believes its ultimate liability as to these
environmental matters will not necessitate significant capital outlays, will not
materially affect the annual earnings of the Company, nor cause material changes
in the Company's business.

Impact of Inflation.

Winn-Dixie's primary costs, inventory and labor, increase with inflation.
Recovery of these costs has to come from improved operating efficiencies and, to
the extent permitted by our competition, through improved gross profit margins.

                                      F-3
<PAGE>
                          INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

The Shareholders and the Board of Directors
Winn-Dixie Stores, Inc.:

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Winn-Dixie
Stores, Inc. and subsidiaries as of June 28, 1995 and June 29, 1994, and the
related consolidated statements of earnings, shareholders' equity, and cash
flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended June 28, 1995.  These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's
management.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated
financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards.  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.  An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Winn-Dixie Stores,
Inc. and subsidiaries at June 28, 1995 and June 29, 1994, and the results of
their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the three-year
period ended June 28, 1995, in conformity with generally accepted accounting
principles.



                                        KPMG  Peat Marwick LLP
                                        Certified Public Accountants

Jacksonville, Florida
July 31, 1995

                              REPORT OF MANAGEMENT

The Company is responsible for the preparation, integrity and objectivity of the
consolidated financial statements and related information appearing in the
Annual Report.  The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent
basis and include amounts that are based on management's best estimates and
judgments.

Management is also responsible for maintaining a system of internal controls
that provides reasonable assurance that the accounting records properly reflect
the transactions of the Company, that assets are safeguarded and that the
consolidated financial statements present fairly the financial position and
operating results.  As part of the Company's controls, the internal audit staff
conducts examinations in each of the retail and manufacturing divisions of the
Company.

The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, composed entirely of outside
directors, meets periodically to review the results of audit reports and other
accounting and financial reporting matters with the independent certified public
accountants and the internal auditors.


  A. Dano Davis                         Richard P. McCook
  Chairman of the Board                 Financial Vice President
  and Principal Executive Officer       and Principal Financial Officer

                              F-4
<PAGE>
                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS
           Years ended June 28, 1995, June 29, 1994 and June 30, 1993

                                                   1995        1994       1993*
                                     Amounts in thousands except per share data

Net sales                                  $ 11,787,843  11,082,169  10,831,535
Cost of sales, including warehousing
        and delivery expense                  9,064,536   8,547,681   8,385,412
     Gross profit on sales                    2,723,307   2,534,488   2,446,123
Operating and administrative expenses         2,461,883   2,269,803   2,196,721
     Operating income                           261,424     264,685     249,402
Cash discounts and other income, net            106,901      98,085     132,398
                                                368,325     362,770     381,800
Interest:
    Interest on capital lease obligations        10,086      11,285      11,571
    Other interest                                4,244       2,986       6,560
     Total interest                              14,330      14,271      18,131
Earnings before income taxes                    353,995     348,499     363,669
Income taxes                                    121,808     132,382     127,284
Net earnings                               $    232,187     216,117     236,385

Earnings per share                         $       3.11        2.90        3.11

* 53 Weeks
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.


                                      F-5
<PAGE>
                          CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                        June 28, 1995 and June 29, 1994

                                                             1995         1994
                                                           Amounts in thousands
Assets
Current Assets:
   Cash and cash equivalents                          $    30,414        31,451
   Trade and other receivables, less allowance for
     doubtful items of $1,105,000 ($834,000 in 1994)      151,912       171,854
   Associate stock loans                                   10,615         1,776
   Merchandise inventories at lower of cost or market
     reserve of $212,485,000 ($205,172,000 in 1994)     1,159,584     1,058,883
   Prepaid expenses                                       103,135        97,220
      Total current assets                              1,455,660     1,361,184
Investments and other assets:
   Cash surrender value of life insurance, net             41,411        25,094
   Other assets                                            58,873        12,493
      Total investments and other assets                  100,284        37,587
Deferred income taxes                                      29,025        41,024
Net property, plant and equipment                         897,823       706,779
                                                      $ 2,482,792     2,146,574
Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity
Current Liabilities:
   Accounts payable                                   $   555,551       516,806
   Short-term borrowings                                  130,000         9,500
   Reserve for insurance claims and self-insurance         59,373        60,510
   Accrued wages and salaries                              77,396        68,238
   Accrued rent                                            54,888        58,313
   Accrued expenses                                       130,285       126,550
   Current obligations under capital leases                 3,298         3,462
   Income taxes                                            19,331        29,787
      Total current liabilities                         1,030,122       873,166
Obligations under capital leases                           77,653        85,374
Defined benefit plan                                       28,328        22,852
Reserve for insurance claims and self insurance           103,384       105,417
Other liabilities                                           2,098         2,304
Shareholders' equity:
   Common stock of $1 par value  Authorized
      200,000,000 shares; issued 75,560,987 shares in
      1995 and 74,176,356 shares in 1994                   75,561        74,176
   Retained earnings                                    1,165,646       983,285
      Total shareholders' equity                        1,241,207     1,057,461
Commitments and contingent liabilities (Note 10)
                                                      $ 2,482,792     2,146,574

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                       F-6
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
           Years ended June 28, 1995, June 29, 1994 and June 30, 1993

                                                                1995     1994     1993<F1>
                                                                   Amounts in thousands
<S>                                                        <C>       <C>        <C>
Cash flows from operating activities:
  Net earnings                                           $  232,187   216,117    236,385
  Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash
    provided by operating activities:
     Depreciation and amortization                          200,931   157,392    141,136
     Deferred income taxes                                   10,360     4,414     10,406
     Defined benefit plan                                     5,476     3,398      3,239
     Reserve for insurance claims and self-insurance         (3,170)      624     (2,303)
     Change in cash from:
       Receivables                                           14,101    (9,264)   (45,567)
       Merchandise inventories                              (69,900)  (17,432)   (80,673)
       Prepaid expenses                                      (1,392)    1,754    (19,394)
       Accounts payable                                      23,474    23,616     61,942
       Income taxes                                         (10,456)   11,825    (27,956)
       Other current accrued expenses                        14,772    43,830    (64,258)
         Net cash provided by operating activities          416,383   436,274    212,957

Cash flows from investing activities:
  Purchases of property, plant and equipment, net          (371,563) (277,657)  (194,786)
  Decrease (increase) in investments and other assets        (9,928)   62,938    113,397
         Net cash used in investing activities             (381,491) (214,719)   (81,389)

Cash flows from financing activities:
  Increase (decrease) in short-term borrowings              120,500   (70,500)    80,000
  Payment on notes payable                                  (17,008)                           -
  Payments on capital lease obligations                      (3,111)   (3,122)    (2,648)
  Purchase of common stock                                  (34,896)  (39,993)  (123,316)
  Proceeds of sales under associates' stock purchase         15,297     2,871      6,691
  Dividends paid                                           (116,506) (107,384)  (100,518)
  Other                                                        (205)    5,722     11,059
         Net cash used in financing activities              (35,929) (212,406)  (128,732)

Increase (decrease)  in  cash  and cash  equivalents         (1,037)    9,149      2,836
Cash and cash  equivalents at the beginning of the year      31,451    22,302     19,466
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                 $   30,414    31,451     22,302

Supplemental cash flow information:
  Interest paid                                          $   16,213    15,366     14,546
  Interest and dividends received                        $    1,510     4,059     15,258
  Income taxes paid                                      $  121,904   115,788    138,576

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

<FN>
<F1> 53 Weeks
                                                                    F-7
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
           Years ended June 28, 1995, June 29, 1994 and June 30, 1993

                                                                           1995        1994      1993<F1>
                                                                               Amounts in thousands
<S>
Common stock:                                                           <C>         <C>        <C>
  Beginning of year                                                $       74,176      74,956    76,851
  Add par value of shares issued for associate stock purchase
     plan, acquisition and management incentive plan                        2,044          19        97
  Deduct par value of common stock acquired                                   659         799     1,992

  End of year                                                              75,561      74,176    74,956

Retained earnings:
  Beginning of year                                                       983,285     910,009   875,328
  Net earnings                                                            232,187     216,117   236,385
  Deduct excess of cost over par value of common
     stock acquired                                                        34,237      39,194   121,324
  Deduct cash dividends on common stock of $1.56, $1.44 and
     $1.32 per share in 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively                 116,506     107,384   100,518
  Consolidation of Bahamas subsidiary                                        -           -       17,509
  Add excess of cost over par value of shares issued for associate
     stock purchase plan, acquisition and management
     incentive plan                                                       100,962       3,792     2,697
  Deduct other                                                                 45          55        68
  End of year                                                           1,165,646     983,285   910,009

Total shareholders' equity                                         $    1,241,207   1,057,461   984,965


See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
<FN>
<F1> 53 Weeks
                                                     F-8
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.

   (a) Fiscal Year:  The fiscal year ends on the last Wednesday in June.  The
   fiscal year ended 1995 comprised 52 weeks, fiscal year 1994 comprised 52
   weeks and fiscal year 1993 comprised 53 weeks.

   (b) Basis of Consolidation:  The consolidated financial statements include
   the accounts of Winn- Dixie Stores, Inc. and its subsidiaries which operate
   as a major food retailer in fourteen states and the Bahama Islands.
   Effective June 30, 1993, the Company consolidated its Bahamas statements of
   earnings in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.  This
   investment had previously been accounted for using the cost method.  The
   retroactive consolidation of the Bahamas operating results did not have a
   significant impact on the statements of earnings for all years presented.
   Accordingly, the 1993 and prior statements of earnings have not been restated
   and the previously unrecorded earnings have been recorded directly to
   retained earnings.

   (c) Acquisition:  On March 26, 1995, the Company acquired Thriftway, Inc., a
   twenty-five store supermarket chain operating in Ohio and Kentucky in a
   stock-for-stock transaction which is not reflected in the statement of cash
   flows.  This acquisition has been accounted for using the purchase method.

   (d) Cash and Cash Equivalents:  Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid
   investments with a maturity of three months or less when purchased.  Cash and
   cash equivalents are stated at cost plus accrued interest, which approximates
   market.

   (e) Inventories:  Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market.  The
   "dollar value" last-in, first-out (LIFO) method is used to determine the cost
   of approximately 91% of inventories consisting primarily of merchandise in
   stores and distribution warehouses.  Manufacturing and produce inventories
   are valued at the lower of first-in, first-out (FIFO) cost or market.
   Elements of cost included in manufacturing inventories consist of material,
   direct labor and plant overhead.

   (f) Fair Value of Financial Instruments:  The carrying amount of the
   following financial instruments approximates fair value because of their
   short-term maturity:  cash and cash equivalents; trade and other receivables;
   short-term borrowings; accounts payable and other accruals.  See Note 6 (b)
   for information on interest rate swap agreements.

   (g) Income Taxes:  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the
   estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the
   financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and
   their respective tax bases.  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured
   using the enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary
   differences are expected to be recovered or settled.

   (h) Self-insurance:  Self-insurance reserves are established for automobile
   and general liability, workers' compensation and property loss costs based on
   claims filed and claims incurred but not reported, with a maximum per
   occurrence of $2,000,000 for automobile and general liability, $1,000,000 for
   workers' compensation, $500,000 for property loss, other than windstorm and
   flood, and $5,000,000 for damage due to windstorm and flood.  The Company is
   insured for insurance costs in excess of these limits.
                                      F-9
<PAGE>

   (i) Depreciation and Amortization:  Depreciation of plant and equipment,
   which is stated at historical cost, is provided over the estimated useful
   lives by the straight-line method or by methods that produce results similar
   to the straight-line method.  Amortization of improvements to leased premises
   is provided principally by the straight-line method over the periods of the
   leases or the estimated useful lives of the improvements, whichever is less.

   (j) Store Opening and Closing Costs:  The costs of opening new stores and
   closing of old stores are charged to earnings in the year incurred.

   (k) Earnings Per Share:  The number of shares used in the calculation for
   1995, 1994 and 1993 amounted to 74,717,003, 74,644,036 and 76,119,152,
   respectively, which is the weighted average number of shares of common stock
   outstanding during each year.

2. Accounts Receivable.

   Accounts receivable at year-end were as follows:


                                                 1995        1994
                                             Amounts in thousands
       Trade and other receivables           $  67,183      52,797
       Construction advances                    85,834     119,891
                                               153,017     172,688
       Less: Allowance for doubtful items        1,105         834
                                             $ 151,912     171,854


3. Inventories.

   At June 28, 1995, inventories valued by the LIFO method would have been
   $212,485,000 higher ($205,172,000 higher at June 29, 1994) if they were
   stated at the lower of FIFO cost or market.  If the FIFO method inventory
   valuation had been used for the year ended June 28, 1995, reported net
   earnings would have been $4,625,000 or $0.06 per share higher ($1,088,000 or
   $0.01 per share lower in 1994 and $326,000 or $0.00 per share higher in
   1993).

4. Property, Plant and Equipment.

   Property, plant and equipment consists of the following:

                                                      1995        1994

                                                   Amounts in thousands

   Land                                        $      2,441         2,724
   Buildings                                         25,368        23,949
   Furniture, fixtures, machinery                   1,735,9       1,537,9
   and equipment                                         49            28
   Transportation equipment                         122,322       104,914
   Improvements to leased premises                  333,460       267,333
   Construction in progress                          44,349        45,329
                                                  2,263,889     1,982,177
   Less: Accumulated depreciation
         and amortization                         1,425,601     1,342,474
                                                    838,288       639,703
   Leased property under capital leases, less
     accumulated amortization of $40,779,000
     ($41,429,000 in 1994)                           59,535        67,076
   Net property, plant and equipment           $    897,823       706,779


   The Company had non-cash additions to leased property of $0.0 million, $10.3
   million and $1.4 million for 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively.

                                         F-10
<PAGE>
5. Income Taxes.

   The provision for income taxes consisted of:

                                            Current   Deferred      Total

Amounts in  thousands
   1995
          Federal                         $  89,648      9,326      98,974
          State                              21,800      1,034      22,834
                                          $ 111,448     10,360     121,808

   1994
          Federal                         $ 108,163       (217)    107,946
          State                              19,805      4,631      24,436
                                          $ 127,968      4,414     132,382

   1993
          Federal                         $ 104,006      7,808     111,814
          State                              12,872      2,598      15,470
                                          $ 116,878     10,406     127,284


   The following reconciles the above provision to the Federal statutory income
   tax rate:

                                              1995       1994        1993

  Federal statutory income tax rate           35.0   %   35.0        34.0
  State and local income taxes, net of
      federal income tax benefits              4.3        3.8         2.9
  Other tax credits                           (1.1)      (1.1)       (0.6)
  Other, net                                  (3.8)       0.3        (1.3)

                                              34.4   %   38.0        35.0

   The retroactive increase in the federal corporate income tax rate from 34% to
   35%, enacted on August 10, 1993 and effective on January 1, 1993, resulted in
   additional income tax expense in fiscal 1994.  This increase in income tax
   expense was offset by an increase in prepaid income taxes resulting from the
   federal corporate income tax rate increase as required by Statement of
   Financial Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes."

   The effective tax rate during the fourth quarter of fiscal 1995 reflects the
   final settlement with the Internal Revenue Service of transactions pursuant
   to Section 1804(e)(4) of the Tax Reform Act of 1986 whereby certain
   subsidiaries of the Company were able to utilize the benefits of the net
   operating losses of certain unaffiliated corporations.

                                      F-11
<PAGE>

   The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant
   portions of the deferred tax assets and deferred liabilities at June 28,
   1995, June 29, 1994 and June 30, 1993 are presented below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                         1995        1994         1993
                                                             Amounts in thousands

<S>                                                  <C>         <C>         <C>
Deferred tax assets:
  Reserve for insurance claims and self-insurance   $  60,050      61,766      62,264
  Estimated loss on assets                               -            372        -
  Reserve for vacant store leases                       7,738      11,248       8,971
  Unearned promotional allowance                        3,642       3,909       7,608
  Reserve for accrued vacations                         8,827       8,021       8,133
  State net operating loss carryforwards                7,174       6,683      10,190
  Excess of book over tax depreciation                  9,088       9,283       9,406
  Excess of book over tax rent expense                    923         902       3,814
  Excess of  book over tax retirement expense           8,046       7,127       6,202
  Uniform capitalization of inventory                   4,602       4,418       4,080
  Other, net                                           14,824      13,034      12,369
      Total gross deferred tax assets                 124,914     126,763     133,037
      Less: Valuation allowance                         6,487       6,325       6,406
      Net deferred tax assets                         118,427     120,438     126,631
Deferred tax liabilities:
  Excess of tax over book depreciation                (16,036)     (8,811)     (6,879)
  Bahamas subsidiary foreign earnings                 (11,535)     (9,375)     (8,967)
  Other, net                                           (3,717)     (4,753)     (8,872)
      Total gross deferred tax liabilities            (31,288)    (22,939)    (24,718)
      Net deferred tax assets                       $  87,139      97,499     101,913
</TABLE>

As discussed in Note 1 (b), the Company consolidated its Bahamas operations
effective June 30, 1993.  The previously unrecorded earnings (net of deferred
income tax liability of $8,967,000) were recorded directly to retained earnings.

Current deferred income taxes of $58,114,000 and $56,475,000 for 1995 and 1994,
respectively, are included in the prepaid expenses in the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets.

The Company believes the results of future operations will generate sufficient
taxable income to realize the deferred tax assets.

                                      F-12
<PAGE>
6. Financing.

   (a) Credit Arrangements:  The Company has available a $200 million Commercial
   Paper Program.  As of June 28, 1995, there was $125.0 million outstanding as
   compared to no amount outstanding on June 29, 1994.  The Company also has
   short-term lines of credit totaling $265 million.  The lines of credit are
   available when needed during the year and are renewable on an annual basis.
   The Company is not required to maintain compensating bank balances in
   connection with these lines of credit.  As of June 28, 1995, there was $5.0
   million outstanding under these bank lines of credit, compared to $9.5
   million outstanding on June 29, 1994.

   (b) Interest Rate Swap:  The Company has entered into interest rate swap
   agreements to reduce the impact of changes in rental payments which are
   indexed to interest rate changes.  At June 28, 1995, the Company had
   outstanding four interest rate swap agreements, having a notional principal
   amount of $50 million each, with an investment bank.  These agreements
   effectively change the Company's exposure on its leased real estate with
   floating rental payments to fixed rental payments based on a 7.7% interest
   rate.  The interest rate swap agreements mature in June, 1997, June, 1999,
   June, 2000 and June, 2001.  In addition, the Company has entered into two
   additional interest rate swap agreements, having a notional principal amount
   of $50 million each, that do not become effective until the termination date
   of the interest rate swap agreements that mature in June, 1997 and June,
   1999.  The Company is exposed to credit loss in the event of nonperformance
   by the other party to these interest rate swap agreements.  However, the
   Company does not anticipate nonperformance by the counterpart.

   Since current short-term interest rates at June 28, 1995, are below the 7.7%
   rate of these contracts, the estimated negative value of these swaps was
   approximately $16.1 million.

7. Common Stock.

   The Company has a stock purchase plan in effect for associates.  Under the
   terms of the Plan, the Company may grant options to associates to purchase
   shares of the Company's common stock at a price at least 85% of the fair
   market value at the date of grant.  During fiscal year 1995, 602,546 shares
   of common stock were sold to associates at an aggregate price of $25,909,478.
   There are 265,564 shares of the Company's common stock available for the
   grant of options under the Plan.

8. Stock Options.

   Under the Company's Key Employee Stock Option Plan adopted by the Board of
   Directors on January 4, 1990 and approved by the shareholders on October 3,
   1990, options to acquire up to 300,000 shares of common stock may be granted
   to key employees at market.  On January 24, 1990, options for 206,000 shares
   were granted at an exercise price of $28.50 per share.  Of the options
   granted, 103,000 became exercisable on June 26, 1991 and 103,000 became
   exercisable on June 24, 1992.  Options under this plan expire on December 31,
   1996.

   On October 7, 1992, the shareholders approved an amendment to the Company's
   Key Employee Stock Option Plan to increase the number of shares of common
   stock available for issuance to 500,000 shares.  Under this plan adopted by
   the Board of Directors on June 22, 1992, options to acquire 113,000 shares of
   common stock were granted to key employees at an exercise price of $42.125
   per share.  Of the options granted, 56,500 became exercisable on June 30,
   1993.  The remaining 56,500 became exercisable on June 29, 1994.  Options
   under this plan expire on December 31, 1998.

                                 F-13
<PAGE>
8. Stock Options, continued.

   On June 22, 1994, the Board of Directors adopted an amendment to the
   Company's Key Employee Stock Option Plan to increase the number of shares of
   common stock available for issuance to 1,000,000 shares.  This amendment was
   approved by shareholders on October 5, 1994.  Under this plan, options to
   acquire 233,000 shares at an exercise price of $44.875 per share were granted
   to key employees.  Of the options granted, 116,500 shares became exercisable
   on June 28, 1995 and the remaining 116,500 shares are not exercisable before
   June 27, 1996, if earned.  These options expire on January 15, 2001.  Also,
   an additional option to acquire 4,000 shares at $55.875 was granted on June
   21, 1995.  This option is not exercisable before June 27, 1996, if earned,
   and will expire on January 15, 2001.

   Changes in options under these plans during the years ended June 28, 1995,
   June 29, 1994 and June 30, 1993 were as follows:

                                                   Number of     Option Price
                                                     Shares        Per Share

   Outstanding - June 24, 1992                      206,000     $28.500
   Granted                                          113,000     $42.125
   Exercised                                        (74,000)    $28.500
   Canceled                                               -            -
   Outstanding - June 30, 1993                      245,000     $28.500-42.125
   Granted                                          233,000     $44.875
   Exercised                                              -          -
   Canceled                                               -          -
   Outstanding - June 29, 1994                      478,000     $28.500-44.875
   Granted                                            4,000     $55.875
   Exercised                                        (29,000)    $28.500-42.125
   Canceled                                         (15,000)    $44.875
   Outstanding - June 28, 1995                      438,000     $28.500-55.875
   Exercisable - June 28, 1995                      325,000     $28.500-44.875
   Shares available for additional grant            459,000

9. Leases.

   (a) Leasing Arrangements:  There were 1,420 leases in effect on store
   locations and other properties at June 28, 1995.  Of these 1,420 leases, 59
   store leases and 3 warehouse and manufacturing facility leases are classified
   as capital leases.  Substantially all store leases will expire during the
   next twenty years and the warehouse and manufacturing facility leases will
   expire during the next twenty-five years.  However, in the normal course of
   business, it is expected that these leases will be renewed or replaced by
   leases on other properties.

   The rental payments on substantially all store leases are based on a minimum
   rental plus a contingent rental which is based on a percentage of the store's
   sales in excess of stipulated amounts.  Most of the Company's leases contain
   renewal options for five-year periods at fixed rentals.

                                       F-14
<PAGE>
9. Leases, continued.

   (b) Leases:  The following is an analysis of the leased property under
   capital leases by major classes:

                                                      Asset balances at
                                                June 28, 1995  June 29, 1994
                                                    Amounts in thousands
        Store facilities                         $    74,653       82,844
        Warehouses  and manufacturing facilities      25,661       25,661
                                                     100,314      108,505
        Less: Accumulated amortization                40,779       41,429
                                                 $    59,535       67,076


   The following is a schedule by year of future minimum lease payments under
   capital and operating leases, together with the present value of the net
   minimum lease payments as of June 28, 1995:

                                                         Operating    Capital
                                                          Amounts in thousands
         Fiscal Year:
                     1996                              $   13,547      239,543
                     1997                                  13,386      233,148
                     1998                                  13,145      228,394
                     1999                                  12,706      224,121
                     2000                                  12,513      219,287
                     Later years                          109,068    2,036,805
         Total minimum lease payments                     174,365    3,181,298

         Less:  Amount representing
                estimated taxes, maintenance
                and insurance costs included
                in total minimum lease payments             4,270
         Net minimum lease payments                       170,095
         Less:  Amount representing interest               89,144
         Present value of net minimum lease payments   $   80,951


   Rental payments under operating leases including, where applicable, real
   estate taxes and other expenses are as follows:


                                        1995         1994         1993
                                           Amounts in thousands

            Minimum rentals            $     218,921    190,830    187,055
            Contingent rentals                 3,323      3,352      4,282
                                       $     222,244    194,182    191,337

10.    Commitments and Contingent Liabilities.

   (a) Associate Benefit Programs:  The Company has noncontributory, trusteed
   profit sharing retirement programs which are in effect for eligible
   associates and may be amended or terminated at any time.  Charges to earnings
   for contributions to the programs amounted to $55,250,000, $54,225,000 and
   $54,985,000 in 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively.

                                       F-15
<PAGE>
10.    Commitments and Contingent Liabilities,  continued.

   In addition to providing profit sharing benefits, the Company makes group
   insurance available to early retirees from the time they retire until age 65
   when they qualify for Medicare/Medicaid.  Currently, the early retiree group
   constitutes 134 associates.  This group of retirees bear the entire costs of
   this plan, which is maintained totally separate from the Company's regular
   group insurance plan.  The Company reserves the right to modify these
   benefits.

   (b) Defined Benefit Plan:  The Company has a Management Security Plan (MSP),
   which is a non-qualified defined benefit plan providing disability, death and
   retirement benefits to 557 qualified associates of the Company.  Total MSP
   cost charged to operations was $4,979,000, $4,557,000 and $3,992,000 in 1995,
   1994 and 1993, respectively.  The projected benefit obligation at June 28,
   1995 was approximately $32,523,000.  The effective discount rate used in
   determining the net periodic MSP cost was 8.0% for 1995, 1994 and 1993.

   Life insurance policies, which are not considered as MSP assets for liability
   accrual computations, were purchased to fund the MSP payments.  These
   insurance policies are shown on the balance sheet at their cash surrender
   values, net of policy loans aggregating $141,416,000 and $137,640,000 at June
   28, 1995 and June 29, 1994, respectively.

   Company holds life insurance on a broad-based group of qualified associates.
   These insurance policies are shown on the balance sheet at their cash
   surrender value, net of policy loans aggregating $367,423,000 at June 28,
   1995 and $216,591,000 at June 29, 1994.

   (c) Litigation:  There are pending against the Company various claims and
   lawsuits arising in the normal course of business, including suits charging
   violations of certain civil rights laws.

   The U.S.  Environmental Protection Agency has notified the Company that it is
   one of the many potentially responsible parties (PRPs) for cleanup of two
   designated Superfund sites located in Tampa, Florida, three such sites in
   Jacksonville (2 related sites), one site in Madison, Florida, one site in
   Charlotte, North Carolina and one site in Pembrook Park, Florida.  The
   Company may be a PRP for cleanup of one non-Superfund site in Tarrant County,
   Texas.  Although cleanup costs are believed to be substantial, accurate
   estimates will not be available until studies have been completed at the
   sites.

   The Company has entered into orders by consent with numerous other PRPs to
   conduct studies and do cleanup for three of the Superfund sites and is
   negotiating an agreement with PRPs who are under an order at two other
   Superfund sites to determine the most cost-effective way to clean up such
   sites.  Although under federal statutes the Company is jointly and severally
   liable for cleanup costs at each location, the Company's share of total costs
   is estimated not to exceed $400,000 for four of the Superfund sites and the
   Texas site.

   The Company believes it is not a responsible party for cleanup of the
   Madison, Florida, and Tarrant County, Texas, sites and has no estimate of
   costs for those matters.  Other than these two and the New Mexico site
   mentioned below, these involve wastes the Company paid to be properly
   disposed and were mishandled by disposal companies or public disposal sites.

                                       F-16
<PAGE>
10.  Commitments and Contingent Liabilities, continued.

     At one of the Tampa sites, the Company is one of 14 parties named as
     respondents in a Unilateral Administrative Order for Remedial Design and
     Remedial Action under 47 U.S.C.  Section 9606(a) relating to a disposal
     site formerly operated by Hillsborough County, Florida.  The parties are
     ordered to operate, maintain and monitor a water cleaning system and
     perform Remedial Design for the site.  The costs to the Company are
     estimated at $50,000 in fiscal year 1995 with some credits still available
     for this year, with additional annual costs for an indefinite period
     thereafter.

     The Company is also involved in the cleanup of a fuel tank leak at a New
     Mexico site formerly owned by it.  The cleanup costs are to be prorated
     with others on the basis of the total time of ownership of the
     participants.  The Company's share is 15% of the total costs estimated to
     be less than $150,000, with minimal annual monitoring costs thereafter.

     It is the Company's policy to accrue and charge against earnings the
     environmental cleanup costs when it is probable that a liability has been
     incurred and an amount can be reasonably estimated, including evaluation of
     the other PRPs' ability to pay.  The Company believes its ultimate
     liability as to these environmental matters will not necessitate
     significant capital outlays, will not materially affect the annual earnings
     of the Company, nor cause material changes in the Company's business.  It
     is not possible to quantify future environmental costs because many issues
     relate to actions by third parties or changes in environmental regulation.

     Although the amount of liability with respect to all other claims and
     lawsuits cannot be ascertained, management is of the opinion that any
     resulting liability will not have a material effect on the Company's
     consolidated earnings or financial position.


11.  Related Party Transactions.

     The Company is essentially self-insured for purposes of employee group
     life, medical, accident and sickness insurance, with The American Heritage
     Life Insurance Company, a related party, providing administrative services
     and expenses for medical and accident claims.  The American Heritage Life
     Insurance Company also financed the development and expansion of certain
     retail stores.  Total payments aggregating $13,442,000, $15,109,000 and
     $34,108,000 were made in 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively.



                                        F-17
<PAGE>
12. Quarterly Results of Operations (Unaudited).

    The following is a summary of the unaudited quarterly results of operations
    for the years ended June 28, 1995, June 29, 1994 and June 30, 1993:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 Quarters Ended
                                              Sept. 21       Jan. 11       April 5       June 28
                      1995                   (12 Weeks)    (16 Weeks)    (12 Weeks)    (12 Weeks)
                                                   Dollars in thousands except per share data
       <S>                                   <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
       Net sales                          $    2,590,364     3,537,824     2,775,842     2,883,813
       Gross profit on sales              $      590,546       809,912       642,018       680,831
       Net earnings                       $       40,045        67,472        56,936        67,734
       Earnings per share                 $         0.54          0.91          0.76          0.90
       Net LIFO charge (credit)           $        1,690         2,253         2,816         2,134
       Net LIFO charge (credit) per shar  $         0.02          0.03          0.04          0.03
       Dividends per share                $         0.26          0.52          0.39          0.39
       Market price range                 $  53.63-42.63   54.50-49.00   57.13-51.88   57.88-54.63
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 Quarters Ended
                                              Sept. 22       Jan. 12       April 6       June 29
                      1994                   (12 Weeks)    (16 Weeks)    (12 Weeks)    (12 Weeks)
                                            Dollars in thousands except per share data
       <S>                                   <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
       Net sales                          $    2,464,440     3,380,986     2,651,491     2,585,252
       Gross profit on sales              $      556,085       766,461       603,914       608,028
       Net earnings                       $       35,951        63,781        52,032        64,353
       Earnings per share                 $         0.48          0.85          0.70          0.87
       Net LIFO charge (credit)           $        1,690         2,253         1,690         6,721
       Net LIFO charge (credit) per shar  $         0.02          0.03          0.02          0.08
       Dividends per share                $         0.24          0.48          0.36          0.36
       Market price range                 $  67.75-56.00   60.38-49.00   58.38-48.25   52.25-43.50
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 Quarters Ended
                                              Sept. 16       Jan. 6       March 31       June 30
                      1993                   (12 Weeks)    (16 Weeks)    (12 Weeks)    (13 Weeks)
                                            Dollars in thousands except per share data
       <S>                                   <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
       Net sales                          $    2,392,129     3,244,672     2,504,214     2,690,520
       Gross profit on sales              $      531,506       726,066       566,615       621,936
       Net earnings                       $       33,377        63,031        57,199        82,778
       Earnings per share                 $         0.44          0.82          0.75          1.10
       Net LIFO charge (credit)           $        1,688         2,405         1,688         5,455
       Net LIFO charge (credit) per shar  $         0.02          0.03          0.02          0.07
       Dividends per share                $         0.22          0.44          0.33          0.33
       Market price range                 $  58.63-41.63   79.50-57.50   79.75-66.75   67.38-52.75
</TABLE>

                                      F-18
<PAGE>
During 1995, 1994 and 1993, the fourth quarter results reflect a change from the
estimate of inflation used in the calculation of LIFO inventory to the actual
rate experienced by the Company of 1.0% to 0.6%, 1.0% to (0.1)% and 1.0% to 0.1%
respectively.

                                         Fourth Quarter Results of Operations
                                       June 28, 1995 June 29, 1994 June 30, 1993
                                        (12 Weeks)    (12 Weeks)    (13 Weeks)

                                                 Amounts in thousands
Net sales                            $    2,883,813     2,585,252     2,690,520
Cost of sales                             2,202,982     1,977,224     2,068,584
Gross profit on sales                       680,831       608,028       621,936
Operating and administrative expenses       607,460       522,057       523,780
Operating income                             73,371        85,971        98,156
Cash discounts and other income, net         25,749        19,166        32,774
Interest expense                             (2,083)       (1,411)       (3,579)
Earnings before income taxes                 97,037       103,726       127,351
Income taxes                                 29,303        39,373        44,573
Net earnings                         $       67,734        64,353        82,778



The efffective tax rate during the fourth quarter of fiscal 1995 reflects the
final settlement with the Internal Revenue Service of transactions pursuant to
Section 1804(e)(4) of the Tax Reform Act of 1986 whereby certain subsidiaries of
the Company were able to utilize the benefits of the net operating losses of
certain unaffiliated corporations.


                                      F-19
<PAGE>
                            INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT
                          ON FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES



The Shareholders and Board of Directors
Winn-Dixie Stores, Inc.:


Under date of July 31, 1995, we reported on the consolidated balance sheets of
Winn-Dixie Stores, Inc. and subsidiaries as of June 28, 1995 and June 29, 1994,
and the related consolidated statements of earnings, shareholders' equity, and
cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended June 28, 1995,
as con- tained in the annual report on Form 10-K for the year 1995.  In
connection with our audits of the aforemen- tioned consolidated financial
statements, we also audited the related consolidated financial statement
schedules as listed in the accompanying index on page 13 of the annual report on
Form 10-K for the year 1995.  These financial statement schedules are the
responsibility of the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statement schedules based on our audits.

In our opinion, such consolidated financial statement schedules, when considered
in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole,
present fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein.




                                                KPMG Peat Marwick LLP
                                                Certified Public Accountants



Jacksonville, Florida
July 31, 1995

                                      S-1
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                    WINN-DIXIE STORES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES                         Schedule VIII
                 Consolidated Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
           Years ended June 28, 1995, June 29, 1994 and June 30, 1993
                             (Amounts in thousands)

                                                        Balance at  Additions   Deductions   Balance at
                                                        beginning  charged to      from         end
Description                                             of year      income      reserves     of year
<S>                                                       <C>        <C>         <C>          <C>
Year ended June 28, 1995:
Reserves deducted from assets to which they apply:
  Allowance for doubtful receivables                 $        834     12,783      12,512        1,105

Reserves not deducted from assets:
  Reserves for insurance claims and self-insurance:
   -Current                                          $     60,510     81,323      82,460       59,373
   -Noncurrent                                            105,417              -   2,033      103,384
                                                     $    165,927     81,323      84,493      162,757

Year ended June 29, 1994:
Reserves deducted from assets to which they apply:
  Allowance for doubtful receivables                 $        732     12,126      12,024          834

Reserves not deducted from assets:
  Reserves for insurance claims and self-insurance:
   -Current                                          $     65,134     77,488      82,112       60,510
   -Noncurrent                                            100,169      5,248           -      105,417
                                                     $    165,303     82,736      82,112      165,927

Year ended June 30, 1993:
Reserves deducted from assets to which they apply:
  Allowance for doubtful receivables                 $        613      9,631       9,512          732

Reserves not deducted from assets:
  Reserves for insurance claims and self-insurance:
   -Current                                          $     61,641     96,507      93,014       65,134
   -Noncurrent                                            105,965          -       5,796      100,169
                                                     $    167,606     96,507      98,810      165,303
</TABLE>
                                      S-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.2 RESTATED BY-LAWS
<TEXT>

Revised 6/21/95

                                       BY-LAWS


                                         OF


                               WINN-DIXIE STORES, INC.

                               * * * * * * * * * * * *

                                     ARTICLE I.

                                       Offices

               Section 1.  Registered Office and Principal Office:  The
          registered office and principal office of the Corporation shall
          be located at 5050 Edgewood Court, in the City of Jacksonville,
          County of Duval, and State of Florida.

               Section 2.  Registered Agent:  The registered agent of the
          Corporation shall be located at the registered office of the
          Corporation in the State of Florida and shall be designated by
          resolution of the Board of Directors.

               Section 3.  Other Offices:  The Corporation may have other
          offices, either within or outside of the State of Florida, at
          such place or places as the Board of Directors may from time to
          time designate or the business of the Corporation may require.

                                     ARTICLE II.

                                        Seal

               Section 1.  The corporate seal shall be circular in form and
          shall have inscribed thereon the name of the Corporation, the
          year of its incorporation (1928) and the words "Corporate Seal,
          Florida."

               Section 2.  The Secretary shall be the custodian of the Seal
          and shall affix the same to all writings and documents requiring
          the Seal of the Company as authorized by the Board of Directors.

                                    ARTICLE III.

                              Meetings of Stockholders

               Section 1.  Place:  All meetings of the stockholders shall
          be held at the principal office of the Corporation in the City of
          Jacksonville, County of Duval and State of Florida, or at such
          other place, within or without the State of Florida, as may be
          designated by the Board of Directors and stated in the notice of
          meeting.

               Section 2.  Annual Meeting:  The annual meeting of
          stockholders shall be held at 9:00 o'clock A.M. on the first
          Wednesday in October each year, or at such other time and on such
          other date as the Board of Directors may determine, for the
          election of Directors and for the transaction of such other
          business as may be brought before the meeting.

               Any general business pertaining to the affairs of the
          Corporation  may be transacted at the Annual Meeting without
          special notice.

               The directors elected at the annual meeting shall be elected
          by plurality vote of the stockholders entitled to vote and
          present or duly represented at such meeting.


               Section 3.  Special Meetings:  Special meetings of the
          stockholders may be called at any time by the Chairman of the
          Board, or by the Board of Directors.  The Corporation shall hold
          a special meeting of stockholders if the holders of not less than
          thirty percent (30%) of all votes entitled to vote on any issue
          proposed to be considered at the proposed special meeting shall
          sign, date and deliver to the Corporation's Secretary one or more
          written demands for the meeting describing the purpose or
          purposes for which it is to be held.  Only business within the
          purpose or purposes described in the special meeting notice may
          be conducted at a special stockholders' meeting.


               Section 4.  Notice:  The Secretary shall notify stockholders
          of the date, time and place of the Annual Meeting no fewer than
          ten (10) or more than sixty (60) days before the meeting date,
          and shall send each holder of record of stock entitled to vote at
          such meeting, at the stockholder's address as it appears in the
          Corporation's current record of stockholders, a notice of such
          annual meeting, by mail postage prepaid, stating the time and
          place of such meeting.  A similar notice shall be given by the
          Secretary of all special meetings, and in addition to the
          requirements for notice of annual meeting, the notice for special
          meetings shall include a description of the purpose or purposes
          for which the meeting is called; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that any
          action taken at an annual or special meeting of stockholders may
          be taken without a meeting, without prior notice, and without a
          vote, if (i) the action is taken by the holders of outstanding
          stock entitled to vote thereon having not less than the minimum
          number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such
          action at a meeting, (ii) the approving stockholders shall sign a
          written consent authorizing such action and deliver such consent
          to the Corporation as provided in Section 607.0704, Florida
          Business Corporation Act, and (iii) within ten (10) days after
          such authorization by written consent is obtained, notice shall
          be given those stockholders who have not consented in writing
          pursuant to provisions of Section 607.0704(3) of the Florida
          Business Corporation Act.

               Section 5.  Waiver of Notice:  A stockholder may waive
          notice of any meeting before or after the date and time stated in
          the notice.  The waiver must be in writing, signed by the
          stockholder and delivered to the Corporation for inclusion in the
          minutes or filing with the corporate records.  A stockholder's
          attendance, in person or by proxy, at a meeting (i) waives
          objection to lack of notice or defective notice of the meeting,
          unless the stockholder at the beginning of the meeting objects to
          holding the meeting or transacting business at the meeting, or
          (ii) waives objection to consideration of a particular matter at
          the meeting that is not within the purpose or purposes described
          in the meeting notice, unless the stockholder objects to
          considering the matter when it is presented.

               Section 6.  Quorum:  The holders of a majority of the issued
          and outstanding shares of Capital Stock of the Company entitled
          to vote at the meeting, represented in person or by proxy, shall
          constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at all
          meetings of the stockholders except as may be otherwise provided
          by law or the Articles of Incorporation.  The holders of a
          majority of shares represented, and who would be entitled to vote
          at a meeting if a quorum were present, where a quorum is not
          present, may adjourn such meeting from time to time.

               Once a share is represented for any purpose at the meeting,
          it is deemed present for quorum purposes for the remainder of the
          meeting and for any adjournment of that meeting unless a new
          record date is set for the adjourned meeting.

               Section 7.  Proxies:  Any stockholder entitled to vote at
          any meeting of stockholders may be represented and vote at such
          meeting by proxy duly authorized by written appointment signed by
          such stockholder or duly authorized attorney-in-fact.  An
          executed telegram or cablegram appearing to have been transmitted
          by such person, or a photographic, photostatic or equivalent
          reproduction of an appointment form, is a sufficient appointment
          form.  An appointment by proxy is valid for 11 months from date
          of execution unless a longer date is expressly provided in the
          appointment form.

               Section 8.  Voting of Shares:  Unless otherwise provided in
          the Articles of Incorporation or these By-Laws, each outstanding
          share entitled to vote shall be entitled to one vote on each
          matter submitted to a vote at a meeting of stockholders.  If a
          quorum exists, action on a matter is approved if the votes cast
          by the stockholders entitled to vote favoring the action exceeds
          the votes cast opposing the action, unless a greater vote is
          required by Law, the Articles of Incorporation or these By-Laws.
          If prior to the voting for the election of directors, demand
          shall be made by or on behalf of any shares entitled to vote at
          such meeting, the election of directors shall be by ballot.

               Section 9.  Voting Lists:  The Secretary shall prepare, at
          least ten (10) days before each meeting of stockholders, an
          alphabetical list of the stockholders entitled to notice of the
          meeting, which shall show the address of and the number of shares
          held by each stockholder.  Any stockholder, his attorney or
          agent, on written demand as provided by statute may inspect the
          list during regular business hours at his expense during the
          period it is available for inspection.  The list shall be open
          for examination of any stockholder, or his attorney or agent, at
          the place where the meeting is to be held for ten (10) days prior
          to such meeting and shall be kept available for inspection by any
          stockholder at any time during the meeting.

                                     ARTICLE IV.

                                      Directors

               Section 1.  Powers:  All corporate powers shall be exercised
          by or under the authority of, and the business and affairs of the
          Corporation shall be managed under the direction of, the Board of
          Directors.

               Section 2.  Classification of Board and Number of Directors:
          The Board of Directors shall consist of eleven (11) members who
          shall be divided into three classes, with the number of directors
          in each class to be as nearly equal as possible.  At each annual
          meeting of stockholders, one class of directors shall be elected
          for three-year terms and until their successors shall be duly
          elected and shall qualify.  The number of directors shall be
          fixed by the Board of Directors.

               Section 3.  Term of Office:  Any Director may be elected to
          serve for one or more years (not exceeding three years) and until
          his successor is chosen and qualified.

               Section 4.  Vacancies:  Any vacancies in the Board of
          Directors shall be filled in accordance with the provisions of
          Article NINTH of the Articles of Incorporation.  An increase in
          the number of Directors shall create vacancies for the purpose of
          this section.

               Section 5.  Removal:  The Board of Directors or any
          individual director may be removed from office only in accordance
          with the provisions of Article NINTH of the Articles of
          Incorporation.

               Section 6.  Meetings:  The Board of Directors shall meet
          immediately after the Annual Meeting of Stockholders at the same
          place as the Annual Meeting of Stockholders.

               Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held
          without notice of the date, time, place or purpose of the
          meeting.

               Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by
          the Chairman of the Board or by the President, and shall be
          called by the Chairman of the Board or Secretary upon the written
          request of not less than three (3) Directors.  Notice of special
          meetings may be communicated in person or by mail to each
          Director at least three (3) days in advance, or by telephone,
          telegraph, teletype or other form of electronic communication to
          each Director at least twenty-four (24) hours in advance of the
          meeting.  Such notice shall specify the time and place of
          meeting.

               Any or all Directors may participate in a regular or special
          meeting by, or conduct the meeting through the use of, any means
          of communication by which all Directors participating may
          simultaneously hear each other during the meeting.

               Section 7.  Place of Meetings:  Until otherwise prescribed,
          the regular meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held in
          the City of Jacksonville, Florida, at the office of the Company
          or at such other place as may be agreed upon by the Board.  The
          Board of Directors may hold Special Meetings and may have one or
          more offices and may keep the books of the Corporation (except
          such books as are required by Law to be kept within the State of
          Florida) either within or outside of the State of Florida, at
          such place or places as it may from time to time determine.

               Section 8.  Quorum:  Unless the Articles of Incorporation or
          these By-Laws provide otherwise, a majority of the number of
          Directors fixed by the By-Laws shall constitute a quorum for the
          transaction of business at any meeting of the Board of Directors.

                                     ARTICLE V.

                                      Officers

               Section 1.  Election:  The officers of the Corporation shall
          be a Chairman of the Board of Directors, a President, an
          Executive Vice President, a Secretary and a Treasurer.  The
          Corporation may also have, at the discretion of the Board of
          Directors, one or more Vice Chairmen of the Board of Directors,
          one or more Senior Vice Presidents, one or more Vice Presidents,
          one or more Assistant Secretaries and one or more Assistant
          Treasurers as may from time to time be elected by the Board of
          Directors.  None of these officers, except the President, the
          Chairman of the Board of Directors, and the Vice Chairman or Vice
          Chairmen of the Board of Directors, need be a Director.  The
          officers shall be elected by the Board of Directors at the first
          meeting of the Board after each Annual Meeting.

               Section 2.  Hold Two Offices:  Any officer may hold more
          than one office, except that the Chairman of the Board of
          Directors and the President shall not be the Secretary or an
          Assistant Secretary of the Corporation;  but no officer shall
          execute, acknowledge or verify any instrument in more than one
          capacity, if such instrument be required by law or these By-Laws
          to be executed, acknowledged or verified by any two or more
          officers.

               Section 3.  Term of Office:  The officers shall hold office
          for one year and until their successors are chosen and qualify.
          Any vacancy occurring among the officers shall be filled by the
          Board of Directors, but the person so elected to fill the vacancy
          shall hold office only until the first meeting of the Board of
          Directors after the next Annual Meeting of stockholders and until
          his successor is chosen and qualifies.

               Section 4.  Agents:  The Board of Directors may appoint such
          agents as it may deem necessary, who shall hold their offices for
          such terms and shall exercise such powers and perform such duties
          as shall be determined from time to time by the Board of
          Directors.

               Section 5.  Removal:  Any officer chosen by the Board of
          Directors may be removed with or without cause at any time by the
          affirmative vote of a majority of the Board of Directors.

               Section 6.  Voting Shares in Other Corporations:  The
          Corporation may vote any and all shares held by it in any other
          corporation by such officer, agent or proxy as the Board of
          Directors may appoint, or, in default of any such appointment, by
          the Chairman of the Board or the President.

                                     ARTICLE VI.

                           The Chairman and Vice Chairmen

                              of the Board of Directors

               Section 1.  The Chairman of the Board of Directors:

                    (a)  Duties and Responsibilities:  The Chairman of the
          Board of Directors shall be the Principal Executive Officer of
          the Corporation, and shall have general management and control of
          the business and affairs of the Corporation.  Except where by law
          the signature of the President is required, the Chairman of the
          Board shall possess the same powers as the President to sign all
          certificates, contracts and other instruments of the Corporation
          which may be authorized by the Board of Directors.  The Chairman,
          if present, shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and
          the Board of Directors, and shall see that all orders and
          resolutions of the Board of Directors are carried into effect.
          The Chairman shall perform such other duties as may be prescribed
          by the Board of Directors.

                    (b)  Annual Reports:  The Chairman of the Board of
          Directors or the President shall, annually, make a full report to
          the stockholders, at the annual meeting of stockholders, of the
          condition of the Company, its resources, liabilities, loans,
          profits and general financial condition, which report shall be
          for the fiscal year ending on the last Wednesday in the month of
          June of each year before such annual meeting.

               Section 2.  Vice Chairmen of the Board of Directors:

               The Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors, if there shall
          be such an officer, shall, if present, preside at all meetings of
          the Board of Directors at which the Chairman of the Board of
          Directors shall not be present.  If two Vice Chairmen of the
          Board of Directors are elected, the one designated by the Board
          of Directors shall preside at meetings of the Board of Directors
          in the absence of the Chairman.  The Vice Chairman or Vice
          Chairmen of the Board of Directors shall have such other powers
          and perform such other duties as may be prescribed for them by
          the Board of Directors or the By-Laws.

                                    ARTICLE VII.

                                    The President

               The President shall have active supervision and direction of
          operations of the business and affairs of the Corporation.  The
          President shall sign or countersign all bonds, mortgages,
          certificates, contracts or other instruments in behalf of the
          Corporation as authorized by the Board of Directors, and shall
          perform any and all other duties as are incident to the office of
          the President or as may be required by the Board of Directors.
          The President shall have general supervision and direction of all
          the other officers, employees and agents of the Corporation.



                                    ARTICLE VIII.


                            The Executive Vice President,

                     Senior Vice Presidents and Vice Presidents

               Section 1.  The Executive Vice President shall, in the
          absence or disability of the President, perform the duties and
          exercise the powers of the President, and shall perform such
          other duties as the Board of Directors shall prescribe.

               Section 2.  Senior Vice Presidents, if any such officers
          shall have been elected, shall in the absence of the President
          and Executive Vice President, in the order designated by the
          President or, failing such designation, by the Board of
          Directors, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the
          President.  Senior Vice Presidents and other Vice Presidents
          shall have such powers and perform such duties as may be assigned
          to them from time to time by the Board of Directors or the
          President.

                                     ARTICLE IX.

                                    The Treasurer

               Section 1.  Chief Accounting Officer:  The Treasurer shall
          be the Chief Accounting Officer of the Corporation.

               Section 2.  Accounting Supervision:  The Treasurer shall
          have general supervision of and responsibility for all accounting
          matters affecting the Corporation and shall perform such other
          duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or by the
          President.

               Section 3.  Custody of Funds:  The Treasurer shall have the
          custody of the corporate funds and securities, and shall keep
          full and accurate account of receipts and disbursements in books
          belonging to the Corporation.  He shall deposit all moneys and
          other valuables in the name and to the credit of the Corporation
          in such depositaries as may be designated by the Board of
          Directors.

               Section 4.  Disbursements:  The Treasurer shall disburse the
          funds of the Corporation as may be ordered by the Board of
          Directors, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements.  He
          shall render to the President and Directors at the regular
          meetings of the Board of Directors, or whenever they may request
          it, an account of all his transactions as Treasurer and of the
          financial condition of the Corporation.

               Section 5.  Bond:  He shall give the Corporation a bond if
          required by the Board of Directors, in a sum and with one or more
          sureties satisfactory to the Board of Directors, for the faithful
          performance of the duties of his office and for the restoration
          to the Corporation in case of his death,  resignation, retirement
          or removal from office of all books, papers, vouchers,
          securities, moneys and other property of whatever kind in his
          possession or under his control belonging to the Corporation.

                                     ARTICLE X.

                                    The Secretary

               The Secretary shall attend all meetings of the Board of
          Directors and all meetings of the stockholders and shall record
          all votes and the minutes of all proceedings in a book to be kept
          for that purpose and shall perform like duties for the standing
          committees when required.  He shall give or cause to be given
          notice of all meetings of the stockholders and of the Board of
          Directors, and he shall perform such other duties as may be
          prescribed by the Board of Directors, Chairman of the Board or
          the President.

                                     ARTICLE XI.

                   Assistant Treasurers and Assistant Secretaries

               The Assistant Treasurers and Assistant Secretaries shall
          perform such duties as may be prescribed hereunder, or by the
          Board of Directors, or by the President.

               In the absence or disability of the Treasurer, his duties
          may be performed by any Assistant Treasurer.

               In the absence or disability of the Secretary, his duties
          may be performed by any Assistant Secretary.

                                    ARTICLE XII.

                         Duties of Officers may be Delegated

               In case of the absence or disability of any officer of the
          Corporation, or for any other reason that the Board of Directors
          may deem sufficient, the Board of Directors, by majority vote,
          may delegate for the time being the powers or duties or any of
          them of such officer to any other officer or to any Director or
          to any other person.

                                    ARTICLE XIII.

                                   Indemnification

               Section 1.  The Corporation shall indemnify to the fullest
          extent permitted by Law any person who was or is a party to any
          proceeding (other than an action by, or in the right of, the
          Corporation) by reason of the fact that he is or was a director,
          officer, employee, or agent of the Corporation or is or was
          serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer,
          employee, or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint
          venture, trust, or other enterprise against liability incurred in
          connection with such proceeding, including any appeal thereof, if
          he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to
          be in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the Corporation
          and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no
          reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful.  The
          termination of any proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, or
          conviction or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent
          shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did
          not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably
          believed to be in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the
          Corporation or, with respect to any criminal action or
          proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was
          unlawful.

               Section 2.   The Corporation shall indemnify to the fullest
          extent permitted by Law any person, who was or is a party to any
          proceeding by or in the right of the Corporation to procure a
          judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he is or was a
          director, officer, employee, or agent of the Corporation or is or
          was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director,
          officer, employee, or agent of another corporation, partnership,
          joint venture, trust, or other enterprise, against expenses and
          amounts paid in settlement not exceeding, in the judgment of the
          Board of Directors, the estimated expense of litigating the
          proceeding to conclusion, actually and reasonably incurred in
          connection with the defense or settlement of such  proceeding,
          including any appeal thereof.  Such indemnification shall be
          authorized if such person acted in good faith and in a manner he
          reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, the best
          interests of the Corporation, except that no indemnification
          shall be made under this subsection in respect of any claim,
          issue, or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged
          to be liable unless, and only to the extent that, the court in
          which such proceeding was brought, or any other court of
          competent jurisdiction, shall determine upon application that,
          despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all
          circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably
          entitled to indemnity for such expenses which such court shall
          deem proper.

               Section 3.   To the extent that a director, officer,
          employee, or agent of the Corporation has been successful on the
          merits or otherwise in defense of any proceeding referred to in
          Section 1 or Section 2, or in defense of any claim, issue, or
          matter therein, he shall be indemnified against expenses actually
          and reasonably incurred by him in connection therewith.

               Section 4.  Any indemnification under Section 1 or Section
          2, unless pursuant to a determination by a court, shall be made
          by the Corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a
          determination that indemnification of the director, officer,
          employee, or agent is proper in the circumstances because he has
          met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Section 1 or
          Section 2.  Such determination shall be made:

               (a) By the Board of Directors by a majority vote of a quorum
          consisting of directors who were not parties to such proceeding;

               (b) If such a quorum is not obtainable or, even if
          obtainable, by majority vote of a committee duly designated by
          the Board of Directors (in which directors who are parties may
          participate) consisting solely of two or more directors not at
          the time parties to the proceeding;

               (c) By independent legal counsel:

                    (i) Selected by the Board of Directors prescribed in
          paragraph (a) or the committee prescribed in paragraph (b); or

                    (ii) If a quorum of the directors cannot be obtained
          for paragraph (a) and the committee cannot be designated under
          paragraph (b), selected by majority vote of the full Board of
          Directors (in which directors who are parties may participate; or

               (d) By the stockholders by a majority vote of a quorum
          consisting of stockholders who were not parties to such
          proceeding or, if no such quorum is obtainable, by a majority
          vote of stockholders who were not parties to such proceeding.

               Section 5.  Evaluation of the reasonableness of expenses and
          authorization of indemnification shall be made in the same manner
          as the determination that indemnification is permissible.
          However, if the determination of permissibility is made by
          independent legal counsel, persons specified by Section 4(c)
          shall evaluate the reasonableness of expenses and may authorize
          indemnification.

               Section 6.  Expenses incurred by an officer or director in
          defending a civil or criminal proceeding may be paid by the
          Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such
          proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such
          director or officer to repay such amount if he is ultimately
          found not to be entitled to indemnification by the Corporation
          pursuant to this section.  Expenses incurred by other employees
          and agents may be paid in advance upon such terms or conditions
          that the Board of Directors deems appropriate.

               Section 7.  The indemnification and advancement of expenses
          provided pursuant to this section are not exclusive, and the
          Corporation may make any other or further indemnification or
          advancement of expenses of any of its directors, officers,
          employees, or agents, under any by-law, agreement, vote of
          stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise, both as to
          action in his official capacity and as to action in another
          capacity while holding such office.  However, indemnification or
          advancement of expenses shall not be made to or on behalf of any
          director, officer, employee, or agent if a judgment or  other
          final adjudication establishes that his actions, or omissions to
          act, were material to the cause of action so adjudicated and
          constitute:

               (a) A violation of the criminal law, unless the director,
          officer, employee, or agent had reasonable cause to believe his
          conduct was lawful or had no reasonable cause to believe his
          conduct was unlawful;

               (b) A transaction from which the director, officer,
          employee, or agent derived an improper personal benefit;

               (c) In the case of a director, a circumstance under which
          the liability provisions of Section 607.0834, Florida Statutes,
          are applicable; or

               (d) Willful misconduct or a conscious disregard for the best
          interests of the Corporation in a proceeding by or in the right
          of the Corporation to procure a judgment in its favor or in a
          proceeding by or in the right of a stockholder.

               Section 8.  Indemnification and advancement of expenses as
          provided in this section shall continue as, unless otherwise
          provided when authorized or ratified, to a person who has ceased
          to be a director, officer, employee, or agent and shall inure to
          the benefit of the heirs, executors, and administrators of such a
          person, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified.

               Section 9.   For purposes of this Article, the term
          "corporation" includes, in addition to the resulting corporation,
          any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a
          constituent)) absorbed in a consolidation or merger, so that any
          person who is or was a director, officer, employee, or agent of a
          constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request of a
          constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee, or
          agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust,
          or other enterprise, is in the same position under this section
          with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as he
          would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its
          separate existence had continued.

               Section 10.  For purposes of this Article:

               (a) The term "other enterprises" includes employee benefit
          plans;

               (b) The term "expenses" includes counsel fees, including
          those for appeal;

               (c) The term "liability" includes obligations to pay a
          judgment, settlement, penalty, fine (including an excise tax
          assessed with respect to any employee benefit plan), and expenses
          actually and reasonably incurred with respect to a proceeding;

               (d) The term "proceeding" includes any threatened, pending,
          or completed action, suit, or other type of proceeding, whether
          civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative and whether
          formal or informal;

               (e) The term "agent" includes a volunteer;

               (f) The term "serving at the request of the corporation"
          includes any service as a director, officer, employee, or agent
          of the Corporation that imposes duties on such persons, including
          duties relating to an employee benefit plan and its participants
          or beneficiaries; and

               (g) The term "not opposed to the best interest of the
          Corporation" describes the actions of a person who acts in good
          faith and in a manner he reasonably believes to be in the best
          interests of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee
          benefit plan.

               Section 11.  The Corporation shall have power to purchase
          and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a
          director, officer, employee, or agent of the Corporation or is or
          was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director,
          officer, employee, or agent of another corporation, partnership,
          joint venture, trust, or other enterprise against any liability
          asserted against him and incurred by him in any such capacity or
          arising out of his status as such, whether or not the Corporation
          would have the power to indemnify him against such liability
          under the provisions of this Article.

               Section 12.  The foregoing indemnifications shall not be
          deemed exclusive of any other rights to which any director,
          officer, employee or agent may be entitled under any by-law,
          agreement, vote of stockholders or as a matter of law or
          otherwise.

                                    ARTICLE XIV.

                                Certificates of Stock

                  The Certificates of stock of the Corporation shall be
          numbered and shall be entered in the books of the Corporation as
          they are issued.  They shall exhibit the holder's name and
          certify the number of shares owned by the holder and shall be
          signed by the President or a Vice President and by the Secretary
          or an Assistant Secretary or an Assistant Treasurer of the
          Corporation and sealed with the Seal of the Corporation.

                                     ARTICLE XV.

                                 Transfers of Stock

                  The shares of stock shall be transferable on the books of
          the Corporation by the person named in the Certificate or by
          attorney, lawfully constituted in writing, upon surrender of the
          certificate thereof.

                  The Board of Directors shall have power and authority to
          make all such rules and regulations as it shall deem expedient
          concerning the issue, transfer and registration of certificates
          for shares of stock of the Corporation or scrip certificates for
          such stock.

                  The Board of Directors may appoint and remove transfer
          agents and registrars of transfers, and may require all stock
          certificates and/or scrip certificates to bear the signature of
          any such transfer agent and/or of any such registrar of the
          transfers.

                                    ARTICLE XVI.

                                     Record Date

                  The Board of Directors may fix a future date as the
          record date for determining the stockholders entitled to notice
          of a stockholders' meeting, to demand a special meeting, to vote
          or to take any other action.  Such record date may not be more
          than seventy (70) days before the meeting or action requiring a
          determination of stockholders.  A determination of stockholders
          entitled to notice of or to vote at a stockholders' meeting is
          effective for any adjournment of the meeting unless the Board of
          Directors fixes a new record date for the adjourned meeting,
          which it must do if the meeting is adjourned to a date more than
          120 days after the date fixed for the original meeting.

                  If no record date is fixed by the Board of directors for
          the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of or to
          vote at a meeting of stockholders, the close of business on the
          day before the first notice of the meeting is delivered to
          stockholders shall be the record date for such determination of
          stockholders.

                  The Board of Directors may fix a date as the record date
          for determining stockholders entitled to a distribution or share
          dividend.  If no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors
          for such determination, it is the date the Board of Directors
          authorizes the distribution or share dividend.

                                    ARTICLE XVII.

                               Registered Stockholders

                  The Corporation shall be entitled to treat the holder of
          record of any share or shares of stock as the holder in fact
          thereof and, accordingly, shall not be bound to recognize any
          equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares
          on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have
          express or other notice thereof, except as expressly provided by
          the Laws of Florida.

                                   ARTICLE XVIII.

                                  Lost Certificates

                  Any person claiming a certificate of stock to be lost or
          destroyed shall make an affidavit or affirmation of that fact and
          verify the same in such manner as the Board of Directors may
          require, and shall if the Board of Directors so requires, give
          the Corporation, its transfer agents, registrars and/or other
          agents a bond of indemnity in form and with one or more sureties
          satisfactory to the Board of Directors before a new certificate
          may be issued of the same tenor and for the same number of shares
          as the one alleged to have been lost or destroyed.

                                    ARTICLE XIX.

                                 Inspection of Books

                  The Board of Directors shall determine from time to time
          whether, and if allowed, when and under what conditions and
          regulations the accounts and books of the Corporation, or any of
          them, shall be open to the inspection of the stockholders.  No
          stockholder shall have any right to inspect any book or document
          of the Corporation except as such right may be conferred by the
          laws of the State of Florida or as may be authorized by the Board
          of Directors or the stockholders.

                                     ARTICLE XX.

                                    Checks, Etc.

                  All checks, drafts, acceptances, notes and other orders,
          demands or instruments in respect of the payment of money shall
          be signed or endorsed in behalf of the Corporation by such
          officer or officers or by such agent or agents as the Board of
          Directors may from time to time designate.

                                    ARTICLE XXI.

                                     Fiscal Year

                  The fiscal year of the Corporation shall end on the last
          Wednesday in the month of June of each year.




                                    ARTICLE XXII.

                                      Dividends

                  Dividends upon the capital stock of the Corporation may
          be declared at the discretion of the Board of Directors, at any
          regular or special meeting, subject to the provisions of the
          Articles of Incorporation and the Laws of the State of Florida.

                                   ARTICLE XXIII.

                                       Notices

                  Section 1.  How Given:  Notice required to be given by
          the Articles of Incorporation or by these By-Laws is effective
          when mailed postage prepaid and correctly addressed to the
          stockholder, officer or director, as the case may be, at such
          address as appears on the current records of the Corporation.

                  Section 2.  Waiver of Notice:  Notice of a meeting of the
          Board of Directors need not be given to any Director who signs a
          waiver of notice either before or after the meeting.  Attendance
          of a Director at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of
          such meeting, except when the Director states at the beginning of
          the meeting or promptly upon arrival, any objection to the
          transaction of business because the meeting is not lawfully
          called or convened.

                                    ARTICLE XXIV.

                                     Amendments

                  Unless otherwise provided in the Articles of
          Incorporation, these By-Laws may be altered, amended or repealed
          by the affirmative vote of a majority of the holders of Stock
          issued and outstanding and entitled to vote at any regular or
          special meeting of the stockholders, or by the affirmative vote
          of a majority of the Board of Directors at any regular or special
          meeting, if notice of the proposed alteration, amendment or
          repeal be contained in the notice of the meeting.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-11
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 11.1 COMPUTATION OF EARNINGS PER SHARE
<TEXT>

                                                                   Exhibit 11.1



                    WINN-DIXIE STORES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                       Computation of Earnings Per Share
           Years ended June 28, 1995, June 29, 1994 and June 30, 1993
                  (Dollars in thousands except per share data)

                                    June 28,        June 29,         June 30,
                                      1995            1994             1993

Average number of shares of
   common stock outstanding        74,717,003        74,644,036     76,119,152


Net earnings                  $       232,187           216,117        236,385


Earnings per share            $          3.11              2.90           3.11

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 21.1 SUBSIDIARIES OF WINN-DIXIE STORES
<TEXT>


                                                              Exhibit 21.1

                            WINN-DIXIE STORES, INC.

                           SUBSIDIARIES OF REGISTRANT

The Registrant (Winn-Dixie Stores, Inc.) has no parents.

The following list includes all of the subsidiaries of the Registrant except
fifteen wholly-owned inactive domestic subsidiaries of the Registrant and/or its
subsidiaries.

All of the subsidiaries listed below are included in the Consolidated
statements.  The Consolidated Financial Statements also include the fifteen
presently inactive domestic subsidiaries mentioned above.

Each of the following subsidiaries is owned by the Registrant except the names
of which are indented, are owned by the subsidiary named immediately above each
indention.  All subsidiaries are wholly-owned except for Bahamas Supermarkets
Limited, which is owned approximately 78% by W-D (Bahamas) Limited.

                            Subsidiary                  State of
                                                     Incorporation

               Astor Products, Inc.                     Florida
               Deep South Products, Inc.                Florida
               Dixie Packers, Inc.                      Florida
               Fairway Food Stores Co., Inc.            Florida
               First Northern Supply, Inc.              Delaware
               Second Northern Supply, Inc.             Delaware
               Third Northern Supply, Inc.              Delaware
               Monterey Canning Co.                     California
               W-D (Bahamas) Limited                    Bahama Islands
                 Bahamas Supermarkets Limited           Bahama Islands
                    The City Meat Markets Limited       Bahama Islands
               Winn-Dixie Atlanta, Inc.                 Florida
               Winn-Dixie Charlotte,Inc.                Florida
               Winn-Dixie Greenville,Inc.               Florida
               Winn-Dixie Louisiana, Inc.               Florida
               Winn-Dixie Midwest, Inc.                 Florida
               Winn-Dixie Montgomery,Inc.               Kentucky
               Winn-Dixie Raleigh, Inc.                 Florida
               Winn-Dixie Texas, Inc.                   Texas
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 23.1 CONSENT OF AUDITORS
<TEXT>

                                                              Exhibit 23.1



                         INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' CONSENT



The Shareholders and the Board of Directors
Winn-Dixie Stores, Inc.:




We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements Nos.
33-42278 and 33-50039 on Form S-8 of Winn-Dixie Stores, Inc. of our reports
dated July 31, 1995, relating to the consolidated balance sheets of Winn-Dixie
Stores, Inc. and subsidiaries as of June 28, 1995 and June 29, 1994, and the
related consolidated statements of earnings, shareholders' equity, and cash
flows and related financial statement schedules for each of the years in the
three-year period ended June 28, 1995, which reports appear in the June 28, 1995
annual report on Form 10-K of Winn-Dixie Stores, Inc.




                                           Certified Public Accountants


Jacksonville, Florida
August 25, 1995

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>6
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE>             5
<MULTIPLIER>          1,000
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          JUN-28-1995
<PERIOD-END>                               JUN-28-1995
<CASH>                                          30,414
<SECURITIES>                                         0
<RECEIVABLES>                                  162,527
<ALLOWANCES>                                         0
<INVENTORY>                                  1,159,584
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                             1,455,660
<PP&E>                                       2,364,203
<DEPRECIATION>                               1,466,380
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                               2,482,792
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                        1,030,122
<BONDS>                                              0
<COMMON>                                        75,561
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                          0
<OTHER-SE>                                   1,165,646
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                 2,482,792
<SALES>                                     11,787,843
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                            11,894,744
<CGS>                                        9,064,536
<TOTAL-COSTS>                               11,526,419
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                     0
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                     0
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                              14,330
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                353,995
<INCOME-TAX>                                   121,808
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                                  0
<DISCONTINUED>                                       0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                   232,187
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                     3.11
<EPS-DILUTED>                                        0
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>

</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
