-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 aIYpEQJiqtFwwJKFPfOnQBsFUXEYtC6CjPFONChk6N69ED1YIEPoRVwLFZy/aCly
 YCdqF8qqHdVow7hfEJ/WNw==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000059198-94-000003.txt : 19940321
<IMS-HEADER>0000059198-94-000003.hdr.sgml : 19940321
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000059198-94-000003
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		11
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19931231
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940318

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TRINOVA CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000059198
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	3490
		IRS NUMBER:				344288310
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		34
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-00924
		FILM NUMBER:		94516754

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3000 STRAYER
		CITY:			MAUMEE
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43537
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4198672200

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LIBBEY OWENS FORD CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19860814

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LIBBEY OWENS FORD GLASS CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19681004
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K
<TEXT>


                                   FORM 10-K


                     SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                           Washington, D. C. 20549

 
                ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
                      THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


For the fiscal year ended December 31, 1993

Commission File No. 1-924


                             TRINOVA CORPORATION                    
            (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

 
         Ohio                                               34-4288310      
(State of Incorporation)                                 (I.R.S. Employer
                                                        Identification No.)
 
      3000 Strayer, Maumee, Ohio                            43537-0050
(Address of principal executive office)                     (Zip Code)


Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (419) 867-2200


Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
 
                                                Name of each exchange on
     Title of each class                            which registered    

Common Shares, $5.00 Par Value                  Frankfurt Stock Exchange
                                                Midwest Stock Exchange
                                                New York Stock Exchange
                                                Pacific Stock Exchange
                                                The Stock Exchange (London)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  None

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months, and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days.      Yes   X     No _____

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K (Section 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein,
and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in
definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part
III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.  [X]


                            [Cover page continued]

<PAGE>
                                      -2-



The aggregate market value of the Common Shares held by non-affiliates of the
registrant as of February 22, 1994, was $1,089,387,219.

The number of Common Shares, $5 Par Value, outstanding as of February 22,
1994, was 28,697,879.



                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE


Portions of the 1993 Annual Report to Security Holders are filed as Exhibit
(13) filed hereto and are incorporated by reference into Parts I, II and IV.

Portions of the proxy statement for the annual meeting of security holders to
be held on April 21, 1994, are incorporated by reference into Part III.












            This document, including exhibits, contains 109 pages.

                      The cover page consists of 2 pages.

                 The Exhibit Index is located on pages 28-30.















                              [End of cover page]

<PAGE>
                                      -3-


                                    PART I


ITEM 1.  Business.

(a)  TRINOVA Corporation ("TRINOVA") is a world leader in the manufacture and
distribution of engineered components and systems for industry, sold through
its operating companies, Aeroquip Corporation ("Aeroquip") and Vickers,
Incorporated ("Vickers"), to the industrial, automotive, and aerospace &
defense markets.

       On January 28, 1993, two new directors, Delmont A. Davis, President
and Chief Executive Officer of Ball Corporation, and David R. Goode, Chairman
of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of Norfolk Southern
Corporation, were elected to the Board of Directors of TRINOVA.

       On February 25, 1993, Gregory R. Papp was elected Corporate Controller
of TRINOVA.  Mr. Papp was formerly Vice President and Controller for Aeroquip.

       In the 1993 first quarter, TRINOVA adopted Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement
Benefits Other Than Pensions" (FAS 106).  TRINOVA elected to recognize the
transition obligation in the 1993 first quarter as the cumulative effect of a
change in accounting principle resulting in a non-cash charge to income of
$113,229,000 pretax, $70,229,000 after tax, or $2.47 per share for the year.

       On April 15, 1993, A. Paul Funkhouser and Robert M. Schaeberle retired
from the Board of Directors of TRINOVA.

       In the 1993 second quarter, TRINOVA recorded a $26 million ($18.2
million after tax, or $.64 per share) provision for severance and other
personnel-related costs associated with worldwide work force reductions,
primarily focusing on TRINOVA's industrial operations in Europe.

       During the 1993 fourth quarter, TRINOVA recognized a charge of
$7 million ($4.7 million after tax, or $.17 per share) to provide for prior
years' value-added taxes in Brazil which have been unsuccessfully contested by
TRINOVA and for which no provision had been made.

       No business acquisitions were completed in 1993.

       On September 1, 1993, TRINOVA sold the assets, net of certain
liabilities, of its plastics compounding business located in Cleveland, Ohio. 
On December 21, 1993, TRINOVA sold the assets, net of certain liabilities, of
its radial piston motor business located in Plymouth, Devon, United Kingdom. 
These businesses were sold as part of TRINOVA's ongoing program to eliminate
businesses and product lines which do not fit its strategies.

(b)  "Note 13 - Business Segments" on pages 87-89 of Exhibit (13) filed
hereunder is incorporated herein by reference.

(c)  A description of the business done and intended to be done by TRINOVA and
its subsidiaries in each industry segment follows.



<PAGE>
                                      -4-

     (1) INDUSTRIAL:  Aeroquip manufactures and sells all pressure ranges of
hose and fittings; adapters; self-sealing couplings; and molded, extruded and
co-extruded plastic products.

       Vickers manufactures and sells hydraulic, electrohydraulic, pneumatic
and electronic control devices; piston and vane pumps and motors; servovalves
and controls; hydraulic and pneumatic cylinders; hydraulic power packages;
electric motors and drives; and filters and fluid evaluation services.

       Principal markets for these products include construction, mining,
logging and farm equipment; machine tool; process industries; electrical
machinery, refrigeration and air conditioning; appliances and communications
equipment; electronics; lift truck; material handling; plant maintenance; and
housing and commercial construction.  Sales are dispersed geographically
across a broad customer base.  Products are sold directly to original
equipment manufacturers ("OEMs") and through a worldwide network of
distributors serving aftermarket and small OEM customers.

       The industrial business is highly competitive in terms of price,
quality and service.  TRINOVA believes that Aeroquip has significant market
position worldwide for industrial hose, fittings, couplings and adapters. 
TRINOVA also believes that Vickers has significant market position worldwide
for mobile and industrial vane pumps, solenoid-operated directional valves,
mobile hydraulic control valves for forklift trucks, cartridge valve systems,
piston pumps for high-horsepower agricultural tractors, hydraulic tilt-train
technology, and utility vehicle hydraulic equipment.  TRINOVA serves many
customers in the highly diverse and fragmented industrial markets.  Due to the
diversity of TRINOVA's products, there are a large number of competitors
scattered across a wide variety of market segments, with no single competitor
competing in each of TRINOVA's product lines.

       The order backlog for the industrial business was $148.4 million as of
December 31, 1993, compared to $152.2 million as of December 31, 1992. 
Substantially all of the December 31, 1993 backlog is expected to be filled in
1994.

       (2)  AUTOMOTIVE:  Aeroquip manufactures and sells air conditioning,
power steering, oil and transmission cooler, and fuel line components and
assemblies; body side moldings; bumper nerf strips; fascias; window frames;
instrument panels; radio bezels; louvers and trim plates; consoles; engine
covers; garnish moldings; bumper beams; engine components; and height sensors.

       The automotive businesses of Aeroquip serve worldwide automobile,
light truck and van manufacturers.  Products are primarily sold directly to
manufacturers.  Approximately 51 percent of sales of TRINOVA's automotive
business is comprised of worldwide sales made to three major U.S. automobile
manufacturers.

       The automotive business is a highly competitive industry in terms of
price, quality and service.  Aeroquip is a preferred supplier to the major
U.S. and European automobile manufacturers.  Competition for products in the
automotive industry is very fragmented. 

       (3)  AEROSPACE & DEFENSE:  Aeroquip manufactures and sells hose,
fittings, couplings, swivels, V-band couplings, fuel-handling products and
high-pressure tube fittings.

<PAGE>
                                      -5-


       Vickers manufactures and sells fixed- and variable-displacement pumps;
fuel pumps; hydraulic motors and motor packages; motorpumps and generator
packages; high-pressure hydraulic systems; valves and valve packages;
electrohydraulic and electromechanical actuators; integrated packages and
accessories; AC and DC generators, electric motors and motor packages; and
sensors and monitoring devices.

       The aerospace & defense businesses of Aeroquip and Vickers serve
worldwide commercial aerospace and military markets including commercial
aircraft, air defense, cargo handling, combat and support vehicles, commuter
aircraft, engines, marine, military aircraft, military weaponry, missiles and
naval machinery.  Products are sold directly to OEM businesses and the
Government and through a large distributor network.  Approximately 19 percent
of sales of TRINOVA's aerospace & defense business is comprised of sales made
to two major U.S. airframe manufacturers.

       The aerospace & defense business is highly competitive in terms of
price, quality and service.  TRINOVA believes that Aeroquip has significant
market position worldwide for aerospace hose, fittings and quick-disconnect
couplings.  TRINOVA also believes Vickers has significant market position
worldwide for aerospace piston pumps and motors, and lube system diagnostics. 

       TRINOVA serves a large number of customers in the diverse and
fragmented aerospace and defense markets.  Due to the diversity of TRINOVA's
products, there are a large number of competitors scattered across a wide
variety of market segments, with no single competitor competing in each of
TRINOVA's product lines.

       The order backlog for the aerospace & defense business was $278.4
million as of December 31, 1993, compared to $321.6 million as of December 31,
1992.  Approximately 30 percent of the December 31, 1993 backlog is not
expected to be filled in 1994 because certain contracts require deliveries
after 1994.  Approximately 24 percent of the December 31, 1993 backlog
represents direct Government contracts or subcontracts on Government programs,
which are subject to termination for convenience by the Government.

       (4)  OTHER INFORMATION:  TRINOVA and its subsidiaries are generally
not dependent upon any one source for raw materials or purchased components
essential to their businesses, and it is believed that such raw materials and
components will be available in adequate quantities to meet anticipated
production schedules.

       Patents owned by TRINOVA are considered important to the conduct of
its present businesses.  TRINOVA is licensed under a number of patents, none
of which are considered material to its businesses.  TRINOVA is the owner of a
number of U.S. and non-U.S. trademark registrations.

       TRINOVA devotes engineering, research and development efforts to new
products and improvement of existing products and production processes. 
During 1993, 1992 and 1991, TRINOVA spent a total of $55.3 million, $65.3
million and $74.9 million, respectively, on these efforts.

       TRINOVA employed 15,012 persons at December 31, 1993.



<PAGE>
                                      -6-

(d)  "Note 14 - Non-U.S. Operations" on page 90 of Exhibit (13) filed
hereunder is incorporated herein by reference.  TRINOVA believes the risk
attendant to non-U.S. operations, which are primarily in developed countries,
is not significantly greater than that attendant to its U.S. operations.


ITEM 2.  Properties.

         A description of TRINOVA's principal properties follows.  Except as
otherwise indicated, all properties are owned by TRINOVA or its subsidiaries.

         TRINOVA's executive offices (leased) are located in Maumee, Ohio.

INDUSTRIAL:  Aeroquip Corporation has executive and administrative offices in
Maumee, Ohio (leased); technical centers in Ann Arbor, Michigan (leased) and
Maumee, Ohio (leased); and manufacturing facilities throughout the United
States and abroad, including plants in Mountain Home, Arkansas; Fitzgerald,
Georgia; Elkhart and New Haven, Indiana; Williamsport, Maryland; Forest City
and Norwood, North Carolina; Van Wert, Ohio; Gainesboro, Tennessee; Bassett,
Virginia; Wausau, Wisconsin; Rio de Janeiro, Brazil; Chambray-Les-Tours,
France; Baden-Baden and Hann-Muenden, Germany; Livorno, Italy; Barcelona,
Spain; and Cardiff, United Kingdom.  Aeroquip also owns or leases warehouse,
assembly and distribution facilities and sales offices in the United States
and abroad.

         Vickers, Incorporated has executive and administrative offices in
Maumee, Ohio (leased); administrative offices in Troy, Michigan (leased); a
technical center in Rochester Hills (leased), Michigan; and manufacturing
facilities throughout the United States and abroad, including plants in
Decatur, Alabama; Searcy, Arkansas; Carol Stream and Springfield (leased),
Illinois; Grand Blanc and Jackson, Michigan; Columbia, Missouri; Omaha,
Nebraska; White City, Oregon; Victoria, Australia (leased); Sao Paulo, Brazil;
Bad Homburg, Germany; Casella, Vignate (leased), Settimo Milanese (leased) and
Valperga, Italy; and Havant and Telford (leased), United Kingdom.  Vickers
also owns or leases warehouse, assembly and distribution facilities and sales
offices in the United States and abroad.

AUTOMOTIVE:  Aeroquip has executive and administrative offices in Maumee, Ohio
(leased); technical and administrative offices in Mt. Clemens, Michigan
(leased); a technical center in Ann Arbor, Michigan (leased); and
manufacturing facilities throughout the United States and abroad, including
plants in Atlanta, Georgia; Kendallville, Indiana; Henderson, Kentucky;
Clinton Township (leased), Mt. Clemens, Port Huron, Spring Arbor and Sterling
Heights, Michigan; Mooresville, North Carolina; Livingston, Tennessee; Baden-
Baden, Reichelsheim (leased) and Roedelheim (leased), Germany; Alcala de
Henares, Spain; and Brierley Hill, United Kingdom.  Aeroquip also owns or
leases warehouse, assembly and distribution facilities and sales offices in
the United States and abroad.

AEROSPACE & DEFENSE:  Aeroquip Corporation has executive and administrative
offices in Maumee, Ohio (leased); administrative offices in Jackson, Michigan
(leased); a technical center in Ann Arbor, Michigan (leased); and
manufacturing facilities throughout the United States and abroad, including 



<PAGE>
                                      -7-

plants in Toccoa, Georgia; Jackson, Michigan; Middlesex, North Carolina; Pau,
France (leased); and Lakeside, United Kingdom (leased).  Aeroquip also owns or
leases warehouse, assembly and distribution facilities and sales offices in
the United States and abroad.

         Vickers, Incorporated has executive and administrative offices in
Maumee, Ohio (leased); and manufacturing facilities throughout the United
States and abroad, including plants in Los Angeles, California; Maysville,
Kentucky (leased); Grand Rapids, Michigan; Jackson, Mississippi; Hi-Nella, New
Jersey; Glenolden, Pennsylvania; Bad Homburg, Germany; and Bedhampton, United
Kingdom.  Vickers also owns or leases warehouse, assembly and distribution
facilities and sales offices in the United States and abroad.


ITEM 3.  Legal Proceedings.

       As previously reported, on March 26, 1992, the United States
Environmental Protection Agency ("USEPA") issued an Administrative Order
("Order") under Section 106 of the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation, and Liability Act ("CERCLA") to TRINOVA's subsidiary, Aeroquip
Corporation, and five other Potentially Responsible Parties ("PRPs") relative
to the San Fernando Valley Burbank Operable Unit, involving groundwater
contamination.  (Reference is made to Part I, Item 3, of TRINOVA's Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1992.)  The Order requires
the six PRPs to design and construct a water blending facility at a cost now
estimated to be approximately $4.8 million.  TRINOVA's portion of any such
cost is estimated to be 18.33 percent based on a cost-sharing agreement among
the six PRPs which was executed by TRINOVA on July 6, 1992.

       As previously reported, on November 13, 1992, the USEPA, Region IX,
issued a General Notice of Liability letter to TRINOVA's subsidiary, Sterer
Engineering and Manufacturing Company ("Sterer").  (Reference is made to Part
II, Item 1, of TRINOVA's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
June 30, 1993.)  The letter notifies Sterer of potential liability, as defined
by Section 107(a) of CERCLA, that it may incur with respect to the San
Fernando Valley Glendale South Operable Unit, involving groundwater
contamination.  The USEPA issued its Record of Decision ("ROD") on June 18,
1993.  The interim remedy proposed in the ROD for both the North and South
Operable Units is projected by the USEPA to cost approximately $45 million. 
Twenty-seven PRPs have presented a good faith offer to USEPA to conduct the
Remedial Design ("RD") phase of the interim remedy.  The estimated cost of the
RD phase is $3 million.  Sterer's portion of the RD costs is estimated to be
2.07 percent based on an interim allocation agreement among the PRPs.

       As previously reported, on July 31, 1992, the Maine Department of
Environmental Protection issued an Administrative Enforcement Order to TRINOVA
and its wholly owned subsidiaries, Aeroquip Corporation and Sterling
Engineered Products Inc. ("Sterling"), as well as one other party, Pioneer
Plastics Corporation ("Pioneer Plastics"), (collectively the "respondents"),
pursuant to Title 38, section 1304(12) of the Maine Revised Statutes. 
(Reference is made to Part II, Item 1, of TRINOVA's Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 1993.)  The Order, which was issued
without a prior hearing, required the respondents to conduct a complete Phase
II environmental assessment of alleged soil and groundwater contamination at a
manufacturing site in Auburn, Maine, which was formerly owned by Sterling and 

<PAGE>
                                      -8-

is now owned by Pioneer Plastics.  The Order further required the respondents
to remediate any environmental contamination identified in the Phase II
assessment.  Sterling and the other respondents filed applications for a
hearing on the Order and for other procedural and substantive relief; the
Order was stayed while administrative proceedings were pending.  On May 5,
1993, a Compliance Order on Consent ("COC") was entered into by the State of
Maine, Sterling and Pioneer Plastics.  The COC replaces and revokes the Order
issued July 31, 1992.  The COC requires Sterling to conduct a site
investigation and to develop and implement a remedial work plan.  The cost to
Sterling to conduct the COC site investigation is estimated to be
approximately $535,000.  Sterling's remediation costs are undetermined at this
time because the site investigation has not been completed.

       TRINOVA and certain subsidiaries are defendants in various lawsuits. 
While the ultimate outcome of these lawsuits and the above environmental
matters cannot now be predicted, management is of the opinion, based on the
facts now known to it, that the liability, if any, in these lawsuits (to the
extent not provided for by insurance or otherwise) and the above environmental
matters will not have a material adverse effect upon TRINOVA's consolidated
financial position.


ITEM 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.

       None.


                     EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

       The names, ages, positions and recent business experience of the
executive officers of TRINOVA as of February 22, 1994, are listed below. 
Officers of TRINOVA are elected annually in April by the Board of Directors at
the organization meeting immediately following the annual meeting of
shareholders.

     NAME AND POSITION              AGE            BUSINESS EXPERIENCE       

Darryl F. Allen,                    50     Chairman of the Board, President 
  Chairman of the Board,                   and Chief Executive Officer of
  President and Chief                      TRINOVA since 1991.  President and
  Executive Officer                        Chief Executive Officer of 
                                           TRINOVA from 1986 to 1991.

William R. Ammann,                  52     Vice President-Administration
  Vice President-Administration            and Treasurer of TRINOVA since
  and Treasurer                            April 1992.  Vice President -
                                           Administration of TRINOVA from 
                                           1983 to April 1992.

Warren N. Bimblick                  39     Vice President-Corporate 
  Vice President-Corporate                 Communications of TRINOVA since
  Communications                           1990.  Director-Investor
                                           Relations and Corporate
                                           Communications of TRINOVA from
                                           1985 to 1990.


<PAGE>
                                      -9-

     NAME AND POSITION              AGE            BUSINESS EXPERIENCE       

James E. Kline,                     52     Vice President & General Counsel
  Vice President and                       of TRINOVA since 1989.  Partner of
  General Counsel                          Shumaker, Loop & Kendrick (law
                                           firm), Toledo, Ohio, from 1984 
                                           to 1989.

James McKee,                        62     Executive Vice President of
  Executive Vice President of              TRINOVA since 1989 and President
  TRINOVA and President of                 of Vickers, Incorporated since
  Vickers, Incorporated                    1987.  Vice President of TRINOVA
                                           from 1987 to 1989.

James M. Oathout,                   49     Secretary and Associate General
  Secretary and                            Counsel of TRINOVA since 1988.
  Associate General Counsel

Gregory R. Papp,                    47     Corporate Controller of TRINOVA
  Corporate Controller                     since February 1993.  Vice
                                           President and Controller of
                                           Aeroquip Corporation from July 1991
                                           to February 1993.  Vice President
                                           Planning and Control - Automotive
                                           Products Group of Aeroquip
                                           Corporation from January 1991 to
                                           July 1991.  Group Controller -
                                           Garrett Automotive Group of Allied-
                                           Signal Corporation from 1987 to
                                           1991.

David M. Risley,                    49     Vice President - Finance and Chief
  Vice President - Finance                 Financial Officer of TRINOVA since 
  and Chief Financial Officer              October 1992.  Group Vice President
                                           - Administration and Control of
                                           Aeroquip Corporation from 1991 
                                           to October 1992.  Vice President
                                           and Controller of Aeroquip
                                           Corporation from 1990 to 1991.
                                           Controller of TRINOVA from 1984
                                           to 1990.
 
Howard M. Selland,                  50     Executive Vice President of 
  Executive Vice President of              TRINOVA and President of Aeroquip
  TRINOVA and President of                 Corporation since 1989.  Vice
  Aeroquip Corporation                     President of TRINOVA and
                                           President of Sterling Engineered
                                           Products Inc. from 1984 to 1989.
 
Philip G. Simonds,                  53     Vice President-Taxation of TRINOVA 
  Vice President-Taxation                  since 1983. 


There are no family relationships among the persons named above.



<PAGE>
                                     -10-

                                    PART II

 
ITEM 5.  Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder
         Matters.
 
       "Stock Exchanges," "Stock Ownership," "Dividend Information,"
"Quarterly Common Stock Information" and "Dividend Payments per Share of
Common Stock" on page 93 of Exhibit (13) filed hereunder are incorporated
herein by reference.


ITEM 6.  Selected Financial Data.

       "11-Year Summary of Selected Financial Data" on pages 54-56 of Exhibit
(13) filed hereunder is incorporated herein by reference.


ITEM 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
         and Results of Operation.
 
       "Analysis of Operations," "Effects of Inflation" and "Liquidity,
Working Capital and Capital Investment" on pages 57-64 of Exhibit (13) filed
hereunder are incorporated herein by reference.


ITEM 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.
 
       "Quarterly Results of Operations" and the consolidated financial
statements of the registrant and its subsidiaries on pages 65-92 of Exhibit
(13) filed hereunder are incorporated herein by reference.


ITEM 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
         Financial Disclosure.
 
       None.

                                   PART III

 
ITEM 10.  Directors and Officers of the Registrant.
 
       "Election of Directors" on pages 1-2 of the proxy statement for the
annual meeting to be held on April 21, 1994, is incorporated herein by
reference.  Information regarding executive officers is set forth in Part I of
this report under the caption "Executive Officers of the Registrant."


ITEM 11.  Executive Compensation.

       "Compensation of Directors" and "Executive Compensation" (excluding
material under the captions "TRINOVA Stock Performance Graph" and "Board
Compensation Committee Report on Executive Compensation") on pages 3 and 5-9,
respectively, of the proxy statement for the annual meeting to be held on
April 21, 1994, are incorporated herein by reference.

<PAGE>
                                     -11-


ITEM 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management.

       "Security Ownership" on page 4 of the proxy statement for the annual
meeting to be held on April 21, 1994, is incorporated herein by reference.


ITEM 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions.

       None.


                                    PART IV


ITEM 14.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, and Reports on Form 8-K.

(a)  The following documents are filed as a part of this report.

       (1)  The following consolidated financial statements of TRINOVA and
its subsidiaries, included on pages 67-92 of Exhibit (13) filed hereunder are
incorporated by reference in Item 8.

    Management's Statement on Responsibility for Financial Statements

    Report of Ernst & Young, Independent Auditors

    Statement of Operations - Years ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991

    Statement of Financial Position - December 31, 1993 and 1992

    Statement of Cash Flows - Years ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991

    Statement of Shareholders' Equity - Years ended December 31, 1993, 1992
    and 1991

    Notes to Financial Statements - December 31, 1993

       (2)  The following consolidated financial statement schedules of
TRINOVA and its subsidiaries are filed under Item 14(d):

    SCHEDULE                                                           PAGE(S)

    Schedule V    - Property, plant and equipment                       17-19
    Schedule VI   - Accumulated depreciation, depletion and
                     amortization of property, plant and equipment      20-22
    Schedule VIII - Valuation and qualifying accounts                   23-25
    Schedule IX   - Short-term borrowings                               26
    Schedule X    - Supplementary income statement information          27

All other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission are either not required
under the related instructions or are inapplicable, and therefore have been
omitted.


<PAGE>
                                     -12-



       (3)  The following exhibits are incorporated by reference hereunder;
and those exhibits marked with an asterisk (*) (together with those exhibits
so marked on page 14) are management contracts or compensatory plans or
arrangements required to be filed as exhibits pursuant to Item 14(c) of this
report:


 EXHIBIT
 NUMBER 

  (3)-1      Amended Code of Regulations (amended April 21, 1988), filed as
             Exhibit (3) to Form SE filed on March 18, 1993

  (4)-1      First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 4, 1992, between
             TRINOVA Corporation and NBD Bank, N.A., with respect to the
             issuance of $75,000,000 aggregate principal amount of TRINOVA
             Corporation 7.95% Notes Due 1997, filed as Exhibit (4)-1 Form SE
             filed on May 6, 1992

  (4)-2      7.95% Notes Due 1997, issued pursuant to the Indenture, dated as
             of January 28, 1988, between TRINOVA Corporation and NBD Bank,
             N.A. (formerly National Bank of Detroit), as supplemented by the
             First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 4, 1992, between
             TRINOVA Corporation and NBD Bank, N.A., filed as Exhibit (4)-2
             to Form SE filed on May 6, 1992

  (4)-3      Officers' Certificate of TRINOVA Corporation, dated May 4, 1992,
             pursuant to Section 2.01 of the Indenture, dated as of January
             28, 1988, between TRINOVA Corporation and NBD Bank, N.A.
             (formerly National Bank of Detroit), as supplemented by the
             First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 4, 1992, between
             TRINOVA Corporation and NBD Bank, N.A., filed as Exhibit (4)-3
             to Form SE filed on May 6, 1992 

  (4)-4      Rights Agreement, dated January 26, 1989, between TRINOVA
             Corporation and First Chicago Trust Company of New York filed as
             Exhibit (2) to Form 8-A filed on January 27, 1989, as amended by
             the First Amendment to Rights Agreement filed as Exhibit (5) to
             Form 8 filed on July 1, 1992

  (4)-5      Form of Share Certificate for Common Shares, $5 par value, of
             TRINOVA Corporation, filed as Exhibit (4)-2 to Form SE filed on
             July 1, 1992 

  (4)-6      Fiscal Agency Agreement, dated as of October 26, 1987, between
             TRINOVA Corporation, as Issuer, and Bankers Trust Company, as
             Fiscal Agent, with respect to $100,000,000 aggregate principal
             amount of TRINOVA Corporation 6% Convertible Subordinated
             Debentures Due 2002, filed as Exhibit (4)-1 to Form SE filed on
             March 18, 1993




<PAGE>
                                     -13-

   (4)-7     Indenture, dated as of January 28, 1988, between TRINOVA
             Corporation and NBD Bank, N.A. (formerly National Bank of
             Detroit), with respect to the issuance of $50,000,000 aggregate
             principal amount of TRINOVA Corporation 9.55% Senior Sinking
             Fund Debentures Due 2018, and the issuance of $75,000,000
             aggregate principal amount of TRINOVA Corporation 7.95% Notes
             Due 1997, filed as Exhibit (4)-2 to Form SE filed on March 18,
             1993

  *(10)-1    TRINOVA Corporation Plan for Optional Deferment of Directors'
             Fees (Restated January 25, 1990), filed as Exhibit (10)-2 to
             Form SE filed on March 20, 1990

  *(10)-2    TRINOVA Corporation Directors' Retirement Plan (Restated 
             January 1, 1990), filed as Exhibit (10)-3 to Form SE filed on
             March 20, 1990

  *(10)-3    Aeroquip Corporation Incentive Compensation Plan, filed as
             Exhibit (10)-4 to Form SE filed on March 20, 1990

  *(10)-4    Vickers, Incorporated Incentive Compensation Plan, filed as
             Exhibit (10)-5 to Form SE filed on March 20, 1990

  *(10)-5    TRINOVA Corporation Supplemental Benefit Plan (Restated January
             1, 1989), filed as Exhibit (19)-1 to Form SE filed on November
             6, 1992

  *(10)-6    TRINOVA Corporation 1982 Stock Option Plan, filed as Exhibit
             (10)-1 to Form SE filed on March 18, 1993

  *(10)-7    TRINOVA Corporation 1984 Incentive Compensation Plan, filed as
             Exhibit (10)-2 to Form SE filed on March 18, 1993

  *(10)-8    TRINOVA Corporation 1987 Stock Option Plan, filed as Exhibit
             (10)-3 to Form SE filed on March 18, 1993

  *(10)-9    Change in Control Agreement for Officers, filed as Exhibit (10)-
             4 to Form SE filed on March 18, 1993 (the Agreements executed by
             the Company and various executive officers of the Company are
             identical in all respects to the form of Agreement filed as an
             Exhibit to Form SE except as to differences in the identity of
             the officers and the dates of execution, and as to other
             variations directly necessitated by said differences)

  *(10)-10   Change in Control Agreement for Non-officers, filed as Exhibit
             (10)-5 to Form SE filed on March 18, 1993 (the Agreements
             executed by the Company and various non-officer employees of the
             Company are identical in all respects to the form of Agreement
             filed as an Exhibit to Form SE except as to differences in the
             identity of the employees and the dates of execution, and as to
             other variations directly necessitated by said differences)

  *(10)-11   TRINOVA Corporation 1994 Stock Incentive Plan, filed as Appendix
             A to the proxy statement for the annual meeting to be held on
             April 21, 1994 (such Plan is subject to shareholder approval at
             such annual meeting)

<PAGE>
                                     -14-


  (99(i))-1  Revolving Credit Agreements, dated as of September 30, 1992,
             between TRINOVA Corporation and The Bank of Tokyo Trust Company,
             Chemical Bank, Citicorp U.S.A, Dresdner Bank AG, The First
             National Bank of Chicago, Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New
             York, J. P. Morgan Delaware, NBD Bank, N.A. and Union Bank of
             Switzerland, filed as Exhibit (4)-1 to Form SE filed on November
             6, 1992 (The Agreements executed by the Company and the various
             banks are identical in all respects to the form of Agreement
             filed as an Exhibit hereto except as to differences in the
             identity of the bank and the amount of the commitment [each as
             indicated in Exhibit A to the Agreement filed herewith] and
             other variations directly necessitated by said differences)


          The following exhibits are filed hereunder; and those exhibits
marked with an asterisk (*) (together with those so marked on page 13) are
management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements required to be
filed as exhibits pursuant to Item 14(c) of this report:

   (3)       Amended Articles of Incorporation (amended January 26, 1989)

  *(10)      TRINOVA Corporation 1989 Non-Employee Directors' Equity Plan

   (11)      Statement re:  Computation of Per Share Earnings

   (13)      Portions of the 1993 Annual Report to Security Holders (to the
             extent incorporated by reference hereunder)

   (21)      Subsidiaries of the Registrant

   (23)-1    Consent of Independent Auditors

   (23)-2    Consent of Independent Auditors

   (24)      Powers of Attorney

   (99(i))   TRINOVA Corporation Directors' Charitable Award Program


(b)  TRINOVA did not file any reports on Form 8-K during the fourth
     quarter of 1993.

(c)  The exhibits which are listed under Item 14(a)(3) are filed or
     incorporated by reference hereunder.

(d)  The financial statement schedules which are listed under Item 14(a)(2)
     are filed hereunder.


<PAGE>
                                     -15-

                                  SIGNATURES



          Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

TRINOVA CORPORATION (Registrant)


By:  /S/ DARRYL F. ALLEN               
Darryl F. Allen
Director, Chairman of the Board, 
President and Chief Executive Officer

Date:  March 18, 1994


          Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



/S/ DARRYL F. ALLEN                    
Darryl F. Allen                 3/18/94
Director, Chairman of the       (Date)
Board, President and Chief 
Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer)



/S/ DAVID M. RISLEY                    
David M. Risley                 3/18/94
Vice President - Finance        (Date)
and Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Financial Officer)



/S/ GREGORY R. PAPP                    
Gregory R. Papp                 3/18/94
Corporate Controller
(Principal Accounting Officer)



PURDY CRAWFORD*                        
Purdy Crawford*                 3/18/94
Director                        (Date)



<PAGE>
                                     -16-



DELMONT A. DAVIS*                      
Delmont A. Davis*               3/18/94
Director                        (Date)



DAVID R. GOODE*                        
David R. Goode*                 3/18/94
Director                        (Date)



PAUL A. ORMOND*                        
Paul A. Ormond*                 3/18/94
Director                        (Date)



JOHN P. REILLY*                        
John P. Reilly*                 3/18/94
Director                        (Date)



ROBERT H. SPILMAN*                     
Robert H. Spilman*              3/18/94
Director                        (Date)



WILLIAM R. TIMKEN, JR.*                
William R. Timken, Jr.*         3/18/94
Director                        (Date)






*By James E. Kline, Attorney-in-fact


/S/ JAMES E. KLINE                        
James E. Kline                     3/18/94
Vice President and General Counsel  (Date)


<PAGE>
                                                          -17-
<TABLE>
                                       SCHEDULE V - PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                   TRINOVA CORPORATION
<CAPTION>
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         COL. A                COL. B            COL. C             COL. D             COL. E            COL. F
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Balance at                                            Other Changes -
   CLASSIFICATION             Beginning         Additions                            Add (Deduct) -    Balance at
                              of Period          at Cost          Retirements         Describe        End of Period
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                     (In Thousands)
<S>                           <C>               <C>               <C>               <C>               <C>
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1993

 Land                         $ 16,920          $    240          $  1,174          $     80  -B      $ 15,712
                                                                                        (354) -C

 Land improvements               5,724                39               762               126  -B         5,017
                                                                                        (110) -C

 Buildings                     190,458             5,623            13,372             3,894  -B       182,054
                                                                                      (4,549) -C

 Machinery and equipment       582,977            47,611            42,283            16,819  -B       591,219
                                                                                     (13,905) -C
                              --------          --------          --------          --------          --------
                               796,079            53,513            57,591             2,001           794,002

 Construction in progress       30,677             1,615 -A             -                246  -B        32,098
                                                                                        (440) -C
                              --------          --------          --------          --------          --------
                              $826,756          $ 55,128          $ 57,591          $  1,807          $826,100
                              ========          ========          ========          ========          ========
<FN>
Note A - Represents net change in construction in progress
Note B - Aeroquip Inoac joint venture consolidated in 1993; previously 
         accounted for by the equity method
Note C - Currency translation adjustments
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

                                                          -18-
<TABLE>
                                       SCHEDULE V - PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                   TRINOVA CORPORATION

<CAPTION>
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         COL. A                COL. B            COL. C             COL. D             COL. E            COL. F
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Balance at                                            Other Changes -
   CLASSIFICATION             Beginning         Additions                            Add (Deduct) -    Balance at
                              of Period          at Cost          Retirements         Describe        End of Period
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                     (In Thousands)
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1992

<S>                           <C>               <C>               <C>               <C>               <C>
 Land                         $ 17,366          $     20          $     66          $   (400) -B      $ 16,920 

 Land improvements               5,597               181                 4               (50) -B         5,724

 Buildings                     185,156            10,885             1,280            (4,303) -B       190,458

 Machinery and equipment       566,414            59,494            29,222           (13,709) -B       582,977
                              --------          --------          --------          --------          --------
                               774,533            70,580            30,572           (18,462)          796,079

 Construction in progress       49,745           (18,302) -A            -               (310) -B        30,677
                                                                                        (456) -C
                              --------          --------          --------          --------          --------

                              $824,278          $ 52,278          $ 30,572          $(19,228)         $826,756
                              ========          ========          ========          ========          ========

<FN>

Note A - Represents net change in construction in progress
Note B - Currency translation adjustments
Note C - Reclassification

</TABLE>

<PAGE>
                                                          -19-
<TABLE>
                                       SCHEDULE V - PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                   TRINOVA CORPORATION

<CAPTION>
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         COL. A                COL. B            COL. C             COL. D             COL. E            COL. F
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Balance at                                            Other Changes -
   CLASSIFICATION             Beginning         Additions                            Add (Deduct) -    Balance at
                              of Period          at Cost          Retirements         Describe        End of Period
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                     (In Thousands)
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1991
<S>                           <C>               <C>               <C>               <C>               <C>
 Land                         $ 19,786          $    312          $  2,486          $   (246) -B      $ 17,366 

 Land improvements               5,606               208               151               (66) -B         5,597

 Buildings                     183,550            16,054            11,915            (2,533) -B       185,156

 Machinery and equipment       607,420            53,005            86,445            (7,566) -B       566,414
                              --------          --------          --------          --------          --------
                               816,362            69,579           100,997           (10,411)          774,533

 Construction in progress       33,527            16,787 -A             -               (569) -B        49,745
                              --------          --------          --------          --------          --------

                              $849,889          $ 86,366          $100,997          $(10,980)         $824,278
                              ========          ========          ========          ========          ========

<FN>

Note A - Represents net change in construction in progress
Note B - Currency translation adjustments

</TABLE>

<PAGE>
                                                          -20-
<TABLE>
                           SCHEDULE VI - ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION, DEPLETION AND AMORTIZATION
                                            OF PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                   TRINOVA CORPORATION

<CAPTION>
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         COL. A                 COL. B              COL. C          COL. D             COL. E             COL. F
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Balance at           Additions                        Other Changes -
   CLASSIFICATION             Beginning         Charged to Costs                     Add (Deduct) -     Balance at
                              of Period          and Expense      Retirements         Describe        End of Period
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                     (In Thousands)
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1993
<S>                           <C>               <C>               <C>               <C>               <C>
 Land improvements            $  2,969          $    197          $    748          $     35  -A      $  2,385
                                                                                         (68) -B

 Buildings                      66,947             7,338             4,386               626  -A        68,412
                                                                                      (2,113) -B

 Machinery and equipment       351,297            54,267            32,658             4,438  -A       368,484
                                                                                      (8,860) -B
                              --------          --------          --------          --------          --------
                              $421,213          $ 61,802          $ 37,792          $ (5,942)         $439,281
                              ========          ========          ========          ========          ========


<FN>

Note A - Aeroquip Inoac joint venture consolidated in 1993; previously 
         accounted for by the equity method
Note B - Currency translation adjustments

</TABLE>

<PAGE>

                                                          -21-
<TABLE>
                           SCHEDULE VI - ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION, DEPLETION AND AMORTIZATION
                                            OF PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                   TRINOVA CORPORATION

<CAPTION>
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         COL. A                 COL. B              COL. C          COL. D             COL. E             COL. F
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Balance at           Additions                        Other Changes -
   CLASSIFICATION             Beginning         Charged to Costs                     Add (Deduct) -     Balance at
                              of Period           and Expenses    Retirements         Describe        End of Period
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                     (In Thousands)
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1992
<S>                           <C>               <C>               <C>               <C>               <C>
 Land improvements            $  2,719          $    213          $      3          $     40  -A      $  2,969

 Buildings                      61,045             7,652               606            (1,144) -A        66,947

 Machinery and equipment       325,990            54,377            21,765            (7,305) -A       351,297
                              --------          --------          --------          --------          --------

                              $389,754          $ 62,242          $ 22,374          $ (8,409)         $421,213
                              ========          ========          ========          ========          ========

<FN>

Note A - Currency translation adjustments

</TABLE>

<PAGE>
                                                          -22-
<TABLE>
                           SCHEDULE VI - ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION, DEPLETION AND AMORTIZATION
                                            OF PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                   TRINOVA CORPORATION

<CAPTION>
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         COL. A                 COL. B              COL. C          COL. D             COL. E             COL. F
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Balance at           Additions                        Other Changes -
   CLASSIFICATION             Beginning         Charged to Costs                     Add (Deduct) -     Balance at
                              of Period           and Expenses    Retirements         Describe        End of Period
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                     (In Thousands)
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1991
<S>                           <C>               <C>               <C>               <C>               <C>
 Land improvements            $  2,481          $    263          $     68          $     43  -A      $  2,719

 Buildings                      58,499             7,392             4,532              (314) -A        61,045

 Machinery and equipment       321,704            54,324            45,994            (4,044) -A       325,990
                              --------          --------          --------          --------          --------

                              $382,684          $ 61,979          $ 50,594          $ (4,315)         $389,754
                              ========          ========          ========          ========          ========


<FN>

Note A - Currency translation adjustments

</TABLE>

<PAGE>
                                                          -23-
<TABLE>
                                    SCHEDULE VIII - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS

                                                   TRINOVA CORPORATION

<CAPTION>
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         COL. A                    COL. B                      COL. C                    COL. D             COL. E
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                  ADDITIONS            
                                       Balance at           (1)               (2)                            Balance   
   DESCRIPTION                         Beginning      Charged to Costs  Charged to Other   Deductions       at End of
                                       of Period        and Expenses    Accounts-Describe   Describe         Period
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                     (In Thousands)
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1993
<S>                                    <C>           <C>                <C>               <C>               <C>
 Deducted from asset accounts:
  Allowance for doubtful accounts      $ 13,705       $  3,318          $       -         $  3,486 -A       $ 13,537 

  Deferred tax valuation allowance       30,441          2,283                  -            2,762 -B         29,962





<FN>

Note A - Doubtful accounts charged off
Note B - Currency translation adjustments

</TABLE>

<PAGE>

                                                          -24-
<TABLE>
                                    SCHEDULE VIII - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS

                                                   TRINOVA CORPORATION

<CAPTION>
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         COL. A                    COL. B                      COL. C                    COL. D             COL. E
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                  ADDITIONS            
                                       Balance at           (1)               (2)                            Balance   
   DESCRIPTION                         Beginning      Charged to Costs  Charged to Other   Deductions       at End of
                                       of Period        and Expenses    Accounts-Describe   Describe         Period
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                     (In Thousands)
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1992
<S>                                    <C>            <C>               <C>               <C>               <C>
 Deducted from asset accounts:
  Allowance for doubtful accounts      $ 13,821       $  3,628          $      -          $  3,744 -A       $ 13,705


  Deferred tax valuation allowance       29,012 -B       3,048                 -             1,619 -C         30,441




<FN>

Note A - Doubtful accounts charged off
Note B - Valuation allowance recorded effective January 1, 1992 in accordance 
         with adoption of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109,
         "Accounting for Income Taxes"
Note C - Currency translation adjustments

</TABLE>

<PAGE>

                                                          -25-
<TABLE>
                                    SCHEDULE VIII - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS

                                                   TRINOVA CORPORATION

<CAPTION>
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         COL. A                    COL. B                      COL. C                    COL. D             COL. E
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                  ADDITIONS            
                                       Balance at           (1)               (2)                            Balance   
   DESCRIPTION                         Beginning      Charged to Costs  Charged to Other   Deductions       at End of
                                       of Period        and Expenses    Accounts-Describe   Describe         Period
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                     (In Thousands)
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1991
<S>                                    <C>            <C>               <C>               <C>               <C>
 Deducted from asset accounts:
  Allowance for doubtful accounts      $ 13,070       $  3,298          $      -          $  2,547 -A       $ 13,821









<FN>

Note A - Doubtful accounts charged off

</TABLE>


<PAGE>

                                                          -26-
<TABLE>
                                           SCHEDULE IX - SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS

                                                   TRINOVA CORPORATION
<CAPTION>
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         COL. A                     COL. B            COL. C            COL. D            COL. E            COL. F
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                    Maximum Amount    Average Amount   Weighted-Average
  CATEGORY OF AGGREGATE           Balance at     Weighted-Average     Outstanding       Outstanding      Interest Rate
  SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS          End of Period     Interest Rate     During Period     During Period     During Period
                                                                                          Note C            Note D
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                     (In Thousands)
<S>                                <C>            <C>                   <C>              <C>           <C>
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1993
 Notes payable to banks - Note A   $ 60,539               4.8%          $113,791         $ 84,049            5.0%
 Commercial paper - Note B                -                 -             35,629           17,921            3.7

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1992
 Notes payable to banks - Note A   $ 73,853               5.7%          $170,245         $ 92,545            7.1%
 Commercial paper - Note B           35,696               4.5             49,908           21,153            4.2

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1991       
 Notes payable to banks - Note A   $112,002               7.0%          $120,624         $ 95,409            7.6%
 Commercial paper - Note B           29,678               5.7             73,638           45,683            6.5

<FN>
Note A - Notes payable to banks represent borrowings maturing at various dates during the
         succeeding year and borrowings under multicurrency, revolving credit agreements
         with several U.S. and non-U.S. banks.  The agreements are maintained to support
         the Company's commercial paper borrowings and, to the extent not so utilized, to
         provide short-term U.S. borrowings.

Note B - Commercial paper matures generally in periods less than six months from date of
         issue with no provisions for the extension of its maturity.

Note C - The average amount outstanding was computed by dividing the sum of the monthly
         weighted-average principal balances outstanding by the number of months.

Note D - The weighted-average interest rate during the period was computed by dividing
         interest expense on short-term debt by average short-term debt outstanding.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
                                     -27-

            SCHEDULE X - SUPPLEMENTARY INCOME STATEMENT INFORMATION

                              TRINOVA CORPORATION


- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                  COL. A                           COL. B
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                  Item                  Charged to Costs and Expenses
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                (In Thousands)

                                               Year Ended December 31
                                       --------------------------------------
                                         1993           1992           1991
                                         ----           ----           ----

Maintenance and repairs                $ 34,162       $ 37,644       $ 40,869

Taxes, other than payroll and
  income taxes                          Note A         Note A          17,480




















Note A -  Amounts for depreciation and amortization of intangible assets;
          pre-operating cost and similar deferrals; taxes, other than payroll
          and income taxes; royalties; and advertising costs are not
          presented if such amounts are less than 1 percent of total sales
          and revenues.



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT INDEX
<TEXT>


                                     -28-

                                EXHIBIT INDEX

EXHIBIT                                                             PAGE(S)

(3)-1      Amended Code of Regulations (amended April 21,         Incorporated
           1988), filed as Exhibit (3) to Form SE filed           by Reference
           on March 18, 1993

(3)-2      Amended Articles of Incorporation (amended                31-44
           January 26, 1989), filed as Exhibit (3) to
           Form 10-K filed on March 18, 1994

(4)-1      First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 4,       Incorporated
           1992, between TRINOVA Corporation and NBD Bank,        by Reference
           N.A., with respect to the issuance of $75,000,000 
           aggregate principal amount of TRINOVA Corporation 
           7.95% Notes Due 1997, filed as Exhibit (4)-1 
           Form SE filed on May 6, 1992

(4)-2      7.95% Notes Due 1997, issued pursuant to the           Incorporated
           Indenture, dated as of January 28, 1988, between       by Reference
           TRINOVA Corporation and NBD Bank, N.A. (formerly 
           National Bank of Detroit), as supplemented by the 
           First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 4, 
           1992, between TRINOVA Corporation and NBD Bank, 
           N.A., filed as Exhibit (4)-2 to Form SE filed on 
           May 6, 1992

(4)-3      Officers' Certificate of TRINOVA Corporation,          Incorporated
           dated May 4, 1992, pursuant to Section 2.01 of         by Reference
           the Indenture, dated as of January 28, 1988, 
           between TRINOVA Corporation and NBD Bank, N.A. 
           (formerly National Bank of Detroit), as 
           supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture, 
           dated as of May 4, 1992, between TRINOVA 
           Corporation and NBD Bank, N.A., filed as Exhibit 
           (4)-3 to Form SE filed on May 6, 1992 

(4)-4      Rights Agreement, dated January 26, 1989, between      Incorporated
           TRINOVA Corporation and First Chicago Trust            by Reference
           Company of New York filed as Exhibit (2) to Form 
           8-A filed on January 27, 1989, as amended by the 
           First Amendment to Rights Agreement filed as 
           Exhibit (5) to Form 8 filed on July 1, 1992

(4)-5      Form of Share Certificate for Common Shares, $5        Incorporated
           par value, of TRINOVA Corporation, filed as            by Reference
           Exhibit (4)-2 to Form SE filed on July 1, 1992 

(4)-6      Fiscal Agency Agreement, dated as of October 26,       Incorporated
           1987, between TRINOVA Corporation, as Issuer,          by Reference
           and Bankers Trust Company, as Fiscal Agent, 
           with respect to $100,000,000 aggregate principal 
           amount of TRINOVA Corporation 6% Convertible 
           Subordinated Debentures Due 2002, filed as 
           Exhibit (4)-1 to Form SE filed on March 18, 1993

<PAGE>
                                     -29-


(4)-7      Indenture, dated as of January 28, 1988, between       Incorporated
           TRINOVA Corporation and NBD Bank, N.A.                 by Reference
           (formerly National Bank of Detroit), with respect 
           to the issuance of $50,000,000 aggregate principal 
           amount of TRINOVA Corporation 9.55% Senior Sinking 
           Fund Debentures Due 2018, and the issuance of 
           $75,000,000 aggregate principal amount of TRINOVA 
           Corporation 7.95% Notes Due 1997, filed as Exhibit 
           (4)-2 to Form SE filed on March 18, 1993

(10)-1     TRINOVA Corporation Plan for Optional Deferment        Incorporated
           of Directors' Fees (Restated January 25, 1990),        by Reference
           filed as Exhibit (10)-2 to Form SE filed on 
           March 20, 1990

(10)-2     TRINOVA Corporation Directors' Retirement Plan         Incorporated
           (Restated  January 1, 1990), filed as Exhibit          by Reference
           (10)-3 to Form SE filed on March 20, 1990

(10)-3     Aeroquip Corporation Incentive Compensation            Incorporated
           Plan, filed as Exhibit (10)-4 to Form SE filed         by Reference
           on March 20, 1990

(10)-4     Vickers, Incorporated Incentive Compensation           Incorporated
           Plan, filed as Exhibit (10)-5 to Form SE filed         by Reference
           on March 20, 1990

(10)-5     TRINOVA Corporation Supplemental Benefit Plan          Incorporated
           (Restated January 1, 1989), filed as Exhibit           by Reference
           (19)-1 to Form SE filed on November 6, 1992

(10)-6     TRINOVA Corporation 1982 Stock Option Plan,            Incorporated
           filed as Exhibit (10)-1 to Form SE filed on            by Reference
           March 18, 1993

(10)-7     TRINOVA Corporation 1984 Incentive Compensation        Incorporated
           Plan, filed as Exhibit (10)-2 to Form SE filed         by Reference
           on March 18, 1993

(10)-8     TRINOVA Corporation 1987 Stock Option Plan,            Incorporated
           filed as Exhibit (10)-3 to Form SE filed on            by Reference
           March 18, 1993

(10)-9     Change in Control Agreement for Officers,              Incorporated
           filed as Exhibit (10)-4 to Form SE filed on            by Reference
           March 18, 1993 (the Agreements executed by the 
           Company and various executive officers of the 
           Company are identical in all respects to the 
           form of Agreement filed as an Exhibit to Form SE 
           except as to differences in the identity of the 
           officers and the dates of execution, and as to 
           other variations directly necessitated by said 
           differences)



<PAGE>
                                     -30-


(10)-10    Change in Control Agreement for Non-officers,          Incorporated
           filed as Exhibit (10)-5 to Form SE filed on            by Reference
           March 18, 1993 (the Agreements executed by the 
           Company and various non-officer employees of 
           the Company are identical in all respects to 
           the form of Agreement filed as an Exhibit to 
           Form SE except as to differences in the identity 
           of the employees and the dates of execution, and 
           as to other variations directly necessitated by 
           said differences)

(10)-11    TRINOVA Corporation 1994 Stock Incentive Plan,         Incorporated
           filed as Appendix A to the proxy statement for         by Reference
           the annual meeting to be held on April 21, 1994
           (such Plan is subject to shareholder approval at
           such annual meeting)

(10)-12    TRINOVA Corporation 1989 Non-Employee Directors'          45-52
           Equity Plan

(11)       Statement re Computation of Per Share Earnings              53

(13)       Portions of the 1993 Annual Report to Security            54-93
           Holders (to the extent incorporated by reference
           hereunder)

(21)       Subsidiaries of the Registrant                              94

(23)-1     Consent of Independent Auditors                             95

(23)-2     Consent of Independent Auditors                             96

(24)       Powers of Attorney                                        97-103

(99(i))-1  Revolving Credit Agreements, dated as of               Incorporated
           September 30, 1992, between TRINOVA Corporation        by Reference
           and The Bank of Tokyo Trust Company, Chemical 
           Bank, Citicorp U.S.A, Dresdner Bank AG, The First 
           National Bank of Chicago, Morgan Guaranty Trust 
           Company of New York, J. P. Morgan Delaware, NBD 
           Bank, N.A. and Union Bank of Switzerland, filed 
           as Exhibit (4)-1 to Form SE filed on November 6, 
           1992 (The Agreements executed by the Company and 
           the various banks are identical in all respects 
           to the form of Agreement filed as an Exhibit 
           hereto except as to differences in the identity 
           of the bank and the amount of the commitment 
           [each as indicated in Exhibit A to the Agreement 
           filed herewith] and other variations directly 
           necessitated by said differences)

(99(i))-2  TRINOVA Corporation Directors' Charitable Award           104-106
           Program



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3
<TEXT>



                                     -31-


EXHIBIT (3)


                       AMENDED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
                          (AMENDED JANUARY 26, 1989)



    FIRST:  The name of the Corporation is TRINOVA Corporation.


    SECOND:  The principal office of the Corporation is located in the City of
Maumee, Lucas County, Ohio.


    THIRD:  The purposes of the Corporation are:

    (a)  To manufacture, develop, process, produce, fabricate, design, hold, 
         buy, sell, exchange, export, import, lease, transport, store, manage,
         and deal in and with, and patent, and receive and grant licenses with
         respect to the use, sale and manufacture of, machinery, equipment, 
         apparatus, devices, transportation, facilities, tools, chemicals, and
         goods, wares, merchandise, processes, patents, formulae, choses in 
         action and other tangible or intangible personal property of every 
         kind and description;

    (b)  To acquire, own, construct, rebuild, repair, use, lease, operate, 
         manage, sell, mine, quarry and otherwise dispose of and deal in and 
         with any real estate, natural resources, laboratories, buildings and 
         other structures, or any interests therein;

    (c)  To acquire, hold, guarantee, sell, assign, exchange and otherwise 
         dispose of or deal in and with shares of stock and other securities 
         of whatever nature issued by other corporations, governments, firms, 
         trusts or individuals;

    (d)  To carry on any one or more of the activities aforesaid on its own 
         behalf or for others, and to transact any and all business incidental
         to any of the foregoing purposes.

    The purposes of the Corporation may from time to time be changed by 
amendment of these Articles.


    FOURTH:  The number of shares which the Corporation is authorized to have 
outstanding is 104,000,000, consisting of 4,000,000 shares of Serial Preferred
Stock without par value (hereinafter called "Serial Preferred Stock") and 
100,000,000 Common Shares of the par value of $5 per share (hereinafter called
"Common Shares").



<PAGE>
                                     -32-


    The shares of such classes shall have the following express terms:

Paragraph 1.  Express Terms of the Serial Preferred Stock

    Section 1.  The Serial Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in 
one or more series.  All shares of Serial Preferred Stock shall be of equal 
rank and shall be identical, except in respect of the matters that may be 
fixed by the Board of Directors as hereinafter provided and each share of each
series shall be identical with all other shares of such series, except as to
the date from which dividends are cumulative.  Subject to the provisions of
Sections 2 to 8, both inclusive, of this Paragraph, which provisions shall
apply to all Serial Preferred Stock, the Board of Directors hereby is 
authorized to cause such shares to be issued in one or more series and with 
respect to each such series prior to the issuance thereof to fix:

    (a)  The designation of the series, which may be by distinguishing 
         number, letter or title.

    (b)  The number of shares of the series, which number the Board of 
         Directors may (except where otherwise provided in the creation of 
         the series) increase or decrease (but not below the number of 
         shares thereof then outstanding).

    (c)  The annual dividend rate of the series.

    (d)  The dates at which dividends, if declared, shall be payable, and 
         the dates from which dividends shall be cumulative.

    (e)  The redemption rights and price or prices, if any, for shares of 
         the series.

    (f)  The terms and amount of any sinking fund provided for the purchase 
         or redemption of shares of the series.

    (g)  The amounts payable on shares of the series in the event of any 
         voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of 
         the affairs of the Corporation.

    (h)  Whether the shares of the series shall be convertible into Common 
         Shares and, if so, the conversion rate or rates, any adjustments 
         thereof, and all other terms and conditions upon which such 
         conversion may be made.

    (i)  Restrictions (in addition to those set forth in Section 6(b) and 
         6(c) of this Paragraph) on the issuance of shares of the same 
         series or of any other class or series.

         The Board of Directors is authorized to adopt, from time to time, 
amendments to the Articles of Incorporation fixing, with respect to each such 
series, the matters described in clauses (a) to (i), both inclusive, of this 
Section 1.



<PAGE>
                                     -33-


    Section 2.  The holders of Serial Preferred Stock of each series, in 
preference to the holders of Common Shares and of any other class of shares 
ranking junior to the Serial Preferred Stock, shall be entitled to receive out
of any funds legally available and when and as declared by the Board of 
Directors dividends in cash at the rate for such series fixed in accordance 
with the provisions of Section 1 of this Paragraph and no more, payable 
quarterly on the dates fixed for such series.  Such dividends shall be 
cumulative, in the case of shares of each particular series, from and after 
the date or dates fixed with respect to such series.  No dividends may be paid
upon or declared or set apart for any of the Serial Preferred Stock for any 
quarterly dividend period unless at the same time a like proportionate 
dividend for the same quarterly dividend period, ratably in proportion to the 
respective annual dividend rates fixed therefor, shall be paid upon or 
declared or set apart for all Serial Preferred Stock of all series then issued
and outstanding and entitled to receive such dividend.


    Section 3.  In no event so long as any Serial Preferred Stock shall be 
outstanding shall any dividend, except a dividend payable in Common Shares or 
other shares ranking junior to the Serial Preferred Stock, be paid or declared
or any distribution be made except as aforesaid on the Common Shares or any 
other shares ranking junior to the Serial Preferred Stock, nor shall any 
Common Shares or any other shares ranking junior to the Serial Preferred Stock
be purchased, retired or otherwise acquired by the Corporation:

    (a)  Unless all accrued and unpaid dividends on Serial Preferred Stock, 
         including the full dividends for the current quarterly dividend 
         period, shall have been declared and paid or a sum sufficient for 
         payment thereof set apart; and

    (b)  Unless there shall be no arrearages with respect to the redemption 
         of Serial Preferred Stock of any series from any sinking fund 
         provided for shares of such series in accordance with the provisions 
         of Section 1 of this Paragraph.


    Section 4.  (a)  Subject to the express terms of each series and to the 
provisions of Section 6(b)(iii) of this Paragraph 1, the Corporation may from 
time to time redeem all or any part of the Serial Preferred Stock of any 
series at the time outstanding (i) at the option of the Board of Directors at 
the applicable redemption price for such series fixed in accordance with the 
provisions of Section 1 of this Paragraph, or (ii) in fulfillment of the 
requirements of any sinking fund provided for shares of such series at the 
applicable sinking fund redemption price, fixed in accordance with the 
provisions of Section 1 of this Paragraph, together in each case with accrued 
and unpaid dividends to the redemption date.

    (b)  Notice of every such redemption shall be mailed, postage prepaid, to 
the holders of record of the Serial Preferred Stock to be redeemed at their 
respective addresses then appearing on the books of the Corporation, not less 
than thirty (30) days nor more than sixty (60) days prior to the date fixed 
for such redemption.  At any time before or after notice has been given as 



<PAGE>
                                     -34-


above provided, the Corporation may deposit the aggregate redemption price of 
the shares of Serial Preferred Stock to be redeemed with any bank or trust 
company in Toledo, Ohio, or New York, New York, having capital and surplus of 
more than Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000), named in such notice, directed to
be paid to the respective holders of the shares of Serial Preferred Stock so 
to be redeemed, in amounts equal to the redemption price of all shares of 
Serial Preferred Stock so to be redeemed, on surrender of the stock
certificate or certificates held by such holders, and upon the making of such 
deposit such holders shall cease to be shareholders with respect to such 
shares, and after such notice shall have been given and such deposit shall 
have been made such holders shall have no interest in or claim against the 
Corporation with respect to such shares except only to receive such money from
such bank or trust company without interest or the right to exercise, before 
the redemption date, any unexpired privileges of conversion.  In case less 
than all of the outstanding shares of Serial Preferred Stock are to be 
redeemed, the Corporation shall select by lot the shares so to be redeemed in 
such manner as shall be prescribed by its Board of Directors.

    If the holders of shares of Serial Preferred Stock which shall have been 
called for redemption shall not, within ten years after such deposit, claim 
the amount deposited for the redemption thereof, any such bank or trust 
company shall, upon demand, pay over to the Corporation such unclaimed amounts
and thereupon such bank or trust company and the Corporation shall be relieved
of all responsibility in respect thereof and to such holders.

    (c)  Any shares of Serial Preferred Stock which are redeemed by the 
Corporation pursuant to the provisions of this Section 4 and any shares of 
Serial Preferred Stock which are purchased and delivered in satisfaction of 
any sinking fund requirements provided for shares of such series and any 
shares of Serial Preferred Stock which are converted in accordance with the 
express terms thereof shall be cancelled and not reissued.  Any shares of 
Serial Preferred Stock otherwise acquired by the Corporation shall resume the 
status of authorized and unissued shares of Serial Preferred Stock without 
serial designation.


    Section 5.  (a)  The holders of Serial Preferred Stock of any series 
shall, in case of liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the
Corporation, be entitled to receive in full out of the assets of the 
Corporation, including its capital, before any amount shall be paid or 
distributed among the holders of the Common Shares or any other shares ranking
junior to the Serial Preferred Stock, the amounts fixed with respect to shares
of such series in accordance with Section 1 of this Paragraph, plus in either 
event an amount equal to all dividends accrued and unpaid thereon to the date 
of payment of the amount due pursuant to such liquidation, dissolution or 
winding up of the affairs of the Corporation.  In case the net assets of the 
Corporation legally available therefor are insufficient to permit the payment 
upon all outstanding shares of Serial Preferred Stock of the full preferential

amount to which they are respectively entitled, then such net assets shall be 
distributed ratably upon outstanding shares of Serial Preferred Stock in 
proportion to the full preferential amount to which each such share is 
entitled.



<PAGE>
                                     -35-

    After payment to holders of Serial Preferred Stock of the full 
preferential amounts as aforesaid, holders of Serial Preferred Stock as such 
shall have no right or claim to any of the remaining assets of the 
Corporation.

    (b)  The merger or consolidation of the Corporation into or with any other
corporation, or the merger of any other corporation into it, or the sale, 
lease or conveyance of all or substantially all the property or business of 
the Corporation, shall not be deemed to be a dissolution, liquidation or 
winding up, voluntary or involuntary, for the purposes of this Section 5.

    Section 6.  (a)  The holders of Serial Preferred Stock shall be entitled 
to one vote for each share of such stock upon all matters presented to the 
shareholders; and, except as otherwise provided herein or required by law, the
holders of Serial Preferred Stock and the holders of Common Shares shall vote 
together as one class on all matters.

    If, and so often as, the Corporation shall be in default in the payment of
six (6) full quarterly dividends (whether or not consecutive) on any series of
Serial Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, whether or not earned or 
declared, the holders of Serial Preferred Stock of all series, voting 
separately as a class and in addition to all other rights to vote for 
Directors, shall be entitled to elect, as herein provided, two (2) members of 
the Board of Directors of the Corporation; provided, however, that the holders
of shares of Serial Preferred Stock shall not have or exercise such special 
class voting rights except at meetings of the shareholders for the election of
Directors at which the holders of not less than thirty-five per cent (35%) of 
the outstanding shares of Serial Preferred Stock of all series then 
outstanding are present in person or by proxy; and provided further that the 
special class voting rights provided for herein when the same shall have 
become vested shall remain so vested until all accrued and unpaid dividends on
the Serial Preferred Stock of all series then outstanding shall have been 
paid, whereupon the holders of Serial Preferred Stock shall be divested of 
their special class voting rights in respect of subsequent elections of 
Directors, subject to the revesting of such special class voting rights in the
event hereinabove specified in this paragraph.

    In the event of default entitling the holders of Serial Preferred Stock to
elect two (2) Directors as above specified, a special meeting of the 
shareholders for the purpose of electing such Directors shall be called by the
Secretary of the Corporation upon written request of, or may be called by, the
holders of record of at least ten per cent (10%) of the shares of Serial 
Preferred Stock of all series at the time outstanding, and notice thereof 
shall be given in the same manner as that required for the annual meeting of 
shareholders; provided, however, that the Corporation shall not be required to
call such special meeting if the annual meeting of shareholders shall be held 
within ninety (90) days after the date of receipt of the foregoing written 
request from the holders of Serial Preferred Stock.  At any meeting at which 
the holders of Serial Preferred Stock shall be entitled to elect Directors, 
the holders of thirty-five per cent (35%) of the then outstanding shares of 
Serial Preferred Stock of all series, present in person or by proxy, shall be 
sufficient to constitute a quorum, and the vote of the holders of a majority 
of such shares so present at any such meeting at which there shall be such a 
quorum shall be sufficient to elect the members of the Board of Directors 
which the holders of Serial Preferred Stock are entitled to elect as 
hereinabove provided.

<PAGE>
                                     -36-


    (b)  The affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the 
shares of Serial Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, given in person or 
by proxy at a meeting called for the purpose at which the holders of Serial 
Preferred Stock shall vote separately as a class, shall be necessary to effect
any one or more of the following (but so far as the holders of Serial 
Preferred Stock are concerned, such action may be effected with such vote):

         (i)  Any amendment, alteration or repeal of any of the provisions of 
    the Articles of Incorporation or of the Regulations of the Corporation 
    which affects adversely the voting powers, rights or preferences of the 
    holders of Serial Preferred Stock; provided, however, that, for the 
    purpose of this clause (i) only, neither the amendment of the Articles of 
    Incorporation so as to authorize or create, or to increase the authorized 
    or outstanding amount of, Serial Preferred Stock or of any shares of any 
    class ranking on a parity with or junior to the Serial Preferred Stock, 
    nor the amendment of the provisions of the Regulations so as to increase 
    the number of Directors of the Corporation shall be deemed to affect 
    adversely the voting powers, rights or preferences of the holders of 
    Serial Preferred Stock; and provided further, that if such amendment, 
    alteration or repeal affects adversely the rights or preferences of one 
    or more but not all series of Serial Preferred Stock at the time 
    outstanding, only the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 
    two-thirds of the number of the shares at the time outstanding of the 
    series so affected shall be required;

         (ii)  The authorization or creation of, or the increase in the 
    authorized amount of, any shares of any class, or any security 
    convertible into shares of any class, ranking prior to the Serial 
    Preferred Stock; or

         (iii)  The purchase or redemption (for sinking fund purposes or 
    otherwise) of less than all of the Serial Preferred Stock then 
    outstanding except in accordance with a stock purchase offer made to all 
    holders of record of Serial Preferred Stock, unless all dividends upon 
    all Serial Preferred Stock then outstanding for all previous quarterly 
    dividend periods shall have been declared and paid or funds therefor set 
    apart and all accrued sinking fund obligations applicable thereto shall 
    have been complied with.

    (c)  The affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the 
shares of Serial Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, given in person or 
by proxy at a meeting called for the purpose at which the holders of Serial 
Preferred Stock shall vote separately as a class, shall be necessary to effect
any one or more of the following (but so far as the holders of Serial 
Preferred Stock are concerned, such action may be effected with such vote):

         (i)  The sale, lease or conveyance by the Corporation of all or 
    substantially all of its property or business, or its consolidation with 
    or merger into any other corporation unless the corporation resulting 
    from such consolidation or merger will have after such consolidation or 
    merger no class of shares either authorized or outstanding ranking prior 
    to or on a parity with the Serial Preferred Stock except the same number 
    


<PAGE>
                                     -37-



    of shares ranking prior to or on a parity with the Serial Preferred Stock 
    and having the same rights and preferences as the shares of the 
    Corporation authorized and outstanding immediately preceding such 
    consolidation or merger, and each holder of Serial Preferred Stock 
    immediately preceding such consolidation or merger shall receive the same 
    number of shares, with the same rights and preferences, of the resulting 
    corporation; or

         (ii)  The authorization of any shares ranking on a parity with the 
    Serial Preferred Stock or an increase in the authorized number of shares 
    of Serial Preferred Stock.


    Section 7.  The holders of Serial Preferred Stock shall have no pre- 
emptive right to purchase or have offered to them for purchase any shares or 
other securities of the Corporation, whether now or hereafter authorized.


    Section 8.  For the purpose of this Paragraph 1:

    Whenever reference is made to shares "ranking prior to the Serial 
Preferred Stock" or "on a parity with the Serial Preferred Stock," such 
reference shall mean and include all shares of the Corporation in respect of 
which the rights of the holders thereof as to the payment of dividends or as 
to distributions in the event of a voluntary or involuntary liquidation, 
dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation are given 
preference over, or rank on an equality with (as the case may be) the rights 
of the holders of Serial Preferred Stock; and whenever reference is made to 
shares "ranking junior to the Serial Preferred Stock," such reference shall 
mean and include all shares of the Corporation in respect of which the rights 
of the holders thereof as to the payment of dividends and as to distributions 
in the event of a voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding
up of the affairs of the Corporation are junior and subordinate to the rights 
of the holders of Serial Preferred Stock.


Paragraph 1(a).  Express Terms of the $4.75 Cumulative Convertible
Preferred Stock, Series A.

    There is hereby established a first series of Serial Preferred Stock to 
which the following provisions shall be applicable:


    Section 1.  Designation of Series.  The series shall be designated "$4.75 
Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A" (hereinafter called "Series 
A Preferred Stock").


    Section 2.  Number of Shares.  The number of shares of Series A Preferred 
Stock is 1,357,100, which number the Board of Directors may increase or 
decrease (but not below the number of shares of the series then outstanding).



<PAGE>
                                     -38-



    Section 3.  Dividend Rate.  The dividend rate for Series A Preferred Stock
is $4.75 per share per annum.


    Section 4.  Dividend Payment Dates; Cumulation Dates.  The dates at which 
dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock shall be payable are March 10, 
June 10, September 10 and December 10 of each year.  Dividends on Series A 
Preferred Stock shall be cumulative from and after the date of issuance 
thereof.


    Section 5.  Redemption Prices.  The Series A Preferred Stock shall not be 
redeemable by the Corporation prior to January 1, 1974.  Thereafter the 
redemption prices for the Series A Preferred Stock shall be as follows:


         If the Redemption
         Date Is During the
          12-Month Period                             Redemption
         Beginning January 1                            Price   

              1974                                     $104.75
              1975                                      103.75
              1976                                      102.75
              1977                                      101.75
              1978                                      100.75
              Thereafter                                100.00


    Section 6.  Liquidation Rights.  The amount payable on Series A Preferred 
Stock in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the affairs of the Corporation shall be an amount equal to 
$100.00 per share.


    Section 7.  Conversion Rights.  (a)  Subject to the provisions for 
adjustment hereinafter set forth, shares of the Series A Preferred Stock shall
be convertible at any time at the option of the holder thereof, upon surrender
to any transfer agent for such series of the certificate or certificates 
evidencing the shares so to be converted, into fully paid and non-assessable 
Common Shares of the Corporation at the initial rate of one and one-half 
(1-1/2) Common Shares for each share of the Series A Preferred Stock so 
surrendered for conversion.  The right to convert shares of the Series A 
Preferred Stock shall terminate with respect to shares called for redemption 
on the third business day prior to the date fixed for redemption.  Upon 
conversion, no payment or adjustment shall be made for dividends on the shares
of the Series A Preferred Stock so converted.

    (b)  The number of Common Shares and the number of shares of other 
classes of the Corporation, if any, into which each share of the Series A 
Preferred Stock is convertible shall be subject to adjustment from time to 
time only as follows:



<PAGE>
                                     -39-


         (i)  In case the Corporation shall (A) establish a record date for 
    the determination of the holders of its Common Shares who are entitled to 
    receive a dividend declared payable in Common Shares of the Corporation, 
    (B) subdivide its Common Shares, (C) combine its outstanding Common 
    Shares into a smaller number of shares or (D) issue by reclassification 
    of its Common Shares any shares of the Corporation, the holder of each 
    share of the Series A Preferred Stock shall thereafter be entitled to 
    receive upon the conversion of such share the number of shares of the 
    Corporation which he would have owned or have been entitled to receive 
    after the happening of any of the events described above had such share 
    of the Series A Preferred Stock been converted immediately prior to the 
    happening of such event, such adjustment to become effective immediately 
    after the opening of business on the day following such record date or 
    the day upon which such subdivision, combination or reclassification 
    becomes effective.

         (ii)  In case of any consolidation or merger of the Corporation with 
    or into another corporation, or in case of any sale or conveyance to 
    another corporation of all or substantially all the property of the 
    Corporation, the holder of each share of the Series A Preferred Stock 
    then outstanding shall have the right thereafter, so long as his 
    conversion right hereunder shall exist, to convert such share into the 
    kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property 
    receivable upon such consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance by a 
    holder of the number of Common Shares of the Corporation into which such 
    share might have been converted immediately prior to such consolidation, 
    merger, sale or conveyance, and shall have no other conversion rights 
    under these provisions; in any such event, effective provision shall be 
    made, in the articles or certificate of incorporation of the resulting or 
    surviving corporation or otherwise, so that the provisions set forth 
    herein for the protection of the conversion rights of the shares of the 
    Series A Preferred Stock shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly as 
    reasonably may be, to any such other shares of stock, other securities or 
    property deliverable upon conversion of the shares of the Series A 
    Preferred Stock remaining outstanding, and any such resulting or 
    surviving corporation shall expressly assume the obligation to deliver, 
    upon the exercise of the conversion privilege, such shares, securities or 
    property as the holders of the shares of the Series A Preferred Stock 
    remaining outstanding shall be entitled to receive pursuant to the 
    provisions hereof, and to make provision for the protection of the 
    conversion right as above provided.

         (iii)  No fractional Common Share shall be issued upon any conversion 
    but, in lieu thereof, there shall be paid to the holder of the shares of 
    the Series A Preferred Stock surrendered for conversion as soon as 
    practicable after the date such shares are surrendered for conversion an 
    amount in cash equal to the same fraction of the market value of a full 
    Common Share, unless the Board of Directors of the Corporation shall 
    determine to adjust fractional shares by the issue of fractional scrip 
    certificates or in some other manner.  For such purpose, the market value 
    of a Common Share shall be the last sales price of 100 shares or more on 
    the day immediately preceding the date upon which such shares are 
    surrendered for conversion, or, in case no such sale takes place on such 
    day, the average of the closing bid and asked prices on such day, in 
    either case as officially quoted by the New York Stock Exchange.

<PAGE>
                                     -40-


         (iv)  No adjustment in the number of Common Shares into which each 
    share of the Series A Preferred Stock is convertible shall be required 
    unless such adjustment would require an increase or decrease of at least 
    1/100th of a share in the number of Common Shares into which such share 
    is then convertible; provided, however, that any adjustments which by 
    reason of this clause (iv) are not required to be made shall be carried 
    forward and taken into account in any subsequent adjustment.

         (v)  Whenever any adjustment is required in the Common Shares into 
    which each share of the Series A Preferred Stock is convertible, the 
    Corporation shall forthwith (A) file with the transfer agent or transfer 
    agents for the shares of the Series A Preferred Stock a statement 
    describing in reasonable detail the adjustment and the method of 
    calculation used and (B) shall instruct the said transfer agent or agents 
    to exhibit the same from time to time to any holder of Series A Preferred 
    Stock desiring an inspection thereof.

    (c)  The Corporation shall at all times reserve and keep available out of 
its authorized but unissued Common Shares the full number of shares into which
all shares of the Series A Preferred Stock from time to time outstanding are 
convertible, but Common Shares held in the treasury of the Corporation may be 
delivered upon any conversion of shares of the Series A Preferred Stock in the
Corporation's discretion.

    (d)  The Corporation will pay any and all issue and other taxes that may 
be payable in respect of any issue or delivery of Common Shares on conversion 
of shares of the Series A Preferred Stock pursuant hereto.  The Corporation 
shall not, however, be required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect
of any transfer involved in the issue and delivery of shares in a name other 
than that in which the shares of the Series A Preferred Stock so converted 
were registered and no such issue or delivery shall be made unless and until 
the person requesting such issue has paid to the Corporation the amount of any
such tax or has established, to the satisfaction of the Corporation, that such
tax has been paid.

    (e)  In the event the Corporation shall offer securities of the 
Corporation or of any other corporation to the holders of its Common Shares, 
the Corporation shall make the same offer to the holders of shares of the 
Series A Preferred Stock, giving to each such holder the right to purchase at 
the offer price the amount of such securities which such holder would have 
been entitled to purchase had he converted each share of the Series A 
Preferred Stock held by him immediately prior to the taking of a record of the
holders of Common Shares for the purpose of entitling them to receive such 
offer, such offer to the holders of shares of the Series A Preferred Stock to 
be made to those holders who are such of record on the books of the 
Corporation on the same date as is used for the taking of a record of the 
holders of Common Shares for such offer.

    (f)  Upon conversion of Series A Preferred Stock, the stated capital of 
the Common Shares issued upon such conversion shall be the aggregate par value
thereof, and the stated capital of the Corporation shall be correspondingly 
increased or reduced to reflect the difference between the stated capital of 
the Series A Preferred Stock so converted and the stated capital of the Common
Shares issued upon conversion.


<PAGE>
                                     -41-


Paragraph 1(b).  Express Terms of the Cumulative Redeemable
Preferred Stock.

         There is hereby established a series of Serial Preferred Stock to 
which the following provisions shall be applicable:


    Section 1.  Designation of Series.  The series shall be designated 
"Cumulative Redeemable Serial Preferred Stock" (hereinafter sometimes called 
this "Series" or the "Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares").


    Section 2.  Number of Shares.  The number of shares of this Series shall 
be 1,000,000.


    Section 3.  Dividends.  (a) The holders of record of Cumulative Redeemable
Preferred Shares shall be entitled to receive, when and as declared by the 
Board of Directors in accordance with the terms hereof, out of funds legally 
available for the purpose, cumulative quarterly dividends payable in cash on 
the first day of January, April, July and October in each year (each such date
being referred to herein as a "Quarterly Dividend Payment Date"), commencing 
on the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date after the first issuance of a 
Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Share or fraction of a Cumulative Redeemable 
Preferred Share in an amount per share (rounded to the nearest cent) equal to 
the lesser of (i) $500 per share or (ii) subject to the provision for 
adjustment hereinafter set forth, 100 times the aggregate per share amount of 
all cash dividends, and 100 times the aggregate per share amount (payable in 
cash) of all non-cash dividends or other distributions (other than a dividend 
payable in Common Shares, or a subdivision of the outstanding Common Shares 
(by reclassification or otherwise)), declared on the Common Shares since the 
immediately preceding Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, or, with respect to the
first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, since the first issuance of any 
Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Share or fraction of a Cumulative Redeemable 
Preferred Share.  In the event the Corporation shall at any time declare or 
pay any dividend on the Common Shares payable in Common Shares, or effect a 
subdivision or combination or consolidation of the outstanding Common Shares 
(by reclassification or otherwise than by payment of a dividend in Common 
Shares) into a greater or lesser number of Common Shares, then in each such 
case the amount to which holders of Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares 
were entitled immediately prior to such event under clause (ii) of the 
preceding sentence shall be adjusted by multiplying such amount by a fraction 
the numerator of which is the number of Common Shares outstanding immediately 
after such event and the denominator of which is the number of Common Shares 
that were outstanding immediately prior to such event.

    (b)  Dividends shall begin to accrue and be cumulative on outstanding 
Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares from the Quarterly Dividend Payment 
Date next preceding the date of issue of such Cumulative Redeemable Preferred 
Shares, unless the date of issue of such shares is prior to the record date 
for the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, in which case dividends on such
shares shall begin to accrue from the date of issue of such shares, or unless 
the date of issue is a Quarterly Dividend Payment Date or is a date after the 



<PAGE>
                                     -42-


record date for the determination of holders of shares of Cumulative 
Redeemable Preferred Shares entitled to receive a quarterly dividend and 
before such Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, in either of which events such 
dividends shall begin to accrue and be cumulative from such Quarterly Dividend
Payment Date.  Accrued but unpaid dividends shall not bear interest.  No 
dividends shall be paid upon or declared and set apart for any Cumulative 
Redeemable Preferred Shares for any dividend period unless at the same time a 
dividend for the same dividend period, ratably in proportion to the respective
annual dividend rates fixed therefor, shall be paid upon or declared and set 
apart for all Serial Preferred Stock of all series then outstanding and 
entitled to receive such dividend.  The Board of Directors may fix a record 
date for the determination of holders of Cumulative Redeemable Preferred 
Shares entitled to receive payment of a dividend or distribution declared 
thereon, which record date shall be no more than 40 days prior to the date 
fixed for the payment thereof.


    Section 4.  Redemptions.  Subject to the provisions of Section 6(b)(iii) 
of Paragraph 1 and in accordance with Section 4 of Paragraph 1, the Cumulative
Redeemable Preferred Shares shall be redeemable from time to time at the 
option of the Board of Directors of the Corporation, as a whole or in part, at
any time at a redemption price per share equal to one hundred times the then 
applicable Purchase Price as defined in that certain Rights Agreement, dated 
as of January 26, 1989 between the Corporation and National Bank of Detroit 
(the "Rights Agreement"), as the same may be from time to time amended in 
accordance with its terms, which Purchase Price is $125 as of January 26, 
1989, subject to adjustment from time to time as provided in the Rights 
Agreement.  Copies of the Rights Agreement are available from the Corporation 
upon request.  In case less than all of the outstanding Cumulative Redeemable 
Preferred Shares are to be redeemed, the Corporation shall select by lot the 
shares so to be redeemed in such manner as shall be prescribed by its Board of
Directors.


    Section 5.  Liquidations.  (a) In the event of any voluntary or 
involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the 
Corporation (hereinafter referred to as a "Liquidation"), no distribution 
shall be made to the holders of shares of stock ranking junior (either as to 
dividends or upon Liquidation) to the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, 
unless, prior thereto, the holders of Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares 
shall have received at least an amount per share equal to one hundred times 
the then applicable Purchase Price as defined in the Rights Agreement, as the 
same may be from time to time amended in accordance with its terms (which 
Purchase Price is $125 as of January 26, 1989), subject to adjustment from 
time to time as provided in the Rights Agreement, plus an amount equal to 
accrued and unpaid dividends and distributions thereon, whether or not earned 
or declared, to the date of such payment, provided that the holders of shares 
of Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares shall be entitled to receive at 
least an aggregate amount per share, subject to the provision for adjustment 
hereinafter set forth, equal to 100 times the aggregate amount to be 
distributed per share to holders of Common Shares (the "Cumulative Redeemable 
Preferred Shares Liquidation Preference").



<PAGE>
                                     -43-


    (b)  In the event, however, that the net assets of the Corporation are not
sufficient to pay in full the amount of the Cumulative Redeemable Preferred 
Shares Liquidation Preference and the liquidation preferences of all other 
series of Serial Preferred Stock, if any, which rank on a parity with the 
Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares as to distribution of assets in 
Liquidation, all shares of this Series and of such other series of Serial 
Preferred Stock shall share ratably in the distribution of assets (or proceeds
thereof) in Liquidation in proportion to the full amounts to which they are 
respectively entitled.

    (c)  In the event the Corporation shall at any time declare or pay any 
dividend on the Common Shares payable in Common Shares, or effect a 
subdivision or combination or consolidation of the outstanding Common Shares 
(by reclassification or otherwise than by payment of a dividend in Common 
Shares) into a greater or lesser number of Common Shares, then in each such 
case the amount to which holders of Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares 
were entitled immediately prior to such event pursuant to the proviso set 
forth in paragraph (a) above, shall be adjusted by multiplying such amount by 
a fraction the numerator of which is the number of Common Shares outstanding 
immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the number of 
Common Shares that were outstanding immediately prior to such event.

    (d)  The merger or consolidation of the Corporation into or with any other
corporation, or the merger of any other corporation into it, or the sale, 
lease or conveyance of all or substantially all the property or business of 
the Corporation, shall not be deemed to be a Liquidation for the purposes of 
this Section 5.


    Section 6.  Conversions.  The Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares shall
not be convertible into Common Shares.


Paragraph 2.  Express Terms of the Common Shares

    The Common Shares shall be subject to the express terms of the Serial 
Preferred Stock and any series thereof.  Each Common Share shall be equal to 
every other Common Shares.  The holders of Common Shares shall be entitled to 
one vote for each share upon all matters presented to the shareholders.  The 
holders of Common Shares shall have no pre-emptive rights to purchase or have 
offered to them for purchase any Common Shares which the Corporation may from 
time to time issue and offer for sale for any purpose, and any such rights 
heretofore existing are hereby terminated.

    FIFTH:  The Corporation by action of its Board of Directors may purchase 
any issued shares of the Corporation to the extent not prohibited by law.

    SIXTH:  Notwithstanding any provision of the Revised Code, as now or 
hereafter in force, requiring for any purpose the vote, consent, waiver, or 
release of the holders of a designated proportion (but less than all) of the 
shares of the Corporation, such vote, consent, waiver, or release, unless 
otherwise expressly provided by law, may be made or taken by the vote of the 
holders of shares entitling them to exercise a majority of the voting power of
the Corporation.


<PAGE>
                                     -44-


    SEVENTH:  These Amended Articles of Incorporation supersede and take the 
place of the existing Articles.



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10
<TEXT>


                                     -45-



EXHIBIT (10)


                              TRINOVA CORPORATION
                   1989 NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS' EQUITY PLAN


1.     General Purpose of the Plan.  The purpose of the TRINOVA Corporation
       1989 Non-Employee Directors' Equity Plan is to promote the interests
       of TRINOVA Corporation and its shareholders by (i) attracting,
       retaining and motivating top caliber Directors; (ii) strengthening the
       mutuality of interest between Directors and the Company's
       shareholders; and (iii) enabling Directors to participate in the
       long-term success of the business.

2.     Definitions.  For purposes of the Plan, the following terms shall have
       the defined meanings as set forth below:

       2.1   "Award" means an award of Common Shares that (i) is subject to
             restrictions under Section 6 below, (ii) consists of such number
             of Common Shares as have an aggregate Fair Market Value,
             determined without regard to any restrictions, on date of grant
             of $25,000 rounded upward to the nearest 10 shares, and (iii) is
             made without any cash payment therefore.

       2.2   A "Beneficial Owner" of Voting Shares is any Person who would be
             deemed to beneficially own such Voting Shares within the meaning
             of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of
             1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), or any successor rules or
             regulations thereto.

       2.3   "Board" means the Board of Directors of the Company.

       2.4   A "Change in Control" shall have occurred if any of the
             following events occur:

             (i)    The Company is merged, consolidated or reorganized into
                    or with another corporation or other legal person, and as
                    a result of such merger, consolidation or reorganization
                    less than a majority of the combined voting power of the
                    then-outstanding securities of such corporation or person
                    immediately after such transaction are held in the
                    aggregate by the holders of Voting Shares immediately
                    prior to such transaction;

             (ii)   If the Company sells all or substantially all of its
                    assets to any other corporation or other legal person,
                    less than a majority of the combined voting power of the
                    then-outstanding securities of such corporation or person
                    immediately after such transaction are held in the
                    aggregate by the holders of Voting Shares immediately
                    prior to such sale;


<PAGE>
                                     -46-



             (iii)  There is a report filed on Schedule 13D or Schedule 14D-1
                    (or any successor schedule, form or report), each as
                    promulgated pursuant to the Exchange Act, disclosing that
                    any Person has become the Beneficial Owner of 20% or more
                    of the Voting Shares;

             (iv)   The Company files a report or proxy statement with the
                    Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the
                    Exchange Act disclosing in response to Form 8-K or
                    Schedule 14A (or any successor schedule, form or report
                    or item therein) that a change in control of the Company
                    has or may have occurred or will or may occur in the
                    future pursuant to any then-existing contract or
                    transaction; or

             (v)    If during any period of two consecutive years,
                    individuals who at the beginning of any such period
                    constitute the Directors of the Company cease for any
                    reason to constitute at least a majority thereof, unless
                    the election, or the nomination for election by the
                    Company's shareholders, of each Director of the Company
                    first elected during such period was approved by a vote
                    of at least two-thirds of the Directors of the Company
                    then still in office who were Directors of the Company at
                    the beginning of any such period.

             Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of Section 2.4(iii) or
             2.4(iv) hereof, a "Change in Control" shall not be deemed to
             have occurred for purposes of the Plan solely because (i) the
             Company, (ii) an entity in which the Company directly or
             indirectly beneficially owns 50% or more of the voting
             securities, or (iii) any Company-sponsored employee stock
             ownership plan or any other employee benefit plan of the
             Company, either files or becomes obligated to file a report or a
             proxy statement under or in response to Schedule 13D, Schedule
             14D-1, Form 8-K or Schedule 14A (or any successor schedule, form
             or report or item therein) under the Exchange Act, disclosing
             beneficial ownership by it of Voting Shares, whether in excess
             of 20% or otherwise, or because the Company reports that a
             change in control of the Company has or may have occurred or
             will or may occur in the future by reason of such beneficial
             ownership.

       2.5   "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or
             any successor thereto.

       2.6   "Common Shares" means the Common Shares, $5.00 par value, of the
             Company.

       2.7   "Company" means TRINOVA Corporation, a corporation organized
             under the laws of the State of Ohio (or any successor
             corporation).


<PAGE>
                                     -47-


       2.8   "Disability" means long-term disability as determined under
             rules and procedures similar to those that apply in the
             Company's Long-Term Disability Plan then in effect.

       2.9   "Eligible Director" means a person who is an incumbent,
             non-employee member of the Board at the time the Plan is
             initially approved by the shareholders or who is elected a
             non-employee member of the Board subsequent to that date.

       2.10  "Fair Market Value" means the closing price of the Company's
             Common Shares on the New York Stock Exchange on the date
             specified.  The closing price shall be determined from the
             "NYSE-Composite Transactions" list printed in The Wall Street
             Journal or any equivalent publication.

       2.11  "Participant" means a non-employee Director who has been granted
             an Award under the Plan.

       2.12  "Person" means any "person," as the term "person" is used and
             defined in Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act, and any
             "affiliate" or "associate" of any such person, as the terms
             "affiliate" and "associate" are defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
             General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act as in
             effect on the date of this Plan.

       2.13  "Plan" means the TRINOVA Corporation 1989 Non-Employee
             Directors' Equity Plan, as may be amended from time to time.

       2.14  "Restricted Shares" means Common Shares that are subject to
             restrictions under Section 6 below, during the period such
             shares remain subject to such restrictions.

       2.15  "Restriction Period" means the five-year period, commencing on
             the date of the Award, described in Section 6(d)(ii) of the Plan
             during which Restricted Shares awarded to a Participant are
             subject to the restrictions imposed by and pursuant to the Plan.

       2.16  "Retirement" means retirement from active service as a member of
             the Board.

       2.17  "Voting Shares" means all outstanding securities of the Company
             entitled to vote generally in the election of Directors of the
             Company at the time in question.

3.     Administration.  The Plan, to the extent possible, shall be
       self-administering.  To the extent necessary, the Plan shall be
       administered by the Organization and Compensation Committee, or any
       successor committee of the Board appointed by the Board.  The
       Committee shall also adopt, amend and rescind rules and regulations
       for the administration of the Plan; construe and interpret the Plan,
       the rules and regulations; and make all other determinations necessary
       or desirable for the administration of the Plan.



<PAGE>
                                     -48-



4.     Common Shares Subject to Plan.  The total number of Common Shares
       reserved and available for transfer pursuant to Awards made under the
       Plan shall be 25,000 shares.  Such shares shall consist of treasury
       shares.  If any Restricted Shares that have been awarded are
       forfeited, such shares shall again be available for transfer as
       Restricted Shares in connection with future Awards made under the
       Plan.

       Substitutions or adjustments shall be made in the aggregate number of
       shares reserved for issuance under the Plan and in the number of
       Restricted Shares outstanding under the Plan in the event of (a) any
       stock dividend, stock split, combination of shares, issuance of rights
       or warrants to purchase stock, recapitalization or other change in the
       capital structure of the Company; or (b) any merger consolidation,
       separation, reorganization, partial or complete liquidation; or (c)
       any other corporate transaction or event having an effect similar to
       the foregoing.  Such substitutions or adjustments shall be made by and
       to the extent that the Committee, in its sole discretion, exercised in
       good faith, determines is necessary or desirable to avoid enlargement
       or dilution.  The Committee's decision shall be final, binding and
       conclusive.  No fractional Restricted Share shall be issued or
       authorized by reason of any such substitution or adjustment.

5.     Eligibility.  Only Directors who are not employees of the Company will
       be granted Awards under the Plan.  Any Director to whom an Award of
       Restricted Shares is made who thereafter becomes an employee of the
       Company shall cease to be eligible for any further grants of Awards
       while an employee, but shall not, by reason of becoming an employee,
       cease to be eligible to retain the Restricted Shares theretofore
       awarded to him or her subject, however, to the terms and conditions of
       the Plan.

6.     Terms of Restricted Shares.  Awards of Restricted Shares shall be
       granted under the Plan as follows, subject to the terms and conditions
       set forth below.

       (a)   Timing of Awards.  Subject to shareholder approval of the Plan
             and Awards made hereunder to such persons, each person who is an
             Eligible Director on the effective date of the Plan, shall
             receive an Award on such date.  During the term of the Plan, (i)
             each person who thereafter becomes an Eligible Director shall
             receive an Award on the date of his or her initial election as a
             Director, and (ii) additional Awards shall be made on the date
             of each Eligible Director's re-election to the Board which most
             nearly coincides with the fifth anniversary of his or her prior
             Award.

       (b)   Share per Award.  The number of Restricted Shares awarded to
             each Eligible Director in accordance with Section 6(a) will be
             determined by dividing $25,000 by the Fair Market Value of the
             Common Shares on the date of the Award, and rounding the
             resultant number upward to the nearest 10 shares.  The Fair
             Market Value of the Common Shares will be determined without
             regard to any restrictions imposed by the Plan.

<PAGE>
                                     -49-


       (c)   Certificates and Restrictions.  The prospective recipient of a
             Restricted Share Award shall not have any rights with respect to
             the Restricted Shares which are the subject of such Award,
             unless and until (i) such recipient has executed an agreement,
             in form provided by the Committee ("Restricted Share Award
             Agreement"), evidencing the Award, and agreeing to the terms and
             conditions of the restrictions of the Plan; (ii) has delivered a
             fully executed copy of such Agreement to the Company; and (iii)
             has otherwise complied with the applicable terms and conditions
             of such Award.  Each Award shall be subject to the following
             terms and conditions:

             (i)    Awards of Restricted Shares must be accepted within a
                    period of 30 days after the Award date, by executing a
                    Restricted Share Award Agreement.

             (ii)   During the Restriction Period specified in Section
                    6(d)(ii), beneficial ownership of and legal title to the
                    Restricted Shares shall be in the Participant, subject,
                    however, to the risk of forfeiture, specified in Section
                    6(d)(i).  Consequently, except as provided in Section
                    6(d), the Participant shall have, with respect to the
                    Restricted Shares, all the rights of a shareholder of the
                    Company, including the right to vote the shares, and the
                    right to receive any dividends (cash or other).  However,
                    Common Share dividends issued with respect to Restricted
                    Shares shall be treated as additional Restricted Shares
                    that are subject to the same restrictions and other terms
                    and conditions that apply to the Restricted Shares with
                    respect to which such dividends are issued, and for the
                    remaining period applicable to the latter Restricted
                    Shares.

             (iii)  Following receipt by the Company of the Restricted Share
                    Award Agreement duly executed by the Eligible Director,
                    each such Eligible Director receiving an Award of
                    Restricted Shares shall be issued a stock certificate in
                    respect of such Restricted Shares, to thereby evidence
                    the transfer of ownership in such Restricted Shares by
                    the Company to the Director as a Participant.  Such
                    certificate shall be registered in the name of such
                    Participant, and shall bear an appropriate legend
                    referring to the terms, conditions and restrictions
                    applicable to such Award.

             (iv)   The stock certificates shall be held in escrow by the
                    Company until the restrictions thereon lapse, or the
                    Restricted Shares are forfeited by the Participant under
                    the terms and conditions of the Plan.  The retention by
                    the Company of the stock certificate in escrow shall be
                    as security to protect its contingent residual rights in
                    the event of a forfeiture of the Restricted Shares by the
                    Participant.


<PAGE>
                                     -50-


             (v)    Upon termination of the Participant's membership on the
                    Board that results in forfeiture of the Restricted
                    Shares, ownership by the Participant of the Restricted
                    Shares that is forfeited shall immediately terminate
                    without any further action by the Company or the
                    Committee, and without further action, ownership of all
                    right, title and interest in the Restricted Shares shall
                    revert to the Company.

       (d)   Restrictions and Conditions.  The Restricted Shares awarded
             pursuant to Section 6 shall be subject to the following
             restrictions and conditions:

             (i)    Except as otherwise provided in, and subject to the
                    applicable provisions of the Restricted Share Award
                    Agreement and the provisions in this Section 6, all
                    shares still subject to restrictions shall be forfeited
                    upon termination of a Participant's service as a member
                    of the Board during the Restriction Period.

             (ii)   Commencing with the date of any Award made under the
                    Plan, all Common Shares shall be subject to restrictions
                    for a five-year period ("Restriction Period").  However,
                    restrictions on one-fifth of the Restricted Shares which
                    were the subject of an Award shall lapse on each
                    subsequent annual anniversary of the date of the Award,
                    provided that prior to such anniversary, the Participant
                    has not forfeited such Restricted Shares.

                    Notwithstanding the above, restrictions on all Restricted
                    Shares owned by a Participant shall automatically lapse
                    in the event of (A) death, Disability or Retirement of
                    such Participant; (B) failure of a Participant to be
                    re-elected as a member of the Board other than at the
                    Participant's own request; or (C) Change in Control of
                    the Company.

             (iii)  If to the extent that such restrictions lapse with
                    respect to any Restricted Shares, a stock certificate for
                    the appropriate number of unrestricted Common Shares
                    shall be promptly delivered to the Participant, subject,
                    however, to the provisions of Section 8(a) of the Plan.

       (e)   Prohibition Against Transfers, Assignments or Encumbrances. 
             During the period any Restricted Share remains subject to the
             risk of forfeiture, no transfer, assignment or encumbrance of
             such share shall be made by the Participant.  Any attempt to
             make any transfer, assignment or any encumbrance during the
             period the Restricted Share remains subject to the risk of
             forfeiture, shall be null and void; and no transferee, assignee
             or beneficiary of any encumbrance shall acquire, by reason
             thereof, any right, title or interest in any such Restricted
             Share.


<PAGE>
                                     -51-


7.     Amendments and Termination.  The Board may amend or terminate the
       Plan, but no amendment or termination shall be made which would impair
       the rights of a Participant without the Participant's consent, or
       which would, without further approval by the Company's shareholders,
       cause transactions under the Plan to cease to qualify as exempt
       transactions under Rule 16b-3 of the Securities and Exchange
       Commission or any similar rule promulgated under the Exchange Act,
       increase the maximum number of shares subject to this Plan, or change
       the class of Directors eligible for participation under this Plan.

8.     General Provisions.

       (a)   The Company may require each person acquiring Common Shares
             pursuant to the Plan to represent to and agree with the Company
             in writing that such person is acquiring the Common Shares
             without a view to distribution thereof.  The certificates for
             any Common Shares acquired under the Plan may include any legend
             which the Company deems appropriate to reflect any restrictions
             on transfer.  All certificates for Common Shares delivered under
             the Plan shall be subject to such stock-transfer orders and
             other restrictions as the Company may deem advisable under the
             rules, regulations and other requirements of the Securities and
             Exchange Commission, any stock exchange upon which the Common
             Shares are then listed, and any applicable Federal or state
             securities law; and the Company may cause a legend or legends to
             be put on any such certificates to make appropriate reference to
             such restrictions.

       (b)   Nothing contained in this Plan shall prevent the Board from
             adopting other or additional compensation arrangements, subject
             to shareholder approval if such approval is required; and such
             arrangements may be either generally applicable or applicable
             only in specific cases.  The adoption of the Plan shall not
             confer upon any Director any right to continue to be a Director.

       (c)   No member of the Board, nor any officer or employee of the
             Company acting on behalf of the Board or the Company, shall be
             personally liable for any action, determination or
             interpretation taken or made in good faith with respect to the
             Plan; and all members of the Board and each and any officer or
             employee of the Company acting on their behalf shall, to the
             extent permitted by law, be fully indemnified and protected by
             the Company in respect of any such action, determination or
             interpretation.

9.     Effective Date.  The Plan shall become effective on April 20, 1989 if
       the Plan is approved on that date by the affirmative vote of the
       holders of the majority of outstanding Common Shares.

10.    Term of Plan.  No Awards shall be granted pursuant to the Plan on or
       after April 20, 1999, but Awards theretofore granted may extend beyond
       that date.



<PAGE>
                                     -52-


11.    Tax Withholding.  Any compensation income realized or recognized by a
       Participant with respect to (a) Restricted Shares transferred under
       this Plan or (b) the lapse of any restrictions, shall be subject to
       withholding by the Company of income or other taxes required by
       Federal, state, local or foreign law.  The Committee may require the
       Participant to make arrangements satisfactory to the Committee to
       satisfy the Company's obligation, if any, to withhold any tax with
       respect to the compensation income realized by the Participant. 



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-11
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 11
<TEXT>


                                        -53-
<TABLE>

EXHIBIT (11)

STATEMENT RE:  COMPUTATION OF PER SHARE EARNINGS
TRINOVA CORPORATION
(In thousands, except per share data)

<CAPTION>

                                                 Year Ended December 31       
                                          --------------------------------------
                                            1993           1992           1991
                                          --------       --------       --------
<S>                                       <C>            <C>            <C>
Average shares outstanding                   28,321         28,232         28,221

Net effect of dilutive stock options based
 upon treasury stock method using average
 market price                                    84             27             21
                                          ---------      ---------      ---------
Average shares of common stock and
 common stock equivalents outstanding        28,405         28,259         28,242
                                          =========      =========      =========

Income (loss) before cumulative
 effect of accounting change              $  10,511      $  14,442      $(184,079)

Cumulative effect to January 1, 1993,
 of accounting change, net of income
 tax benefit                                (70,229)             -              -
                                          ---------      ---------      ---------

Net income (loss)                         $ (59,718)     $  14,442      $(184,079)
                                          =========      =========      =========

Income (loss) before cumulative
 effect of accounting change              $     .37      $     .51      $   (6.52)

Cumulative effect of accounting
 change, net of income tax benefit            (2.47)             -              -
                                          ---------      ---------      ---------

NET INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE               $   (2.10)     $     .51      $   (6.52)
                                          =========      =========      =========



<FN>

Note - Net income (loss) per share has been computed on the average number of
common shares outstanding, including common stock equivalents.  The assumed
conversion of the Company's 6 percent convertible debentures was not included
in average shares outstanding because the effect of the inclusion would be
anti-dilutive.

</TABLE>


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 13
<TEXT>

                                              -54-
<TABLE>

EXHIBIT (13)
                                      PORTIONS OF THE 1993
                                  ANNUAL REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS

11-Year Summary of Selected Financial Data
Years Ended December 31 (1993-1988)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data)

<CAPTION>
                                 1993        1992       1991      1990       1989      1988 
<S>                              <C>        <C>        <C>       <C>        <C>       <C>
Continuing Operations
Net sales                        $1,643.8   $1,695.5   $1,681.2  $1,955.4   $1,942.3  $1,781.3
Cost of products sold             1,247.4    1,307.4    1,309.1   1,477.7    1,441.4   1,294.8
Interest expense                     25.5       26.3       26.5      31.7       28.6      31.8
Income taxes (credit)                 6.6        9.6      (11.2)     29.6       29.6      51.5
Income (loss) from continuing
operations before cumulative
effect adjustment                    10.5a      14.4     (184.1)c     45.5d     33.4e    87.5g
Discontinued operations                 -          -          -         -       (1.1)f      .3
Cumulative effect adjustment        (70.2)         -          -         -          -         -
Net Income (Loss)                   (59.7)      14.4     (184.1)     45.5       32.3      87.8
Income (Loss) Attributable
to Common Stock                     (59.7)      14.4     (184.1)     45.5       32.3      91.6
Per Common Share Data                       
Primary
- -  Continuing operations before
   cumulative effect adjustment       .37        .51      (6.52)c    1.51d       .98e    2.53g
- -  Discontinued operations              -          -          -         -       (.03)f     .01
- -  Cumulative effect adjustment     (2.47)         -          -         -          -        -
- -  Net income (loss)                (2.10)       .51      (6.52)     1.51        .95      2.54
- -  Average shares outstanding
   (in millions)                     28.4b      28.3b      28.2b     30.2b      34.1b     36.1
Financial Position
Cash                                 20.5       26.3       26.6      25.5       23.0      37.1
Plants and properties-net           386.8      405.5      434.5     467.2      455.8     464.1
Total assets                        972.2    1,017.4    1,070.4   1,314.2    1,361.5   1,426.7
Working capital                     162.4      178.6      123.2     242.5      322.5     407.9
Long-term debt                      246.2      239.1      177.3     195.6      203.9     279.0
Shareholders' equity                253.2      352.9      374.6     598.7      651.3     679.2
Other Data
Cash dividends per share
- -  Common                             .68        .68        .68       .68        .66       .60
- -  Preferred                                                                          
Shares outstanding at Dec. 31 (in millions)
- -  Common                            28.4       28.2       28.2      28.2       33.0      34.2
- -  Preferred
Return on average
shareholders' equity                    -a       4.0%         -c      7.4%       4.8%e   13.7%
Debt-to-capitalization ratio         55.1%      50.3%      47.0%     35.5%      30.4%    34.9%
Number of employees at Dec. 31
- -  Non-U.S.                         5,094      5,948      6,516     7,935      8,835     9,251
- -  U.S.                             9,918      9,975     11,180    11,486     12,762    12,979
- -  Total                           15,012     15,923     17,696    19,421     21,597    22,230
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
                                              -55-
<TABLE>

11-Year Summary of Selected Financial Data
Years Ended December 31 (1987-1983)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data)

<CAPTION>

                                 1987h      1986       1985      1984       1983
<S>                              <C>        <C>        <C>       <C>        <C>
Continuing Operations
Net sales                        $1,533.2   $1,279.2   $1,114.7  $  988.3   $  454.2
Cost of products sold             1,105.6      909.7      788.2     668.1      332.6
Interest expense                     30.3       23.2       24.1      25.1        9.8
Income taxes (credit)                51.7       24.7       35.3      35.1       16.9
Income (loss) from continuing
operations before cumulative
effect adjustment                    68.3       31.4i      47.6      50.2       21.6
Discontinued operations               4.2       91.1j      27.1      20.5       18.8
Cumulative effect adjustment        (12.5)         -          -         -          -
Net Income (Loss)                    59.9      122.6       74.6      70.6       40.4
Income (Loss) Attributable
to Common Stock                      58.9      118.1       69.9      65.8       35.6
Per Common Share Data                       
Primary
- -  Continuing operations before
   cumulative effect adjustment      2.00        .80i      1.17      1.34        .50
- -  Discontinued operations            .12       2.68j       .73       .60        .56
- -  Cumulative effect adjustment      (.37)         -          -         -          -
- -  Net income (loss)                 1.75       3.48       1.90      1.94       1.06
- -  Average shares outstanding
   (in millions)                     33.7       33.9       36.7      33.9       33.6
Financial Position
Cash                                 24.0       17.6       25.8      20.7      123.6
Plants and properties-net           437.0      354.8      291.5     209.5      100.2
Total assets                      1,319.7    1,155.1    1,204.9     969.8      743.0
Working capital                     283.0      240.7      410.3     359.8      332.3
Long-term debt                      244.1      148.7      216.6     205.1      139.6
Shareholders' equity                614.4      549.7      716.3     529.4      493.0
Other Data
Cash dividends per share
- -  Common                             .53       .476       .447       .41        .40
- -  Preferred                       1.1875       4.75       4.75      4.75       4.75
Shares outstanding at Dec. 31 
(in millions)
- -  Common                            34.1       30.2       41.5      33.9       33.5
- -  Preferred                                      .9        1.0       1.0        1.0
Return on average
shareholders' equity                 10.4%      19.9%ij    12.2%     13.7%       8.4%
Debt-to-capitalization ratio         35.7%      33.0%      27.8%     33.5%      24.1%
Number of employees at Dec. 31
- -  Non-U.S.                         7,683      7,258      7,005     6,030      2,531
- -  U.S.                            11,964     10,828     10,592     8,973      4,964
- -  Total                           19,647     18,086     17,597    15,003      7,495

<PAGE>
                                              -56-


<FN>

(a) Includes a special charge for severance and other personnel-related costs
    amounting to $26 million pretax, $18.2 million net ($.64 per share) and a
    provision for unsuccessfully contested prior years' value-added taxes in
    Brazil amounting to $7 million pretax, $4.7 million net ($.17 per share).

(b) The Company's 6 percent convertible debentures, which are common stock
    equivalents, have not been included in average shares outstanding because
    the effect of their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.  (See Note 1, Net
    Income (Loss) per Share, of Notes to Financial Statements.)

(c) Includes a special charge for the write-off of intangibles and other
    charges amounting to $166.4 million pretax, $156.4 million net ($5.54 per
    share) and a gain from settlement of outstanding litigation associated
    with the purchase and installation of automated factory equipment
    amounting to $2.3 million pretax, $1.4 million net ($.05 per share).

(d) Includes settlement gains associated with terminated pension plans
    amounting to $5.2 million pretax, $2.8 million net ($.09 per share).

(e) Includes a provision for restructuring amounting to $53 million pretax,
    $38.5 million net ($1.13 per share); a provision of $8 million pretax, $5
    million net ($.15 per share) for costs associated with the write-down in
    value of a flexible manufacturing system; and a gain of $4 million
    pretax, $2.5 million net ($.07 per share) from the sale of certain
    investments.

(f) Includes a loss on the sale of the Laminated Products Group business
    amounting to $1.7 million pretax, $1.1 million net ($.03 per share).

(g) Includes settlement gains associated with terminated pension plans
    amounting to $6.1 million pretax, $3.3 million net ($.09 per share).

(h) 1987 financial statements were restated to reflect the adoption of FASB
    Statement No. 96 retroactive to January 1, 1987.  This change in
    accounting method decreased net income for the year ended December 31,
    1987, by $2.7 million ($.08 per share).  Net income for the year ended
    December 31, 1987, was also decreased $12.5 million ($.37 per share) for
    the cumulative effect of the change in accounting related to years prior
    to 1987 which were not restated.

(i) Includes a provision for restructuring amounting to $49.1 million pretax,
    $28.4 million net ($.84 per share). 

(j) Includes a gain from disposal of the Glass business and other associated
    gains amounting to $99.4 million pretax, $85 million net ($2.50 per
    share).

All applicable common share amounts and per share data have been adjusted to
reflect the two-for-one common stock split in 1987 and the three-for-two
common stock split in 1986.

</TABLE>

<PAGE>

                                     -57-
<TABLE>
FINANCIAL REVIEW AND ANALYSIS OF OPERATIONS

Analysis of Operations

1993 Compared with 1992

The following data provide highlights for the year 1993 compared with the year
1992.
<CAPTION>
                                                                          Percent
(dollars in thousands,                    Year Ended December 31          Increase
except per share data)                      1993          1992           (Decrease)
<S>                                      <C>           <C>               <C>
CONSOLIDATED                                                     
Net sales                                $1,643,841    $1,695,512           (3.0)%
Manufacturing income                        396,427       388,155            2.1
Manufacturing margin                          24.1%         22.9%
Special charge                               26,000             -              -
Operating income                             68,892*       58,980           16.8
Operating margin                               4.2%*         3.5%               
Income before cumulative effect
  of accounting change                       10,511*       14,442          (27.2) 
Cumulative effect to January 1, 1993,
  of accounting change, net of income
  tax benefit                               (70,229)            -              -
Net income (loss)                           (59,718)*      14,442              -
Income (Loss) per Share
Income before cumulative effect
  of accounting change                          .37*          .51          (27.5)
Cumulative effect of accounting
  change, net of income tax benefit           (2.47)            -              -
Net income (loss) per share                   (2.10)*         .51              -
Number of employees                          15,012        15,923           (5.7)

INDUSTRIAL                                                       
Net sales                                   864,590       902,794           (4.2)
Special charge                               19,200             -              -
Operating income                             17,118*       16,733            2.3
Operating margin                               2.0%*         1.9%               
Order intake                                898,140       927,845           (3.2) 
Order backlog at December 31                148,399       152,225           (2.5)

AUTOMOTIVE                                                       
Net sales                                   452,637       415,387            9.0
Special charge                                2,600             -              -
Operating income                             45,724*       32,291           41.6
Operating margin                              10.1%*         7.8%               

AEROSPACE & DEFENSE                                              
Net sales                                   326,614       377,331          (13.4)
Special charge                                3,600             -              -  
Operating income                             26,016*       29,756          (12.6)
Operating margin                               8.0%*         7.9%               
Order intake                                297,869       327,496           (9.0) 
Order backlog at December 31                278,351       321,610          (13.5)

<FN>
*After deducting the special charge.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
                                     -58-



Consolidated sales for 1993 were 3 percent lower than in 1992.  Sales for the
industrial and aerospace & defense segments declined during the year, but
automotive segment sales increased.  Consolidated U.S. sales increased $31.9
million, or 3.2 percent, but non-U.S. sales declined $83.6 million, or 12.2
percent.  Changes in currency exchange rates accounted for nearly $51 million
of the decline.

Industrial sales declined $38.2 million, or 4.2 percent, from 1992.  U.S.
sales increased $28.3 million, or 5.6 percent, over the prior year as key
markets in the U.S. industrial sector continued to improve.  Sales within
industrial markets in Asia and Brazil also improved over 1992.  Industrial
sales in Europe, however, declined from 1992 levels, principally the result of
the ongoing recession in most European countries.  Including the effects of
changes in currency exchange rates, industrial sales in Europe declined nearly
26 percent from the prior year.

Order intake for the industrial segment declined $29.7 million, or 3.2
percent, from 1992 levels.  U.S. industrial order intake improved over 1992,
as did order intake in Asia and Brazil.  European order intake was, however,
27 percent lower than in 1992 and continued to reflect the severity of the
ongoing recession in that region.

Automotive sales increased $37.3 million, or 9.0 percent, over 1992.  U.S.
automotive sales increased $37 million, or nearly 20 percent, over the prior
year and include the effect of consolidation in 1993 of a joint venture that
had previously been accounted for by the equity method.  The Company's
European automotive sales volume remained strong during 1993, but because of
the negative effects of changes in currency exchange rates, the reported
European sales were flat compared with 1992.  Although demand for the
Company's air conditioning and power steering components and systems remained
strong in 1993, the continued depressed levels of European auto production and
severe price competition are expected to inhibit the Company's European
automotive sales growth in 1994.  

Aerospace & defense sales declined $50.7 million, or 13.4 percent, from 1992. 
This reduction reflects the continued weak conditions in worldwide aerospace
and defense markets, as both U.S. and non-U.S. sales were lower than in 1992. 
U.S. government defense spending has continued to decline, and commercial
aircraft manufacturers have continued to cut back production schedules. 
Partially offsetting this trend, sales to the commercial aftermarket and
repair markets continued to grow in 1993.

Order intake for the aerospace & defense segment declined $29.6 million, or 9
percent, from 1992.  Due to strong orders in the fourth quarter, European
orders for the year were flat compared with 1992, while order intake in the
U.S. declined.

Consolidated manufacturing margin improved to 24.1 percent from 22.9 percent
for 1992.  Manufacturing margin for the industrial and automotive segments
improved in 1993.  Manufacturing margin for the aerospace & defense segment
remained flat compared with 1992, although volume was 13.4 percent lower. 
Aggressive cost-reduction efforts and continued consolidation of operations
and manufacturing processes contributed to improved margins.  Liquidation of 

<PAGE>
                                     -59-

LIFO inventory quantities reduced cost of products sold, principally
benefitting the industrial segment, by $7.6 million in 1993, compared with
$6.6 million in 1992.  Underabsorption of manufacturing burden due to
continued inventory reduction partially offset this benefit in both years.

Initiatives which were undertaken in 1992 to reduce selling and general
administrative and engineering, research and development expenses (operating
expenses) were aggressively pursued during 1993.  Operating expenses in 1993
were $27.6 million, or 8.4 percent, lower than in 1992 and were 18.3 percent
of sales in 1993, compared with 19.4 percent in 1992.  The reduction in
engineering, research and development expenses does not represent a reduced
focus in this area, but a streamlining of efforts to achieve greater
efficiency.

In the 1993 second quarter, the Company recorded a $26 million ($18.2 million
after tax, or $.64 per share) provision for severance and other personnel-
related costs associated with worldwide work force reductions, primarily
focusing on the Company's industrial operations in Europe.  The number of
employees worldwide was reduced by approximately 900 persons, or 6 percent,
during the year 1993.  This work force reduction is, in part, the result of
the 1993 and 1991 restructuring initiatives.  These initiatives contributed to
the improvement in manufacturing and operating margins during 1993. 
Restructuring payments in 1993 (net of proceeds from sale of properties)
amounted to $17.4 million.  This compares with restructuring payments in 1992
totaling $31.7 million.  Operating income for the year ended December 31,
1993, amounted to $68.9 million after deducting the special charge of $26
million and compares with operating income for the year 1992 of $59.0 million.

Other - net deductions were $17.6 million greater in 1993 than in 1992.  In
the 1993 fourth quarter, the Company recognized a charge of $7 million ($4.7
million after tax, or $.17 per share) to provide for unsuccessfully contested
prior years' value-added taxes in Brazil.  Also, other - net deductions for
the year 1993 include exchange losses of $10.6 million, principally relating
to Brazil, compared with $4.9 million for the year 1992.

Income before cumulative effect of accounting change amounted to $10.5
million, or $.37 per share, compared with net income of $14.4 million, or $.51
per share, in 1992.  The effective tax rate for the year 1993 was 38.6
percent.  Adjustment of net deferred tax assets due to the change in the
statutory U.S. federal income tax rate reduced the provision for income taxes
for the year ended December 31, 1993, by approximately $1 million.  The
effective income tax rate for the year 1992 was 39.9 percent.

The Company evaluated the realizability of deferred tax assets at December 31,
1993.  Valuation allowances were provided or maintained in those taxing
jurisdictions where the Company has net deductible temporary differences and
net operating loss carryforwards, and sufficient positive evidence, including
the ability to implement available tax planning alternatives, did not exist to
conclude that the associated deferred tax assets would be realized.

In the 1993 first quarter, the Company adopted Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement
Benefits Other than Pensions."  The Company elected to recognize the
transition obligation in the 1993 first quarter as the cumulative effect of a
change in accounting principle, resulting in a $113.2 million charge to income


<PAGE>
                                     -60-

($70.2 million after tax, or $2.47 per share for the year).  In addition to
the cumulative effect of change in accounting, the Company's 1993
postretirement benefit cost increased $6.8 million from what it would have
been had the change in accounting not been made.  The Company also adopted
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 112, "Employers' Accounting
for Postemployment Benefits," effective January 1, 1993.  The effect of
adopting this standard was not significant to the Company's results of
operations or consolidated financial position.

[Dual bar charts - See Appendix A filed hereunder]


<PAGE>
                                     -61-
<TABLE>

Analysis of Operations

1992 Compared with 1991

The following data provide highlights for the year 1992 compared with the year
1991.

<CAPTION>
                                                                           Percent
(dollars in thousands,                    Year Ended December 31          Increase
except per share data)                     1992           1991           (Decrease)

<S>                                    <C>             <C>               <C>
CONSOLIDATED                                                     
Net sales                                $1,695,512    $1,681,212            0.9%
Manufacturing income                        388,155       372,118            4.3
Manufacturing margin                          22.9%         22.1%               
Special charge                                    -       166,400              -
Operating income (loss)                      58,980      (155,876              -)*
Operating margin                               3.5%             -                 
Net income (loss)                            14,442      (184,079)*            -
Net income (loss) per share                     .51         (6.52)*            -
Number of employees                          15,923        17,696          (10.0)

INDUSTRIAL                                                       
Net sales                                   902,794       883,962            2.1
Special charge                                    -        88,100              -
Operating income (loss)                      16,733       (96,313)*            -
Operating margin                               1.9%             -               
Order intake                                927,845       902,848            2.8
Order backlog at December 31                152,225       169,477          (10.2)

AUTOMOTIVE
Net sales                                   415,387       358,637           15.8
Special charge                                    -        47,800              -  
Operating income (loss)                      32,291       (43,822)*            -
Operating margin                               7.8%             -               

AEROSPACE & DEFENSE                                              
Net sales                                   377,331       438,613          (14.0)
Special charge                                    -        30,500              -
Operating income                             29,756         4,524*             -
Operating margin                               7.9%          1.0%*              
Order intake                                327,496       415,327          (21.1)
Order backlog at December 31                321,610       383,201          (16.1)
                                                   
<FN>

*After deducting the special charge.

</TABLE>

<PAGE>
                                     -62-

Consolidated sales for 1992 were marginally higher than in 1991.  Sales for
the Company's automotive operations increased significantly over 1991, largely
due to European market penetration.  This increase was offset by reductions in
the aerospace & defense segment, where cutbacks by the major airlines and
reduction in defense spending reduced sales from the 1991 level.  Industrial
sales showed a modest gain over 1991 as the U.S. economy improved but Europe
weakened.  Consolidated U.S. sales declined $33 million from 1991, principally
due to aerospace & defense, while non-U.S. sales increased $47 million,
largely because of automotive.

Industrial sales increased $18.8 million, or 2.1 percent, over 1991.  U.S.
industrial sales showed improvement for the year, although certain key
markets, such as construction and farm equipment, remained weak.  Industrial
sales in Europe declined from 1991 as recessionary conditions accelerated. 
Order intake for the industrial segment increased $25 million, or 2.8 percent,
over 1991.  This increase includes the effects of new product introductions,
greater market penetration and improving market conditions.  Orders in the
U.S. showed gains during the year, while orders in Europe and Brazil declined.

Automotive sales increased $56.8 million, or 15.8 percent, over 1991.  Demand
for air conditioning and power steering products in Europe led to a strong
increase in non-U.S. sales.  Non-U.S. sales accounted for 53 percent of total
automotive sales in 1992, compared with 46 percent in 1991.  U.S. sales, after
improving in the first half of the year, fell below last year's level in the
second half and remained flat year-over-year.

Aerospace & defense sales declined $61.3 million, or 14 percent, from 1991. 
Most of this decline occurred in the United States.  Sales for each of the
1992 quarterly periods were lower than the comparable 1991 periods, reflecting
reductions in both defense spending and the commercial aerospace business. 
Declines in economic activity resulted in extension of orders in the
commercial aerospace business, which pushed back the delivery of component
parts to airline manufacturers during 1992.  Commercial aftermarket business
also declined year-over-year, but showed signs of stability near year end.

[Dual bar charts and bar chart - See Appendix A filed hereunder]

Order intake for the aerospace & defense segment declined $87.8 million, or
21.1 percent, from 1991.  Order patterns continued to reflect the softness in
the commercial aerospace business.  U.S. defense orders have also declined in
response to the lower military spending.

During 1992, the Company continued its efforts to streamline operations and
improve manufacturing and distribution processes.  Additional facilities were
closed during the year, resulting in further consolidation of manufacturing,
assembly and warehousing operations at selected facilities to improve
throughput and customer service.  Such actions contributed to improved margins
in 1992.

Manufacturing margin for the year 1992 improved to 22.9 percent from 22.1
percent for 1991.  Manufacturing margin for the automotive and aerospace &
defense segments improved over 1991, while industrial margins remained at
about the same level.  The benefits in 1992 from continued improvements in
manufacturing and distribution processes, reductions in personnel and cost
savings associated with the special charge recorded in the 1991 fourth
quarter, including reduced amortization of intangibles, contributed to the 

<PAGE>
                                     -63-

increased earnings.  Liquidation of LIFO inventory quantities reduced cost of
products sold by $6.6 million in 1992, compared with $5.7 million in 1991. 
Conversely, underabsorption of manufacturing burden due to inventory reduction
programs partially offset this benefit in both years.

Initiatives to reduce selling and general administrative and engineering,
research and development expenses (operating expenses) continued to show
positive results.  Operating expenses in 1992 were $32.4 million, or 9
percent, lower than in 1991.  Operating expenses as a percent of sales were
19.4 percent in 1992, compared with 21.5 percent in 1991.  This reduction was
due in large part to significant reductions in personnel.

Operating income for the year 1992 amounted to $59.0 million, compared with an
operating loss of $155.9 million in 1991 after deducting a special charge of
$166.4 million.

Other-net deductions in 1992 were $4.3 million less than in 1991, largely due
to lower exchange losses.  Other-net deductions for 1991 included a gain from
settlement of litigation associated with the purchase and installation of
automated factory equipment at one of the Company's production facilities.

The effective tax rate for 1992 was 39.9 percent, compared with a benefit of
5.7 percent in 1991.  In 1992, the Company adopted Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes" (FAS 109).  The
Company had previously been accounting for income taxes in accordance with
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 96.  Financial statements for
prior years were not restated, and there was no significant effect on the 1992
financial statements.

FAS 109 specifies that deferred tax assets and liabilities must be recognized
for estimated future tax effects attributable to temporary differences and
loss carryforwards.  The Company recorded additional deferred tax assets as of
January 1, 1992, amounting to approximately $29 million, attributable to
temporary differences and loss carryforwards at certain non-U.S. locations. 
Because of the uncertainty associated with the future realization of the
deferred tax assets, corresponding valuation allowances were also recorded as
of January 1, 1992, in accordance with the requirements of the standard.


Effects of Inflation

The Company attempts to minimize the effects of inflation on operating costs
through cost-control and productivity improvement programs.  As raw material
and other operating costs increase, the Company attempts to recover the
increased costs through its product pricing to the extent permitted by
competitive factors.  The Company uses the LIFO method of accounting for
substantially all of its U.S. inventories.  Under this method, other than the
effect of quantity liquidations when inventories are decreasing, cost of
products sold as reported in the financial statements approximates current
costs, thereby reducing the distortion in reported income due to increasing
costs.  The charges to operations for depreciation, however, represent
allocations of historical costs incurred in prior years and are less than
charges to income would be if productive capacity were replaced at current
costs.



<PAGE>
                                     -64-


Liquidity, Working Capital and Capital Investment

Cash provided by operating activities during 1993 totaled $128.9 million and
compares with $46.1 million in 1992.  Higher earnings, after adjustment for
the non-cash effects of the cumulative effect of change in accounting and the
special charge, contributed to the increase in cash provided by operations. 
Continued inventory reductions and other working capital changes also
contributed to increased cash from operating activities.  Restructuring
payments, amounting to $17.4 million in 1993, are net of proceeds totaling $-
19.4 million from the sale of properties.  Several facilities remain to be
sold at December 31, 1993.

Capital expenditures totaled $55.1 million in 1993, compared with $52.3
million in 1992.  Capital spending in 1994 is expected to be moderately higher
than in 1993.  Dividend payments remained unchanged at $.68 per share.  Debt
payments, net of borrowings, totaled $57.8 million in 1993.  In 1992,
borrowings exceeded debt payments by $29.6 million.  The debt-to-
capitalization ratio was 55.1 percent, up from 50.3 percent at December 31,
1992.  The increase in the debt-to-capitalization ratio was primarily the
result of the first-quarter non-cash charge to income for the cumulative
effect of change in accounting.  This accounting change did not affect the
Company's ability to comply with restrictive covenants of revolving credit
agreements.

Under terms of its revolving credit agreements with several U.S. and non-U.S.
banks, the Company may borrow up to $155 million.  These agreements are
renewable annually, are intended to support the Company's commercial paper
borrowings and, to the extent not so utilized, provide domestic borrowings. 
There were no borrowings under these agreements or commercial paper
outstanding at December 31, 1993.  In addition, the Company has uncommitted
arrangements with various banks to provide short-term financing as necessary. 
The Company expects that cash flow from operating activities and available
short-term financing arrangements will be sufficient to meet normal operating
requirements over the near term.

The Company or certain of its subsidiaries have been named potentially
responsible parties (PRP) for site investigation and cleanup costs under the
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act
(Superfund) or similar state laws with respect to certain sites.  In addition,
the Company has undertaken corrective and preventive environmental projects of
its own to achieve compliance with applicable environmental laws at certain of
its facilities.  The Company believes that the costs arising out of such PRP
designations and the Company's compliance projects will not have a material
adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial position.  

<PAGE>
                                     -65-
<TABLE>

QUARTERLY RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 


The following is a summary of the quarterly results of operations for the
years ended December 31, 1993, and 1992.

<CAPTION>
                                                        1993
                                --------------------------------------------------------
                                             Three Months Ended  
                                -------------------------------------------- Year Ended
                                Mar 31     Jun 30     Sep 30     Dec 31        Dec 31  
                                -------    -------    -------    -------     -----------
                                             (In thousands, except per share data)

<S>                             <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>         <C>
Net sales                       $ 429,169  $ 419,748  $ 393,263  $ 401,661   $1,643,841
Manufacturing income               98,231    101,919     96,260    100,017      396,427
Income (loss) before cumulative 
effect of accounting change         5,634     (9,121)     9,461      4,537       10,511(a)
Cumulative effect of accounting
change                            (70,229)         -          -          -      (70,229)
Net income (loss)                 (64,595)    (9,121)     9,461      4,537      (59,718)(a)
Income (loss) per share
Income (loss) before cumulative
effect of accounting change           .20       (.32)       .33        .16          .37(a)
Cumulative effect of accounting
change                              (2.48)         -          -          -        (2.47)(c)
Net income (loss) per share         (2.28)      (.32)       .33        .16        (2.10)(a,c)
Average shares outstanding         28,296     28,345     28,434     28,512       28,405(b)


                                                        1992
                                --------------------------------------------------------
                                             Three Months Ended  
                                -------------------------------------------- Year Ended
                                Mar 31     Jun 30     Sep 30     Dec 31        Dec 31
                                -------    -------    -------    -------     ----------
                                         (In thousands, except per share data)

Net sales                       $ 422,644  $ 439,009  $ 402,223  $ 431,636   $1,695,512
Manufacturing income               93,409    104,173     90,978     99,595      388,155
Net income                            450      6,204      1,735      6,053       14,442
Net income per share                  .02        .22        .06        .21          .51
Average shares outstanding         28,253     28,266     28,268     28,264       28,259(b)



<PAGE>
                                              -66-

<FN>

(a) The 1993 fourth quarter and year include a provision for unsuccessfully
    contested prior years' value-added taxes in Brazil amounting to $7
    million pretax, $4.7 million net ($.17 per share).  The income tax
    provision for the 1993 third quarter and year was reduced by
    approximately $1 million due to adjustment of net deferred tax assets to
    recognize the change in the U.S. statutory tax rate.  The income tax
    provision for the 1993 third quarter also includes the benefit from
    utilization of a current year operating loss of a non-U.S. subsidiary. 
    The 1993 second quarter and year include a special charge for severance
    and other personnel-related costs amounting to $26 million pretax, $18.2
    million net ($.64 per share).

(b) The assumed conversion of the Company's 6 percent convertible debentures,
    which are common stock equivalents, was not included in average shares
    outstanding because the effect of the inclusion would have been anti-
    dilutive.

(c) The total of the quarterly income per share amounts does not equal the
    annual per share amounts.

[Pie charts - See Appendix A filed hereunder]

</TABLE>

<PAGE>
                                     -67-

MANAGEMENT'S STATEMENT ON RESPONSIBILITY
FOR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


Shareholders and Board of Directors
TRINOVA Corporation

The management of TRINOVA Corporation has prepared the financial statements as
well as other data included in this annual report and has primary
responsibility for the integrity and objectivity of the financial information
and its presentation.  The financial statements were prepared in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles and contain estimates and
judgments by management as appropriate.

The Company maintains a system of internal accounting controls designed to
provide reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded, that transactions
are executed in accordance with management's authorization and are properly
recorded, and that accounting records may be relied upon for preparation of
financial statements.  Management is responsible for maintenance of these
systems, which is accomplished through communication of an established written
code of conduct, policies and procedures; careful selection and training of
qualified personnel; and appropriate delegation of authority and segregation
of responsibilities.  Adherence to these controls, policies and procedures is
monitored and evaluated on a periodic basis by the Company's internal
auditors.

The Company's independent auditors provide an objective audit of TRINOVA
Corporation's financial statements.  In planning and performing their audit of
the Company's financial statements, the independent auditors consider the
Company's internal control structure in determining their auditing procedures
to enable them to set forth their opinion.  The independent auditors also
prepare recommendations for improving policies and procedures.  Such
recommendations are communicated in accordance with Company policy to the
individuals responsible for implementation.

The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, composed solely of outside
directors, meets periodically with the independent auditors, internal auditors
and financial management to review their respective activities and to satisfy
itself that each is properly discharging its responsibilities.  Both the
independent auditors and internal auditors have direct access to the Audit
Committee, with or without the presence of management, to discuss the scope
and results of their audits, their comments on the adequacy of internal
accounting controls and the quality of financial reporting.





/S/ DARRYL F. ALLEN                             /S/ DAVID M. RISLEY
Darryl F. Allen                                 David M. Risley
Chairman, President and                         Vice President -  Finance
Chief Executive Officer                         and Chief Financial Officer

<PAGE>
                                     -68-



REPORT OF ERNST & YOUNG,
Independent Auditors


Shareholders and Board of Directors
TRINOVA Corporation



We have audited the accompanying statement of financial position of TRINOVA
Corporation and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1993 and 1992, and the related
statements of operations, shareholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the
three years in the period ended December 31, 1993.  These financial statements
are the responsibility of the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards.  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of
material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.  An audit
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation.  We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis
for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the consolidated financial position of TRINOVA
Corporation and subsidiaries at December 31, 1993 and 1992, and the
consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the
three years in the period ended December 31, 1993, in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles.

As discussed in Notes 5 and 8 of Notes to Financial Statements, in 1993 the
Company changed its method of accounting for postretirement benefits other
than pensions and in 1992 its method of accounting for income taxes.





                                                /S/ ERNST & YOUNG


Toledo, Ohio
January 26, 1994 


<PAGE>

                                           -69-
<TABLE>

STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
Years ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991
(In thousands, except per share data)

<CAPTION>
                                                1993           1992           1991  
                                              --------       --------       --------
<S>                                        <C>            <C>            <C>
Net sales                                  $1,643,841     $1,695,512     $1,681,212
Cost of products sold                       1,247,414      1,307,357      1,309,094
                                           ----------     ----------     ----------
MANUFACTURING INCOME                          396,427        388,155        372,118

Selling and general administrative 
  expenses                                    246,221        263,863        286,727
Engineering, research and development
  expenses                                     55,314         65,312         74,867
Special charges                                26,000              -        166,400
                                           ----------     ----------     ----------
OPERATING INCOME (LOSS)                        68,892         58,980       (155,876)

Interest expense                              (25,516)       (26,313)       (26,453)
Other - net                                   (26,265)        (8,625)       (12,950)
                                           ----------     ----------     ----------

INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE INCOME TAXES
AND CUMULATIVE EFFECT OF ACCOUNTING 
CHANGE                                         17,111         24,042       (195,279)
Income taxes (credit)                           6,600          9,600        (11,200)
                                           ----------     ----------     ----------
INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE CUMULATIVE 
EFFECT OF ACCOUNTING CHANGE                    10,511         14,442       (184,079)
Cumulative effect to January 1, 1993,
of accounting change, net of income 
tax benefit                                   (70,229)             -              -
                                           ----------     ----------     ----------
NET INCOME (LOSS)                          $  (59,718)    $   14,442     $ (184,079)
                                           ==========     ==========     ==========
INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE
Income (loss) before cumulative
effect of accounting change                $      .37     $      .51     $    (6.52)
Cumulative effect of accounting 
change, net of income tax benefit               (2.47)             -              -
                                           ----------     ----------     ----------
NET INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE                $    (2.10)    $      .51     $    (6.52)
                                           ==========     ==========     ==========
Average number of common 
shares outstanding                             28,405         28,259         28,242
                                           ==========     ==========     ==========

<FN>

The Notes to Financial Statements are an integral part of this statement.

</TABLE>

<PAGE>
                                           -70-

STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
December 31, 1993 and 1992 
(Dollars in thousands, except per share data)

                                                  1993             1992    
                                              ------------     ------------
ASSETS
CURRENT ASSETS
Cash                                          $    20,534      $    26,269
Receivables                                       200,340          202,850
Inventories                                       212,346          268,028
Other current assets                               54,011           49,588
                                              -----------      -----------
TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS                              487,231          546,735

Plants and properties                             826,100          826,756
Less accumulated depreciation                     439,281          421,213
                                              -----------      -----------
                                                  386,819          405,543
Other assets                                       98,151           65,111
                                              -----------      -----------
TOTAL ASSETS                                  $   972,201      $ 1,017,389    
                                              ===========      ===========
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
CURRENT LIABILITIES
Notes payable                                 $    60,539      $   109,549
Accounts payable                                   81,133           82,624
Income taxes                                       27,364           25,484
Other accrued liabilities                         151,469          141,907
Current maturities of long-term debt                4,257            8,582
                                              -----------      -----------
TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES                         324,762          368,146

Long-term debt                                    246,214          239,061
Postretirement benefits other than pensions       120,058                -
Deferred credits and other liabilities             22,558           20,846
Deferred income taxes                               5,377           36,476

SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
Common stock - par value $5 a share
Authorized - 100,000,000 shares
Outstanding - 28,405,880 and
28,237,626 shares, respectively
(after deducting 5,804,016 and
5,972,270 shares, respectively, in treasury)      142,029          141,188
Additional paid-in capital                          2,157              470
Retained earnings                                 138,628          217,604
Currency translation adjustments                  (29,582)          (6,402)
                                              -----------      -----------
TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY                        253,232          352,860
                                              ------------     -----------
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY    $   972,201      $ 1,017,389
                                              ===========      ===========


The Notes to Financial Statements are an integral part of this statement.

<PAGE>

                                           -71-
<TABLE>

STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
Years ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991
(In thousands)
<CAPTION>
                                                  1993         1992         1991  
                                                --------     --------     --------
<S>                                             <C>          <C>          <C>
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES

Net income (loss)                               $  (59,718)  $   14,442   $ (184,079)
Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss)
to net cash provided by operating activities:
Cumulative effect of accounting change, 
net of income tax benefit                           70,229            -            -
Special charges                                     26,000            -      166,400
Depreciation                                        61,802       62,242       61,979
Deferred income taxes                               (5,465)      11,178      (15,732)
Changes in certain assets and liabilities,
excluding effects from special charges
- -Receivables                                       (15,041)     (26,405)      (4,303)
- -Inventories                                        42,656       24,679       36,712
- -Accounts payable                                    5,016        1,153       (2,363)
- -Income taxes                                       (8,298)      (3,010)     (10,623)
- -Other assets, payables and accruals                18,810       (6,538)      (4,969)
Restructuring proceeds (payments) - net            (17,439)     (31,749)      43,885
Other                                               10,367          135        7,996
                                                ----------   ----------   ----------
NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES          128,919       46,127       94,903

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES

Capital expenditures                               (55,128)     (52,278)     (86,366)
Other                                                1,904          993        4,372
                                                ----------   ----------   ----------
NET CASH USED BY INVESTING ACTIVITIES              (53,224)     (51,285)     (81,994)

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES

Cash dividends                                     (19,258)     (19,198)     (19,190)
Increase (decrease) in notes payable               (51,092)     (30,193)      28,319
Repayments of long-term borrowings                 (15,261)     (15,920)     (18,058)
Long-term borrowings                                 8,523       75,744          837
Other                                                2,528          192          107
                                                ----------   ----------   ----------
NET CASH PROVIDED (USED) BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES   (74,560)      10,625       (7,985)

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash             (6,870)      (5,795)      (3,791)
                                                ----------   ----------   ----------

INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH                         (5,735)        (328)       1,133

Cash at beginning of year                           26,269       26,597       25,464
                                                ----------   ----------   ----------
CASH AT END OF YEAR                             $   20,534   $   26,269   $   26,597
                                                ==========   ==========   ==========
<FN>
The Notes to Financial Statements are an integral part of this statement.              
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
                                           -72-
<TABLE>

STATEMENT OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
Years ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991
(Dollars in thousands, except per share data)

<CAPTION>
                                                  Additional                 Currency
                                       Common       Paid-In     Retained    Translation
                                        Stock       Capital     Earnings    Adjustments

<S>                                   <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
BALANCE AT JANUARY 1, 1991            $ 141,093    $     266    $ 425,629     $  31,722
Net loss for the year                                            (184,079)
Cash dividends paid ($.68 a share)                                (19,190)
Issuance of 7,470 shares, net of
shares exchanged, under stock plans          37           70
Translation and hedge adjustments                                               (20,901)
                                      ---------    ---------    ---------     ---------
BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 1991            141,130          336      222,360        10,821
Net income for the year                                            14,442
Cash dividends paid ($.68 a share)                                (19,198)
Issuance of 11,656 shares, net of
shares exchanged, under stock plans          58          134    
Translation and hedge adjustments                                               (17,223)
                                      ---------    ---------    ---------     ---------
BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 1992            141,188          470      217,604        (6,402)
Net loss for the year                                             (59,718)
Cash dividends paid ($.68 a share)                                (19,258)
Issuance of 168,254 shares, net of
shares exchanged, under stock plans         841        1,687
Translation and hedge adjustments                                               (23,180)  
                                      ---------    ---------    ---------     ---------
BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 1993          $ 142,029    $   2,157    $ 138,628     $ (29,582)
                                      =========    =========    =========     =========



<FN>

The Notes to Financial Statements are an integral part of this statement.     

</TABLE>

<PAGE>
                                           -73-

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December 31, 1993

NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Principles of Consolidation:  The consolidated financial statements include
the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries.  Affiliated companies in
which the Company's ownership is 20 to 50 percent are accounted for by the
equity method.  All other minority investments are carried at cost.  All
significant intercompany transactions and balances are eliminated upon
consolidation.

Inventories:  Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. 
Inventory costs for U.S. operations are determined principally by the last-in,
first-out (LIFO) method.  The remaining inventory costs are determined
primarily by the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method.

Plants and Properties:  Plants and properties are carried at cost. 
Depreciation is generally computed by the straight-line method over the
estimated useful lives of the respective assets.  In general, depreciation is
provided at annual rates of 2.5 to 3 percent on buildings and 8 to 10 percent
on equipment.

Accounting Changes:  The Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other
than Pensions," effective January 1, 1993.  The effect of adopting this
standard is discussed in Note 8.  The Company also adopted Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 112, "Employers' Accounting for
Postemployment Benefits," effective January 1, 1993.  This standard specifies
the use of accrual methods for recognition of postemployment benefit costs. 
The effect of adopting this standard was not significant to the Company's
results of operations or consolidated financial position.

Income (Loss) per Share:  Income (loss) per share is computed using the
average number of common shares outstanding, including common stock
equivalents.  The assumed conversion of the Company's 6 percent convertible
debentures was not included in average shares outstanding in any of the years
presented because the effect of the inclusion would have been anti-dilutive.


NOTE 2 - ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE

The Company has an agreement expiring on December 22, 1995, with a financial
institution to sell, on an ongoing basis, undivided percentage ownership
interests in a designated pool of U.S. trade accounts receivable, up to a
maximum of $75,000,000.  Accounts receivable amounting to $75,000,000 and
$73,250,000 had been sold under this agreement at December 31, 1993 and 1992,
respectively.  The Company has retained substantially the same risk of loss as
if these accounts receivable had not been sold.




<PAGE>
                                     -74-

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 3 - INVENTORIES

Inventory costs determined by the LIFO method accounted for approximately
51 percent and 48 percent of the total inventories at December 31, 1993 and
1992, respectively.  If all inventories valued by the LIFO method had been
valued at current costs, these inventories would have been approximately
$32,829,000 and $41,985,000 higher than reported at December 31, 1993 and
1992, respectively.

During 1993, 1992 and 1991 certain inventories were reduced, resulting in the
liquidation of LIFO inventory quantities carried at lower costs prevailing in
prior years compared with current cost.  The effect of these inventory
liquidations was to reduce cost of products sold in 1993, 1992 and 1991 by
$7,615,000, $6,590,000 and $5,740,000, respectively.  This increased income
before cumulative effect of accounting change in 1993 and net income in 1992
by $4,653,000 ($.16 per share) and $4,086,000 ($.14 per share), respectively,
and decreased the net loss in 1991 by $3,800,000 ($.13 per share).


NOTE 4 - DEBT

Long-term debt consists of the following:

                                                     December 31
                                               -----------------------
                                                 1993         1992
                                                ------       ------
                                                   (In thousands)

6% convertible subordinated debentures         $100,000     $100,000
7.95% notes                                      75,000       75,000
9.55% senior sinking fund debentures             50,000       50,000
Industrial revenue bonds - interest rates from
 4% to 11% - due at various dates to 2013        11,176       16,340
Other                                            14,295        6,303
                                               --------     --------
                                                250,471      247,643
Less current maturities                           4,257        8,582
                                               --------     --------
                                               $246,214     $239,061
                                               ========     ========

The 6 percent convertible subordinated debentures are convertible into the
Company's $5 par value common stock at a conversion price of $52.50 per share. 
The debentures mature on October 15, 2002, and are subject to earlier
redemption, at the option of the Company, in whole or in part, at specified
declining redemption prices plus accrued interest.  The 7.95 percent notes
mature on May 1, 1997, are not redeemable prior to maturity and are not
subject to a sinking fund.  



<PAGE>
                                     -75-

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 4 - DEBT (Continued)

The 9.55 percent senior sinking fund debentures mature on February 1, 2018,
and are subject to earlier redemption, at the option of the Company, in whole
or in part, at specified declining redemption prices plus accrued interest. 
An annual mandatory sinking fund payment of $2,500,000 is required commencing
February 1, 1999.  The Company may increase its sinking fund payment in any
year by an additional amount of up to $5,000,000.

Under terms of revolving credit agreements with several U.S. and non-U.S.
banks, the Company may borrow up to $155,000,000 until September 28, 1994. 
The agreements may be extended for an additional 364-day period upon the
request of the Company and acceptance by the participating banks.  Borrowings
under the credit line will, at the Company's option, bear interest at rates
derived from the lendors' certificate of deposit or Eurodollar rates plus a
margin based on independent ratings of the Company's outstanding, unsecured,
long-term public debt or other interest rates that may be agreed to by the
Company and lendors.  The agreements specify fees on the entire commitment
ranging from .125 percent to .25 percent, depending on independent ratings of
the Company's outstanding, unsecured long-term public debt.  These agreements
are maintained to support the Company's commercial paper borrowings and, to
the extent not so utilized, to provide domestic borrowings.  At December 31,
1993, there were no borrowings under these agreements and no commercial paper
was outstanding.  Covenants of the revolving credit agreements and certain
other debt instruments require the Company to maintain certain financial
ratios, including a limitation that the Company's debt-to-capitalization ratio
(exclusive of the effects of the change in accounting for postretirement
benefit obligations) not exceed a specified amount.  At December 31, 1993,
under the most restrictive of these covenants, retained earnings of
$149,000,000 were available for the payment of cash dividends.

At December 31, 1993, the Company's long-term debt amounting to $250,471,000,
including current maturities, had an estimated fair value of $265,600,000. 
Fair value for long-term debt at December 31, 1992, and fair value for notes
payable at December 31, 1993 and 1992, approximate the carrying amounts at
those dates.

Maturities of long-term debt in 1994 and in the four succeeding years are
$4,257,000, $11,484,000, $441,000, $75,486,000 and $536,000.  Interest paid on
debt during 1993, 1992 and 1991 amounted to $24,994,000, $26,825,000 and
$27,500,000, respectively.




<PAGE>
                                     -76-

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 5 - INCOME TAXES

The Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109,
"Accounting for Income Taxes" (FAS 109), effective January 1, 1992.  The
Company had previously been accounting for income taxes in accordance with
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 96.  Financial statements for
prior years were not restated, and there was no cumulative effect adjustment
upon adoption of FAS 109.  FAS 109 specifies that deferred tax assets and
liabilities must be recognized for estimated future tax effects attributable
to temporary differences and loss carryforwards.  This standard also specifies
that deferred tax assets are to be reduced by valuation allowances if it is
likely that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be
realized.  The Company recorded additional deferred tax assets with
corresponding valuation allowances upon adoption of FAS 109 as of January 1,
1992, amounting to $29,012,000, attributable to temporary differences and loss
carryforwards at certain non-U.S. locations.

<PAGE>
                                     -77-

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 5 - INCOME TAXES (Continued)

The components of income (loss) before income taxes and cumulative effect of
accounting change consist of the following:

                                            Year Ended December 31
                                       --------------------------------
                                      1993            1992           1991
                                     ------          ------         ------
                                                 (In thousands)

U.S.                                $  8,147       $     649      $(118,874)
Non-U.S.                               8,964          23,393        (76,405)
                                    --------       ---------      ---------

                                    $ 17,111       $  24,042      $(195,279)
                                    ========       =========      =========

Income tax expense (benefit) consists of the following:

                                              Year Ended December 31
                                         --------------------------------
                                        1993           1992           1991
                                       ------         ------         ------
                                                  (In thousands)

Current:
  U.S. federal                      $  4,841       $  (6,098)     $  (3,461)
  State and local                        299           1,875          1,606
  Non-U.S.                             6,925           2,645          6,387
                                    --------       ---------      ---------
                                      12,065          (1,578)         4,532

Deferred:
  U.S. federal                        (2,050)          9,055         (4,264)
  Non-U.S.                            (3,415)          2,123        (11,468)
                                    --------       ---------      ---------
                                      (5,465)         11,178        (15,732)
                                    --------       ---------      ---------
                                    $  6,600       $   9,600      $ (11,200)
                                    ========       =========      =========



<PAGE>
                                     -78-

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 5 - INCOME TAXES (Continued)

The effect of temporary differences and loss carryforwards giving rise to
deferred tax assets and liabilities at December 31, 1993 and 1992, is as
follows:
                                                  1993              1992
                                                 ------            ------
                                                       (In thousands)           
Gross Deferred Tax Assets                        
Postretirement benefits other than pensions      $  45,540         $       -
Tax loss and tax credit carryforwards               44,712            27,903
Employee benefit accruals                            9,315             9,503
Special charges                                      4,095             4,070
Assigned acquisition basis                           3,144             3,406
Discontinued operations                              3,612             3,621
Other                                                7,990             9,143
                                                 ---------         ---------
Gross deferred tax assets                          118,408            57,646

Gross Deferred Tax Liabilities
Depreciation                                       (36,875)          (39,172)
Pensions                                            (5,746)           (1,961)
Other                                               (2,243)           (2,127)
                                                 ---------         ---------
Gross deferred tax liabilities                     (44,864)          (43,260)

Valuation allowances                               (29,962)          (30,441)
                                                 ---------         ---------
Net deferred tax assets (liabilities)            $  43,582         $ (16,055)
                                                 =========         =========

The components of deferred tax assets (liabilities) net of valuation
allowances were classified in the Statement of Financial Position at
December 31, 1993 and 1992, as follows:

                                                 1993              1992
                                                 ----              ----
                                                    (In thousands) 
Current assets                                   $ 19,287          $ 20,421
Non-current assets                                 29,672                 -
Non-current liabilities                            (5,377)          (36,476)
                                                 --------          --------
Net deferred tax assets (liabilities)            $ 43,582          $(16,055)
                                                 ========          ========

Valuation allowances decreased $479,000 for the year ended December 31, 1993,
and increased $1,429,000 for the year ended December 31, 1992.



<PAGE>
                                     -79-

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 5 - INCOME TAXES (Continued)



Reconciliation of the statutory U.S. federal income tax rate to the effective
income tax rate before cumulative effect of accounting change follows:

                                               Year Ended December 31
                                          --------------------------------
                                           1993         1992         1991
                                          ------       ------       ------
Statutory U.S. federal income tax rate     35.0%        34.0%       (34.0)%
Increase (decrease) resulting from:
State and local taxes, net of federal
  benefit                                   1.1          5.1          (.5)
Special charges - basis differences and
  charges without tax benefits             15.6            -         23.0
Taxes in excess of (less than) the 
  U.S. tax rate on non-U.S. earnings       (6.0)           -          2.0
Rate differential on temporary 
  differences                              (6.5)           -            -
Other                                       (.6)          .8          3.8
                                           ----         ----        -----
Effective income tax rate                  38.6%        39.9%        (5.7)%
                                           ====         ====        =====


Adjustment of net deferred tax assets due to the change in the statutory U.S.
federal income tax rate reduced the provision for income taxes for the year
ended December 31, 1993, by approximately $1,000,000.

At December 31, 1993, the Company had net operating loss carryforwards of
$104,512,000 for income tax purposes.  Loss carryforwards of approximately
$36,942,000 have no expiration dates and the remainder expire in years through
2008.  

The Company does not provide deferred income taxes on undistributed earnings
of its non-U.S. subsidiaries which have been reinvested indefinitely. 
Recorded undistributed earnings of non-U.S. subsidiaries for which U.S. income
taxes have not been provided approximated $76,000,000 at December 31, 1993. 
If these earnings are remitted, certain countries will impose withholding
taxes that will be available for use as credits against any U.S. federal
income tax liability, subject to certain limitations.  It is not practical to
estimate the amount of tax that would be payable should the Company remit
these earnings.  However, withholding taxes of approximately $5,600,000 would
be payable if all recorded undistributed earnings were remitted.

Income taxes paid during 1993, 1992 and 1991 amounted to $20,363,000,
$1,432,000 and $15,155,000, respectively.




<PAGE>
                                     -80-

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 6 - ENVIRONMENTAL

The Company or certain of its subsidiaries have been named potentially
responsible parties (PRP) for site investigation and cleanup costs under the
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act
(Superfund) or similar state laws with respect to certain sites.  While the
ultimate outcome of the PRP designations and other environmental matters
cannot now be predicted, the Company believes that costs, in excess of amounts
provided, arising out of these matters will not have a material adverse effect
on the Company's consolidated financial position.


NOTE 7 - RETIREMENT PLANS

The Company has adopted trusteed defined-contribution plans as the primary
retirement vehicle.  Such plans now cover most full-time U.S. employees and
certain non-U.S. employees.  Annual expense for the major defined-contribution
plans is based primarily upon employee participation and earnings of the
Company.  The Company follows the policy of funding retirement plan
contributions as accrued.

The Company has trusteed defined-benefit plans covering a limited number of
full-time U.S. employees.  The defined-benefit plans typically provide for
full vesting after five years of service, and benefits are principally based
on employee earnings and/or length of service.  The Company's funding policy
for these plans is to make annual contributions at least sufficient to meet
minimum legal funding requirements.  Various plans are also in effect for
subsidiaries operating outside the U.S., including trusteed or insured,
government-sponsored and unfunded plans.

Components of net periodic pension cost for the defined-benefit plans and the
total contributions charged to pension expense for the defined-contribution
plans are summarized below.  Net periodic pension cost for the year ended
December 31, 1993, was reduced by settlement gains for certain non-U.S. plans
aggregating $1,400,000.



<PAGE>
                                     -81-

<TABLE>

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 7 - RETIREMENT PLANS (Continued)

<CAPTION>
                                                 Year Ended December 31
                                            --------------------------------
                                           1993           1992           1991
                                          ------         ------         ------
                                                     (In thousands)
<S>                                       <C>            <C>            <C>
Defined-benefit plans:
  Service cost - benefits earned during
    the period                            $  2,900       $  3,200       $  4,300
  Interest cost on projected benefit
    obligation                              10,900         11,200         11,600
  Actual return on plans' assets           (23,500)       (12,300)       (17,600)
  Net amortization and deferral             12,300          1,800          8,600
                                          --------       --------       --------
Net pension cost - defined-benefit plans     2,600          3,900          6,900
Defined-contribution plans                  19,400         14,600          9,400
Other non-U.S. retirement plans                700            300            700
                                          --------       --------       --------
Total pension expense                     $ 22,700       $ 18,800       $ 17,000
                                          ========       ========       ========


The defined-benefit plans' assets consist of equity securities, corporate and
government bonds, and real estate.  Following are assumptions used in 
determining the projected benefit obligation and plans' assets at fair value.  
The measurement dates for these plans were principally September 30.

                                           1993           1992           
                                          ------         ------
Weighted-average discount rate:
  U.S.                                      7.25%          8.25%
  Non-U.S.                                  7.6            8.3
Rates of increase in future compensation:
  U.S.                                      4.0            4.0
  Non-U.S.                                3.0-5.5        4.5-6.5
Long-term rate of return                    10.0          10.0


</TABLE>

<PAGE>
                                     -82-
<TABLE>

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 7 - RETIREMENT PLANS (Continued)


The following table sets forth the funded status and amounts recognized in the
Company's Statement of Financial Position at December 31, 1993 and 1992, for
defined-benefit plans.

<CAPTION>
                                        December 31, 1993       December 31, 1992
                                     ----------------------- -----------------------
                                     Assets     Accumulated    Assets     Accumulated
                                     Exceed      Benefits      Exceed      Benefits
                                   Accumulated    Exceed     Accumulated    Exceed
                                    Benefits      Assets      Benefits      Assets
                                   -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------
                                                     (In thousands)
<S>                                <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
Actuarial present value 
of benefit obligation:
Vested benefit obligation          $107,800     $ 17,800     $ 99,800     $ 17,800
                                   ========     ========     ========     ========

Accumulated benefit obligation     $110,800     $ 18,500     $103,200     $ 18,200
                                   ========     ========     ========     ========

Projected benefit obligation       $128,200     $ 19,400     $124,500     $ 19,100
Plans' assets at fair value         136,300          900      129,500          800
                                   --------     --------     --------     --------
Projected benefit obligation
 (in excess of) less than
 plans' assets                        8,100      (18,500)       5,000      (18,300)
Unrecognized net gain                (9,300)      (1,200)      (6,900)      (2,100)
Unrecognized net
 obligation less amortization         4,400        1,200        5,800        1,300
Unrecognized prior service cost       9,000          700        8,000          800
Adjustment required to
 recognize minimum liability              -         (500)           -         (600)
                                   --------     --------     --------     --------
Net pension asset (liability)
 recognized in the Statement
 of Financial Position             $ 12,200     $(18,300)    $ 11,900     $(18,900)
                                   ========     ========     ========     ========
</TABLE>

<PAGE>
                                         -83-

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 8 - POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS OTHER THAN PENSIONS

The Company and its subsidiaries provide access to benefits under death and
health care plans for most retired U.S. and certain retired non-U.S. employees
and eligible spouses (participants).  Most retirees outside the U.S. are
covered by government-sponsored or retiree-funded programs.  Benefits for U.S.
retirees are generally subject to participant contributions, deductibles, co-
payment provisions and certain other limitations.  The Company has reserved
the right to change these benefit plans as necessary or appropriate, where
permitted by law.  Effective January 1, 1992, changes were made to plans
covering certain retired participants, resulting in a realignment of benefits
and consolidation of certain plans.  Effective January 1, 1993, further
changes were made to certain of these plans, which will affect participants
who retire after January 1, 1995.  

The revised plans recognize that the Company, as the secondary provider to
Medicare, will contribute toward the cost of health care benefits for
participants who are age 65 or older and have at least 10 years of service at
retirement.  The amount of the Company's contribution has been capped but
exceeds the cost of providing access to benefits at current costs.  However,
as medical costs escalate, participants will share the cost of these benefits.

During a transition period, the Company will contribute toward the cost of
health care benefits for participants who retire prior to age 65, providing
they meet certain age and service requirements as of January 1, 1995.  The
amount of the Company's contribution has been capped at the current cost of
providing these benefits.  Those participants not meeting the age and service
requirements will have the option to purchase postretirement benefits at full
cost until becoming eligible for a Company contribution at age 65.

Effective January 1, 1993, the Company discontinued death benefits for most
future retirees.  However, during a transition period, certain participants
who met specified age and service requirements as of January 1, 1993, will be
eligible for limited postretirement death benefits.

The Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 106,
"Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other than Pensions" (FAS
106), effective January 1, 1993.  This standard specifies that the expected
cost of providing postretirement benefits other than pensions be accrued
during the eligible employees' active service periods.  The Company elected to
recognize the transition obligation in the 1993 first quarter as a cumulative
effect to January 1, 1993, of a change in accounting principle resulting in a
non-cash charge to income of $113,229,000 ($70,229,000 after tax, or $2.47 per
share for the year).  In addition to the cumulative effect of change in
accounting, the Company's 1993 postretirement benefit cost increased
$6,800,000 from what it would have been had the change in accounting not been
made, decreasing income before cumulative effect of accounting change for the
year ended December 31, 1993, by $4,200,000, or $.15 per share.  The cost of
retiree health care and death benefits recognized as expense when claims were
incurred was $5,000,000 in each of the years 1992 and 1991.


<PAGE>
                                     -84-

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 8 - POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS OTHER THAN PENSIONS (Continued)


Postretirement benefit cost for the year ended December 31, 1993, is as
follows (in thousands):

Service cost - benefits earned during the period             $  3,121
Interest cost on accumulated postretirement
 benefit obligation                                             9,093
                                                             ---------
                                                             $ 12,214
                                                             =========


The Company's postretirement benefit plans are not funded.  The status of the
plans at December 31, 1993, (based on measurement of the accumulated
postretirement benefit obligation at September 30) is as follows (in
thousands):

Accumulated postretirement benefit obligation:
  Retirees                                                   $ 67,673
  Plans' participants fully eligible to receive benefits       14,368
  Other active plan participants                               28,566
                                                             ---------
                                                              110,607
Unrecognized prior service cost                                 3,859
Unrecognized net gain                                           5,592
                                                             --------
Accrued postretirement benefits other than pensions          $120,058
                                                             ========

The assumed discount rates used in determining the accumulated postretirement
benefit obligation at January 1, 1993, and December 31, 1993, were 8.25
percent and 7.25 percent, respectively.  The assumed health care cost trend
rates used to measure the expected cost of benefits covered by these plans are
10.6 percent and 7.7 percent in 1994 for pre-age 65 and post-age 65
participants, respectively.  These rates were assumed to decline gradually to
5.25 percent through the year 2008 and remain at that level thereafter.  A
one-percentage- point increase in the assumed health care cost trend rates
would increase the annual postretirement benefit cost by $1,175,000 and the
accumulated postretirement obligation as of September 30, 1993, by $8,900,000.



<PAGE>
                                     -85-

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 9 - LEASES

The Company and its subsidiaries lease a variety of real property and
equipment used in operations.  Rent expense under operating leases amounted to
approximately $22,470,000, $23,960,000 and $25,110,000 for 1993, 1992 and
1991, respectively.

Future minimum rental payments required under operating leases that have
initial or remaining non-cancelable lease terms in excess of one year as of
December 31, 1993, are as follows (in thousands):

      1994                          $ 15,600
      1995                            13,600
      1996                            10,500
      1997                             8,800
      1998                             7,500
      Thereafter                      32,600
                                    --------
                                    $ 88,600
                                    ========


NOTE 10 - FORWARD EXCHANGE CONTRACTS

The Company enters into forward exchange contracts to hedge the exposed net
asset positions of certain non-U.S. subsidiaries.  Gains and losses on these
contracts are deferred in the currency translation adjustments component of
shareholders' equity.  The Company also enters into forward exchange contracts
to hedge against rate fluctuations on future purchases denominated in
currencies other than the functional currencies of the originating
subsidiaries.  Gains and losses on these contracts are included in income in
the periods the exchange rates change.  The forward exchange contracts are
written with major international financial institutions.  The Company's risk
in these transactions is limited to the cost of replacing the contracts at
current market rates in the event of non-performance by the counterparties. 
The Company believes its risk of loss is remote, and any losses incurred would
not be material.  At December 31, 1993, the Company had approximately
$49,000,000 of forward exchange contracts outstanding, of which $42,000,000
relates to hedges of exposed net assets.

NOTE 11 - SPECIAL CHARGES AND OTHER TRANSACTIONS

In 1993, the Company recorded a special charge of $26,000,000 for severance
and other personnel-related costs associated with worldwide work force
reductions, primarily focusing on the Company's industrial operations in
Europe.  This special charge increased the net loss for the year ended
December 31, 1993, by $18,200,000, or $.64 per share.  Also in 1993, the
Company recorded a charge in Other - net of $7,000,000 ($4,700,000 after tax,
or $.17 per share) to provide for unsuccessfully contested prior years' value-
added taxes in Brazil.



<PAGE>
                                     -86-

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 11 - SPECIAL CHARGES AND OTHER TRANSACTIONS - Continued


In 1991, the Company recorded a special charge of $166,400,000 for the write-
off of certain intangibles and other charges.  The write-off of intangibles,
primarily goodwill, amounted to $105,300,000.  Other charges totaling
$61,100,000 consisted of write-downs to anticipated sales prices for certain
properties included in the 1989 provision for restructuring, as well as
provisions for new initiatives for additional facility closures and personnel
reductions.  The special charge increased the net loss for 1991 by
$156,400,000, or $5.54 per share.

Also in 1991, the Company recognized a gain in Other - net of $2,300,000
($1,400,000 after tax, or $.05 per share) from settlement of outstanding
litigation associated with the purchase and installation of automated factory
equipment at one of the Company's production facilities.


NOTE 12 - CAPITAL STOCK AND EMPLOYEE STOCK OPTIONS

The Company has 4,000,000 shares of serial preferred stock authorized, of
which no shares were outstanding at December 31, 1993 or 1992.  At December
31, 1993, the Company had 3,596,554 shares of common stock reserved for
issuance in connection with its stock option plans and conversion of its 6
percent convertible subordinated debentures.

The Company has rights outstanding as set forth in a Rights Agreement, whereby
holders of common stock have one right for each share of common stock
outstanding.  When exercisable, each right entitles its holder to buy one one-
hundredth of a new preferred share for $125.  If a person or group acquires 20
percent or more of the Company's outstanding common stock without complying
with the Ohio Control Share Acquisition Act, or engages in certain self-
dealing transactions, holders of rights will be entitled to purchase (a)
common stock of the Company at one-half the market price, or (b) shares of an
acquiring company at one-half the market price, depending upon the
circumstances of the transaction.  The Company may redeem the rights at a
price of $.01 per right at any time prior to the rights becoming exercisable. 
The rights will expire in 1999.

Key employees of the Company and its subsidiaries are eligible to participate
in the TRINOVA Corporation 1987 Stock Option Plan (the "Stock Option Plan"). 
Under the Stock Option Plan, options for the Company's common stock are
granted to participants as approved by the Company's Board of Directors (the
"Board").  Options are granted at prices not less than the fair market value
at date of grant, become exercisable after one year, expire 10 years after
date of grant and may be exercised without limitation as to number in any one
year.  Options granted may be incentive stock options or non-qualified
options.  In addition, the Board may grant options which do not require the
payment of any option price, but which call for the transfer of shares to the
optionee subject to forfeiture if conditions prescribed by the Board are not 

<PAGE>
                                     -87-

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 12 - CAPITAL STOCK AND EMPLOYEE STOCK OPTIONS (Continued)


satisfied.  Options are subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain
events, including stock splits and stock dividends.  Stock appreciation rights
("SARs") may be granted in connection with options.  No SARs were outstanding
at December 31, 1993.

At December 31, 1993, options were outstanding with expiration dates ranging
to May 27, 2003, to purchase 1,271,892 shares of common stock at a weighted-
average exercise price of $27.34 per share.

The following table summarizes stock options for the years 1993 and 1992.

<TABLE>

<CAPTION>
                                    1993                        1992
                        --------------------------    --------------------------
                           Option      Range of          Option      Range of 
                           Shares    Option Prices       Shares    Option Prices
                        -----------  -------------    -----------  -------------
<S>                     <C>         <C>               <C>         <C>
Outstanding at
January 1               1,546,739   $14.17 to $32.81  1,428,039   $10.21 to $32.81
Granted                   278,000              29.38    289,000    22.63 to  26.25
Exercised                (468,897)   14.17 to  29.25    (17,650)   10.21 to  22.50
Expired or canceled       (83,950)   22.50 to  29.38   (152,650)   10.21 to  32.81
Outstanding at 
 December 31            1,271,892    14.17 to  32.81  1,546,739    14.17 to  32.81
Exercisable at
 December 31            1,007,892    14.17 to  32.81  1,262,739    14.17 to  32.81
Available for future
 grant at December 31     419,900                       613,950

</TABLE>

NOTE 13 - BUSINESS SEGMENTS

TRINOVA is a world leader in the manufacture and distribution of engineered
components and systems for industry, sold through its companies, Aeroquip and
Vickers, to the industrial, automotive, and aerospace and defense markets.

The industrial business serves original equipment and aftermarket customers in
various worldwide markets including construction, mining, logging and farm
equipment; machine tool; process industries; electrical machinery; air
conditioning/refrigeration; appliances and communications equipment;
electronics; lift truck; material handling; plant maintenance; and housing and
commercial construction.

The automotive business serves worldwide automobile, light truck and van
manufacturers.



<PAGE>
                                     -88-

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 13 - BUSINESS SEGMENTS (Continued)



The aerospace & defense business serves original equipment and aftermarket
customers in worldwide commercial aerospace and military markets including
commercial aircraft, air defense, cargo handling, combat and support vehicles,
commuter aircraft, engines, marine, military aircraft, military weaponry,
missiles and naval machinery.

Products include fluid connectors, pumps, hydraulic and electric motors,
electric drives, cylinders, hydraulic and electronic controls, filters and
fluid-evaluation services, and a wide variety of custom-engineered molded
automotive and industrial plastic products.

Operating income (loss) is net sales less operating expenses.  Operating
expenses include cost of products sold, selling and general administrative
expenses, and engineering, research and development expenses.  For 1993,
operating expenses include a special charge amounting to $26,000,000,
allocated $19,200,000 to industrial, $2,600,000 to automotive, $3,600,000 to
aerospace & defense and $600,000 to corporate.  For 1991, operating expenses
include a special charge amounting to $166,400,000, allocated $88,100,000 to
industrial, $47,800,000 to automotive and $30,500,000 to aerospace & defense. 
Identifiable assets by business segment include all assets directly identified
with those operations.  Corporate assets consist of cash, receivables,
properties, deferred income taxes and deferred charges.  



<PAGE>

                                            -89-
<TABLE>

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 13 - BUSINESS SEGMENTS (Continued)

The following data relate to business segments:

<CAPTION>
                                                                  Depreciation
                                         Operating     Identi-         and
                                          Income       fiable     Amortization   Capital
                            Net Sales     (Loss)       Assets       Expense    Expenditures
                           -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------
                                                     (In thousands)
<S>                        <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
1993
Industrial                 $  864,590   $   17,118   $  477,182   $   31,860   $   29,115
Automotive                    452,637       45,724      203,725       17,547       14,705
Aerospace & Defense           326,614       26,016      189,050       11,785       10,724
                           ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
                           $1,643,841       88,858      869,957       61,192       54,544
                           ==========
Corporate                                  (19,966)      64,655        1,826          584
Investments in 
affiliates                                       -       37,589            -            -
                                        ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
                                        $   68,892   $  972,201   $   63,018   $   55,128
                                        ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========

1992
Industrial                 $  902,794   $   16,733   $  551,367   $   33,145   $   30,374
Automotive                    415,387       32,291      193,549       15,555       12,178
Aerospace & Defense           377,331       29,756      199,063       12,910        8,915
                           ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
                           $1,695,512       78,780      943,979       61,610       51,467
                           ==========
Corporate                                  (19,800)      35,891        1,591          811
Investments in 
affiliates                                       -       37,519            -            -
                                        ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
                                        $   58,980   $1,017,389   $   63,201   $   52,278
                                        ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========

1991
Industrial                 $  883,962   $  (96,313)  $  579,706   $   33,248   $   61,956
Automotive                    358,637      (43,822)     196,787       16,471       12,133
Aerospace & Defense           438,613        4,524      229,525       16,314       11,872
                           ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
                           $1,681,212     (135,611)   1,006,018       66,033       85,961
                           ==========
Corporate                                  (20,265)      28,017        1,736          405
Investments in 
affiliates                                       -       36,316            -            -
                                        ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
                                        $ (155,876)  $1,070,351   $   67,769   $   86,366
                                        ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
                                            -90-

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 14 - NON-U.S. OPERATIONS

U.S. sales include export sales to unaffiliated non-U.S. customers of
$81,650,000, $71,707,000 and $65,917,000 in 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively. 
Currency exchange losses charged to non-operating income amounted to
$16,398,000, $8,442,000 and $10,172,000 in 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively. 
The exchange losses principally result from translation of financial
statements for the Company's operations in Brazil and are due, in part, to
funds which have been invested.  The currency exchange losses were partially
offset by investment income.  

The following summary of financial data pertains to the Company and its non-
U.S. operations.  The geographic groupings of non-U.S. operations have been
based on similarities of business environments and geographic proximity.

<TABLE>

<CAPTION>

                            United                                Elimina-     Consoli-
                            States       Europe        Other       tions        dated
                           ---------    ---------    ---------    ---------    ---------
                                                  (In thousands)
<S>                        <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
1993
Net sales                  $1,041,016   $  486,829   $  115,996   $        -   $1,643,841
Operating income (loss)(a)     55,051         (876)      14,717            -       68,892
Identifiable assets           683,478      325,757       69,339      143,962      934,612
Total assets                  721,480      325,757       69,339      144,375      972,201
Total liabilities             683,449      103,406       (1,139)      66,747      718,969

(a) Includes special
charge amounting to:          (10,775)     (15,125)        (100)           -      (26,000)

1992
Net sales                  $1,009,052   $  578,464   $  107,996   $        -   $1,695,512
Operating income               33,822       15,399        9,759            -       58,980
Identifiable assets           658,879      368,117       73,933      121,061      979,868
Total assets                  697,257      368,117       73,933      121,918    1,017,389
Total liabilities             506,900      219,247        2,069       63,687      664,529


1991
Net sales                  $1,041,718   $  526,213   $  113,281   $       -    $1,681,212
Operating income           
 (loss) (b)                   (67,164)     (92,228)       3,516           -      (155,876)
Identifiable assets           665,293      401,614       78,812     111,684     1,034,035
Total assets                  703,340      401,614       78,812     113,415     1,070,351
Total liabilities             487,685      259,477       12,889      64,347       695,704

(b) Includes special
charge amounting to:          (79,654)     (82,482)      (4,264)          -      (166,400)

</TABLE>

<PAGE>
                                            -91-

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 15 - OTHER INFORMATION 


                                                           December 31
                                                     -----------------------
                                                        1993         1992
                                                     ----------   ----------
                                                          (In thousands)

Receivables
Receivables                                          $ 213,877    $ 216,555
Less allowance for doubtful accounts                    13,537       13,705
                                                     ---------    ---------
                                                     $ 200,340    $ 202,850
                                                     =========    =========

Inventories
In-process and finished products                     $ 172,964    $ 217,865
Raw materials and manufacturing supplies                39,382       50,163
                                                     ---------    ---------
                                                     $ 212,346    $ 268,028
                                                     =========    =========

Other Current Assets
Deferred income taxes                                $  19,287    $  20,421
Prepaid expenses and other current assets               34,724       29,167
                                                     ---------    ---------
                                                     $  54,011    $  49,588
                                                     =========    =========

Plants and Properties - at Cost
Land and improvements                                $  20,729    $  22,644
Buildings                                              182,054      190,458
Machinery and equipment                                591,219      582,977
Construction in progress                                32,098       30,677
                                                     ---------    ---------
                                                     $ 826,100    $ 826,756
                                                     =========    =========


<PAGE>
                                         -92-

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 15 - OTHER INFORMATION - Continued


                                                           December 31
                                                     -----------------------
                                                        1993         1992
                                                     ----------   ----------
                                                          (In thousands)

Other Assets
Investments in and advances to affiliates            $  37,589    $  37,519
Deferred income taxes                                   29,672            -
Receivables, deposits and other assets                  21,291       17,381
Other                                                    9,599       10,211
                                                     ---------    ---------
                                                     $  98,151    $  65,111
                                                     =========    =========

Notes Payable
Short-term notes payable to banks                    $  60,539    $  73,853
Commercial paper                                             -       35,696
                                                     ---------    ---------
                                                     $  60,539    $ 109,549
                                                     =========    =========

Other Accrued Liabilities
Employees' compensation and amounts
  withheld therefrom                                 $  51,130    $  49,770
Restructuring                                            9,192        8,246
Taxes, other than income taxes                          11,671        8,429
Other accrued liabilities                               79,476       75,462
                                                     ---------    ---------
                                                     $ 151,469    $ 141,907
                                                     =========    =========


<PAGE>
                                         -93-


INVESTOR INFORMATION


Stock Exchanges

TRINOVA's common stock is traded on the New York, Midwest and Pacific Stock
Exchanges, and on the London and Frankfurt Stock Exchanges.  TRINOVA's NYSE
ticker symbol is TNV.      

TRINOVA's 6 percent convertible subordinated debentures are listed on the
Luxembourg Stock Exchange.


Stock Ownership

On December 31, 1993, there were 12,164 record holders of TRINOVA's common
stock.  Although exact information is unavailable, TRINOVA estimates there are
approximately 9,500 additional beneficial owners, based upon the 1993 proxy
solicitation.


Dividend Information

Cash dividends have been paid without interruption on common stock since 1933. 
The payment of dividends is subject to restrictions described in Note 4 of
Notes to Financial Statements.


Quarterly Common Stock Information

                              1993                            1992
                                                                               

Quarter Ended      High      Low        Close      High      Low      Close

March 31           28.25     21.        26.50      25.25     19.25    23.25
June 30            31.88     24.50      31.38      26.75     21.13    22.75
September 30       31.50     26.88      26.88      25.25     21.63    22.63
December 31        33.75     25.50      31.38      22.88     20.25    21.38


Dividend Payments per Share of Common Stock

                              1993                  1992

March                        $  .17                $  .17
June                            .17                   .17
September                       .17                   .17
December                        .17                   .17
                             $  .68                $  .68



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 21
<TEXT>


                                     -94-


EXHIBIT (21)

                              TRINOVA CORPORATION
                        SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT


The assets and business of all subsidiaries listed below are included in the
1993 consolidated financial statements of the Registrant.  In addition to
those named, 1 U.S. and 13 non-U.S. consolidated subsidiaries and 6 affiliated
companies that are accounted for by the cost and/or equity methods are not
disclosed.  The undisclosed subsidiaries and affiliated companies in the
aggregate do not constitute a significant subsidiary.

                                      Incorporated or        Percent of
                                        Organized -       Voting Securities
            Company                  State or Country           Owned
- ----------------------------------  ------------------    -----------------

TRINOVA Corporation                    Ohio                    Registrant

SUBSIDIARIES OF REGISTRANT
Aeroquip Corporation                   Michigan                   100
Aeroquip International Inc.            Delaware                   100
Sterer Engineering & Manufacturing Co. California                 100
Vickers, Incorporated                  Delaware                   100
Vickers International Inc.             Delaware                   100

Aeroquip A.G.                          Switzerland                100
Aeroquip Iberica S.A.                  Spain                      100
Aeroquip Inoac Co.                     Michigan                    51
Aeroquip Singapore Private Limited     Singapore                  100
Aeroquip-Sterling GmbH                 Germany                    100


Sterling Engineered Products Inc.      Delaware                   100
TRINOVA do Brasil, S/A                 Brazil                     99.5
TRINOVA Canada Inc.                    Canada                     100
TRINOVA GmbH                           Germany                    100
TRINOVA Export Trading Company         Virgin Islands             100

TRINOVA Limited                        United Kingdom             100
TRINOVA S.A.                           France                     100
TRINOVA S.p.a.                         Italy                      100
Vickers Systems Limited                Hong Kong                  100
Vickers Systems Limited                New Zealand                100

Vickers Systems Pty. Ltd.              Australia                  100
Vickers Systems S.A.                   Spain                      100
Vickers Systems Sdn. Bhd.              Malaysia                   100
Vickers Systems OY                     Finland                    100
Vickers Systems Private Limited        Singapore                  100


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>8
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 23-1
<TEXT>

                                     -95-


EXHIBIT (23)-1






                        CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS






      We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Annual Report (Form
10-K) of TRINOVA Corporation for the year ended December 31, 1993, of our
report dated January 26, 1994, included in Exhibit 13 to Form 10-K.

      Our audits also included the financial statement schedules of TRINOVA
Corporation listed in Item 14(a)(2).  These schedules are the responsibility
of the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion
based on our audits.  In our opinion, the financial statement schedules
referred to above, when considered in relation to the basic financial
statements taken as a whole, present fairly in all material respects the
information set forth therein.



                                                  



                                          /S/ ERNST & YOUNG




Toledo, Ohio
March 18, 1994 


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>9
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 23-2
<TEXT>


                                     -96-


EXHIBIT (23)-2





                       CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 






      We consent to the incorporation by reference in Post-Effective Amendment
No. 1 to Registration Statement No. 33-9127 on Form S-3 dated August 28, 1987,
Registration Statement No. 33-19555 on Form S-3 dated January 15, 1988,
Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement No. 33-14682 on Form
S-8 dated April 28, 1989, Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to Registration
Statement No. 33-17871 on Form S-8 dated April 28, 1989, Registration
Statement No. 33-28638 on Form S-8 dated May 10, 1989, Registration Statement
No. 33-31601 on Form S-8 dated October 20, 1989, Registration Statement No.
33-41840 on Form S-8 dated July 26, 1991, and Registration Statement No. 33-
41841 on Form S-8 dated July 26, 1991, of our report dated January 26, 1994
with respect to the financial statements and schedules of TRINOVA Corporation
included or incorporated by reference in the Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the
year ended December 31, 1993.







                                          /S/ ERNST & YOUNG 




Toledo, Ohio 
March 18, 1994



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-24
<SEQUENCE>10
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 24
<TEXT>


                                     -97-


EXHIBIT (24)





                                  DIRECTOR OF
                              TRINOVA CORPORATION


                          ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K

                               POWER OF ATTORNEY






            KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that the undersigned director of
TRINOVA Corporation, an Ohio corporation ("TRINOVA"), does hereby constitute
and appoint Darryl F. Allen, James E. Kline and William R. Ammann, and each of
them, a true and lawful attorney in his name, place and stead, in any and all
capacities, to sign his name to TRINOVA's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 1993, and any and all amendments to such Form 10-K,
and to cause the same to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
granting unto said attorneys and each of them full power and authority to do
and perform any act and thing necessary and proper to be done in the premises,
as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned could do if personally
present, and the undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that said
attorneys or any one of them shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue
hereof.


            IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of
Attorney on this 24th day of February, 1994.






                                      /S/ PURDY CRAWFORD
                                      Purdy Crawford
                                      Director




cjk/wp


<PAGE>
                                     -98-






                                  DIRECTOR OF
                              TRINOVA CORPORATION


                          ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K

                               POWER OF ATTORNEY






            KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that the undersigned director of
TRINOVA Corporation, an Ohio corporation ("TRINOVA"), does hereby constitute
and appoint Darryl F. Allen, James E. Kline and William R. Ammann, and each of
them, a true and lawful attorney in his name, place and stead, in any and all
capacities, to sign his name to TRINOVA's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 1993, and any and all amendments to such Form 10-K,
and to cause the same to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
granting unto said attorneys and each of them full power and authority to do
and perform any act and thing necessary and proper to be done in the premises,
as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned could do if personally
present, and the undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that said
attorneys or any one of them shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue
hereof.


            IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of
Attorney on this 24th day of February, 1994.






                                      /S/ DELMONT A. DAVIS
                                      Delmont A. Davis
                                      Director




cjk/wp


<PAGE>
                                     -99-






                                  DIRECTOR OF
                              TRINOVA CORPORATION


                          ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K

                               POWER OF ATTORNEY






            KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that the undersigned director of
TRINOVA Corporation, an Ohio corporation ("TRINOVA"), does hereby constitute
and appoint Darryl F. Allen, James E. Kline and William R. Ammann, and each of
them, a true and lawful attorney in his name, place and stead, in any and all
capacities, to sign his name to TRINOVA's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 1993, and any and all amendments to such Form 10-K,
and to cause the same to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
granting unto said attorneys and each of them full power and authority to do
and perform any act and thing necessary and proper to be done in the premises,
as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned could do if personally
present, and the undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that said
attorneys or any one of them shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue
hereof.


            IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of
Attorney on this 24th day of February, 1994.






                                      /S/ DAVID R. GOODE
                                      David R. Goode
                                      Director




cjk/wp


<PAGE>
                                     -100-






                                  DIRECTOR OF
                              TRINOVA CORPORATION


                          ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K

                               POWER OF ATTORNEY






            KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that the undersigned director of
TRINOVA Corporation, an Ohio corporation ("TRINOVA"), does hereby constitute
and appoint Darryl F. Allen, James E. Kline and William R. Ammann, and each of
them, a true and lawful attorney in his name, place and stead, in any and all
capacities, to sign his name to TRINOVA's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 1993, and any and all amendments to such Form 10-K,
and to cause the same to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
granting unto said attorneys and each of them full power and authority to do
and perform any act and thing necessary and proper to be done in the premises,
as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned could do if personally
present, and the undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that said
attorneys or any one of them shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue
hereof.


            IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of
Attorney on this 24th day of February, 1994.






                                      /S/ PAUL A. ORMOND
                                      Paul A. Ormond
                                      Director




cjk/wp


<PAGE>
                                     -101-






                                  DIRECTOR OF
                              TRINOVA CORPORATION


                          ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K

                               POWER OF ATTORNEY






            KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that the undersigned director of
TRINOVA Corporation, an Ohio corporation ("TRINOVA"), does hereby constitute
and appoint Darryl F. Allen, James E. Kline and William R. Ammann, and each of
them, a true and lawful attorney in his name, place and stead, in any and all
capacities, to sign his name to TRINOVA's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 1993, and any and all amendments to such Form 10-K,
and to cause the same to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
granting unto said attorneys and each of them full power and authority to do
and perform any act and thing necessary and proper to be done in the premises,
as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned could do if personally
present, and the undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that said
attorneys or any one of them shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue
hereof.


            IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of
Attorney on this 24th day of February, 1994.






                                      /S/ JOHN P. REILLY
                                      John P. Reilly
                                      Director




cjk/wp


<PAGE>
                                     -102-






                                  DIRECTOR OF
                              TRINOVA CORPORATION


                          ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K

                               POWER OF ATTORNEY






            KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that the undersigned director of
TRINOVA Corporation, an Ohio corporation ("TRINOVA"), does hereby constitute
and appoint Darryl F. Allen, James E. Kline and William R. Ammann, and each of
them, a true and lawful attorney in his name, place and stead, in any and all
capacities, to sign his name to TRINOVA's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 1993, and any and all amendments to such Form 10-K,
and to cause the same to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
granting unto said attorneys and each of them full power and authority to do
and perform any act and thing necessary and proper to be done in the premises,
as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned could do if personally
present, and the undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that said
attorneys or any one of them shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue
hereof.


            IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of
Attorney on this 24th day of February, 1994.






                                      /S/ ROBERT H. SPILMAN
                                      Robert H. Spilman
                                      Director




cjk/wp


<PAGE>
                                     -103-






                                  DIRECTOR OF
                              TRINOVA CORPORATION


                          ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K

                               POWER OF ATTORNEY






            KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that the undersigned director of
TRINOVA Corporation, an Ohio corporation ("TRINOVA"), does hereby constitute
and appoint Darryl F. Allen, James E. Kline and William R. Ammann, and each of
them, a true and lawful attorney in his name, place and stead, in any and all
capacities, to sign his name to TRINOVA's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 1993, and any and all amendments to such Form 10-K,
and to cause the same to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
granting unto said attorneys and each of them full power and authority to do
and perform any act and thing necessary and proper to be done in the premises,
as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned could do if personally
present, and the undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that said
attorneys or any one of them shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue
hereof.


            IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of
Attorney on this 24th day of February, 1994.






                                      /S/ WILLIAM R. TIMKEN, JR.
                                      William R. Timken, Jr.
                                      Director




cjk/wp

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>11
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99I
<TEXT>


                                     -104-


EXHIBIT (99(i))


                              TRINOVA CORPORATION
                      DIRECTORS' CHARITABLE AWARD PROGRAM


1.    PURPOSE OF THE PROGRAM

      The TRINOVA Corporation Directors' Charitable Award Program (the
      "Program") allows each Director of TRINOVA Corporation ("TRINOVA") to
      recommend that TRINOVA make a donation of up to $900,000 to the eligible
      tax-exempt organization(s) (the "Donee(s)") selected by the Director,
      with the donation to be made, in the Director's name, in nine equal
      annual installments, with the first installment to be made after the
      Director's death.  Also, the Program provides for TRINOVA make a
      $100,000 donation to the TRINOVA Foundation (the "Foundation") in the
      name of the Director, with such donation to be made sometime after the
      Director's death.  The purpose of the Program is to attract and retain
      highly qualified individuals to serve as Directors, to recognize the
      interest of TRINOVA and its Directors in supporting worthy educational
      institutions and other charitable organizations, and to provide an
      additional method of funding for the Foundation.

2.    RECOMMENDATION OF DONATION

      Any Director may make a written recommendation to TRINOVA, on a form
      approved by TRINOVA for this purpose, identifying the Donee(s) which he
      or she recommends as the recipient(s) of the TRINOVA donation to be made
      in his or her name.  A Director may revise or revoke any such
      recommendation prior to his or her death by signing a new recommendation
      form and submitting it to TRINOVA.  No recommendation will be considered
      unless the Director has completed five years of service on the Board of
      Directors, or unless the Director dies or becomes disabled while serving
      on the Board.

3.    AMOUNT AND TIMING OF DONATION

      Each Director may choose one organization to be considered for a TRINOVA
      donation of $900,000, or up to nine organizations to be considered for
      donations aggregating $900,000. Each recommended organization must be
      recommended to receive a donation of at least $100,000.  Each donation
      will be made by TRINOVA in nine equal installments, with the first
      installment to be made after the Director's death.  Each annual
      installment payment will be divided among the recommended organizations
      in the same proportions as the total donation amount has been allocated
      among the organizations by the Director.  Each $100,000 donation to the
      Foundation made in a Director's name will be made by TRINOVA after it
      receives the life insurance policy death benefits from any life
      insurance policy acquired by TRINOVA on the Director's life in
      connection with the Program.  If there is no such policy, the Foundation
      donation will be considered by TRINOVA no later than ten years after the
      Director's death.



<PAGE>
                                     -105-


4.    DONEES

      In order to be eligible to receive a donation, a recommended
      organization must initially, and at the time a donation is to be made,
      qualify to receive tax-deductible donations under Section 501(c)(3) of
      the Internal Revenue Code and be compatible with the TRINOVA Foundation
      and Direct Giving Contributions Policy, which, for purposes of the
      Program, has been extended to include secondary schools.  Prior to
      payment of the first installment, each donation must be considered and
      approved by the Organization and Compensation Committee of TRINOVA's
      Board of Directors (the "Committee"). It is the intention of the Program
      that a recommendation will be approved unless the Committee determines
      that a donation to the organization would be detrimental to the best
      interests of TRINOVA.  A Director's private foundation is not eligible
      to receive donations under the Program.  If a recommended organization
      ceases to qualify as a Donee, and if the participant dies before
      changing his or her recommendation, the amount recommended to be donated
      to such organizations (or any installments then remaining unpaid) may
      instead be donated to the Foundation.


5.    FUNDING AND PROGRAM ASSETS

      TRINOVA may fund the Program or it may choose not to fund the Program. 
      If TRINOVA elects to fund the Program in any manner, neither the
      Directors nor their recommended Donee(s) shall have any rights or
      interests in any assets of TRINOVA identified for such purpose.  Nothing
      contained in the Program shall create, or be deemed to create, a trust,
      actual or constructive, for the benefit of a Director or any Donee
      recommended by a Director to receive a donation, or shall give, or be
      deemed to give, any Director or recommended Donee any interest in any
      assets of the Program or TRINOVA.  If TRINOVA elects to fund the Program
      through life insurance policies, a participating Director agrees to
      cooperate and fulfill the enrollment requirements necessary to obtain
      insurance on his or her life.

6.    AMENDMENT OR TERMINATION

      The Board of Directors of TRINOVA may, at any time, without the consent
      of the Directors participating in the Program, amend, suspend, or
      terminate the Program, either prospectively or retroactively; provided,
      however, in the event of a "Change of Control", the Program may not be
      amended or terminated without the consent of the Board of Directors in
      office immediately preceding the "Change of Control", and TRINOVA will
      immediately pay all additional premiums necessary to support any
      insurance policies purchased in connection with the Program (for the
      entire term of the policies), and place the policies, together with any
      additional funds needed to fund the anticipated Program donations, into
      a trust administered by an independent trustee.  For the purpose of this
      Program, "Change in Control" will be as defined in TRINOVA's Change in
      Control Agreement with its most senior executive officer, as amended
      from time to time.


<PAGE>
                                     -106-


7.    ADMINISTRATION

      The Program shall be administered by the Committee.  The Committee shall
      have plenary authority in its discretion, but subject to the provision
      of the Program, to prescribe, amend, and rescind rules, regulations and
      procedures relating to the Program.  The determinations of the Committee
      on the foregoing matters shall be conclusive and binding on all
      interested parties.

8.    GOVERNING LAW

      The Program shall be construed and enforced according to the internal
      substantive laws of the State of Ohio, and all provisions thereof shall
      be administered according to the laws of said state.



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
