-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 TghGhrjUBDmgIMuG9XFSmu1ng/W4pNjKcqIlLhEyBqgYfDrCLxZHhy84pxJhxNGf
 GXnCVuL9LSswEgl+LD69Yg==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000950131-95-000626.txt : 19950615
<IMS-HEADER>0000950131-95-000626.hdr.sgml : 19950615
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950131-95-000626
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		12
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19941231
FILED AS OF DATE:		19950317
SROS:			MSE
SROS:			NYSE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WHIRLPOOL CORP /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000106640
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HOUSEHOLD APPLIANCES [3630]
		IRS NUMBER:				381490038
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-03932
		FILM NUMBER:		95521579

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		WHIRLPOOL CNTR 2000 M-63
		STREET 2:		C/O CORPORATE SECRETARY
		CITY:			BENTON HARBOR
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			49022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6169265000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		WHIRLPOOL CTR 2000 M-63
		STREET 2:		C/O CORPORATE SECRETARY
		CITY:			CENTON HARBOR
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			49022

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WHIRLPOOL SEEGER CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19710824
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
 
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
 
                                   FORM 10-K
 
              ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE
                 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 [FEE REQUIRED]
 
                  For the fiscal year ended December 31, 1994
 
                                       OR
 
            TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE
               SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 [NO FEE REQUIRED]
 
                         COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 1-3932
 
                             WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION
             (EXACT NAME OF REGISTRANT AS SPECIFIED IN ITS CHARTER)
 
                DELAWARE                               38-1490038
        (STATE OF INCORPORATION)          (I.R.S. EMPLOYER IDENTIFICATION NO.)
 
2000 NORTH M-63, BENTON HARBOR, MICHIGAN               49022-2692
    (ADDRESS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE                    (ZIP CODE)
                OFFICES)
 
       REGISTRANT'S TELEPHONE NUMBER, INCLUDING AREA CODE (616) 923-5000
 
SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(B) OF THE ACT:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        NAME OF EACH EXCHANGE
                                                                 ON
               TITLE OF CLASS                             WHICH REGISTERED
               --------------                           ---------------------
   <S>                                                 <C>
   Common stock, par value $1.00 per share             Chicago Stock Exchange
                                                       New York Stock Exchange
   Liquid Yield Option Notes due 2011                  New York Stock Exchange
</TABLE>
 
SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(G) OF THE ACT:
 
                                      NONE
 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months, and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  X  No      .
 
  Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to
the best of the registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K, or any
amendment to this Form 10-K    .
 
  The aggregate market value of the voting stock of the registrant held by
stockholders [not including voting stock held by directors and elected officers
of the registrant and certain employee plans of the registrant (the exclusion
of such shares shall not be deemed an admission by the registrant that any such
person is an affiliate of the registrant)] on March 3, 1995, was
$3,875,448,476.
 
  On March 3, 1995, the registrant had 74,163,512 shares of common stock
outstanding.
 
                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
 
  Portions of the following documents are incorporated herein by reference into
the Part of the Form 10-K indicated:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              PART OF FORM 10-K INTO
                            DOCUMENT                            WHICH INCORPORATED
                            --------                          ----------------------
   <S>                                                        <C>
   The Company's annual report to stockholders for the year
    ended December 31, 1994                                     Parts I, II and IV
   The Company's proxy statement for the 1995 annual meeting
    of stockholders (SEC File No. 1-3932)                            Part III
</TABLE>
 
                           EXHIBIT INDEX ON PAGE: **
 
                           TOTAL NUMBER OF PAGES: ***
 
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<PAGE>
 
                                     PART I
 
ITEM 1. BUSINESS.
 
                                    GENERAL
 
  Whirlpool Corporation, the leading worldwide manufacturer and marketer of
major home appliances, was incorporated in 1955 under the laws of Delaware as
the successor to a business that traces its origin to 1898. As used herein, and
except where the context otherwise requires, the term "Company" includes
Whirlpool Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries. All currency figures
are in U.S. dollars.
 
                              RECENT DEVELOPMENTS
 
RESTRUCTURING
 
  In November 1994, the Company announced a restructuring of its North American
and European operations, resulting in a before tax charge of approximately $240
million. The restructuring, designed to improve efficiency, better integrate
operations and reduce costs, will result in the elimination of approximately
3,200 jobs worldwide. The Company expects to realize annual cost savings of
about $150 million by 1997.
 
  Regarding Whirlpool Europe, B.V. ("WEBV" or "Whirlpool Europe"), the
restructuring is aimed at furthering the Company's pan-European approach to
delivering products and services. The restructuring shifts the organization
from country focused sales, marketing and support functions to a trade channel
focus. The changes are designed to support the two key elements of WEBV's
strategy. The first involves improving efficiency, reducing costs and creating
greater value in the products and services delivered to the marketplace. The
second centers on improving the Company's core business processes aimed at
satisfying trade partners who sell Whirlpool products and the customers who buy
them. The core business processes include product creation, brand management,
trade partner management, logistics and customer service.
 
  A major focus of the restructuring is a new sales organization that will
operate at three levels: a centralized European level, based in Whirlpool
Europe's offices in Italy; an "Area" level involving four groupings of
countries based on similar channel characteristics; and a "local" market level.
The sales organization will also assume responsibility for trade marketing,
which encompasses merchandising, promotions and the creation of unique programs
for trade partners at the European, Area and Local levels. Group Marketing will
continue to be organized by brand and product category on a European level. The
restructuring will result in the loss of about 2,000 jobs.
 
  In North America, the restructuring will result in the loss of approximately
1,200 jobs and the closing of manufacturing facilities in Cambridge, Ontario,
Canada, and Columbia, South Carolina.
 
NORTH AMERICA
 
  In December 1994, the Board of Directors approved a plan to buy back up to
five (5) percent of the Company's outstanding shares of common stock. The
shares may be purchased from time to time via open-market and privately
negotiated transactions. Through February 28, 1995 the Company had repurchased
approximately 965,800 shares.
 
  In September 1994, the Company sold its minority interest in Matsushita Floor
Care Company, a joint venture which manufactures and markets vacuum cleaners in
North America. The sale resulted in cash proceeds of $44 million and a before
tax gain of $26 million.
 
  During 1994, the Company announced several investments designed to expand or
improve its manufacturing capabilities in North America. These investments
included: the construction of a new $100 million range facility in Tulsa,
Oklahoma; an approximate $42 million commitment to redesign the automatic
washer facility in Clyde, Ohio, to allow the manufacture of horizontal axis
washers; and an approximate $12 million investment to construct and equip a new
small appliance manufacturing facility in Greenville, Ohio.
 
                                       1
<PAGE>
 
ASIA
 
  In August 1994, Whirlpool Asia announced a realignment of its organization in
an effort to accelerate execution of its strategic plan. The realignment calls
for four operating regions: the Greater China region, based in Hong Kong, which
includes the Peoples Republic of China and Hong Kong; the South Asia region,
based in New Delhi, which includes India, Pakistan and other surrounding
markets; the North Asia region, based in Tokyo, which includes Japan, Korea,
the Philippines and Taiwan; and the Southeast Asia-Australia region, based in
Singapore.
 
  In December 1994, the Company announced it had reached agreement to acquire
majority interests in two joint ventures in the Peoples Republic of China to
manufacture and market microwave ovens and refrigerators. In the larger of the
two agreements, the Company will spend approximately $90 million to acquire a
majority stake in SMC Microwave Products Co., Ltd. ("SMC"). The transaction
will place the Company among the top five microwave oven producers in the
world. The SMC transaction is expected to receive government approval and close
during late first quarter or early second quarter of 1995.
 
  The other joint venture links the Company with Beijing Snowflake Electric
Appliance Group Corporation ("Beijing Snowflake"), a state-owned enterprise and
the first producer of refrigerators in China. The new joint venture company
will be known as the Beijing Whirlpool Snowflake Electric Appliance Company,
Limited, with the Company investing about $17 million for a 60 percent position
in the venture. This is the first joint venture company for refrigerators
involving a Western partner in China. The Beijing Snowflake transaction
received government approval and closed in December 1994.
 
  In related developments, the Company's Brazilian affiliate, Embraco S.A., has
signed a joint venture agreement with Beijing Snowflake to produce compressors.
Embraco would hold a majority equity position with Whirlpool and Beijing
Snowflake holding minority positions. The Company has also signed a joint
venture agreement for the production of washing machines with the Shanghai
Narcissus Electric Appliance Corp., Ltd., a leading manufacturer of washing
machines. These transactions are expected to receive government approval and
close during late first quarter or early second quarter of 1995.
 
  In August 1994, the Company announced an agreement in principle under which
the Company will purchase the remaining interest of Sundaram-Clayton, Ltd. in
TVS Whirlpool, Ltd. ("TWL"), an automatic washer joint venture based in Madras,
India. The agreement, which is subject to government approval, will raise the
Company's stake in the joint venture to 78 percent. As part of the transaction,
TWL will have the right to use the TVS brand name on washer products for three
years following the closing. The Company assumed controlling interest of TWL
earlier this year through a capital restructuring.
 
  In July 1994, the Company announced it had reached agreement to acquire a
controlling interest in Kelvinator of India, Ltd. (KOI), historically the
largest manufacturer and marketer of refrigerators in India, for approximately
$120 million in cash. The acquisition received government approval and closed
during the first quarter of 1995. As part of the transaction, KOI will have the
right to use the Kelvinator name for a two year phase-out period beginning on
December 29, 1994 on refrigerators, freezers, ice making machines, refrigerated
display cabinets and microwave ovens.
 
LATIN AMERICA
 
  In May 1994, the Brasmotor Group in Brazil merged two of its subsidiaries,
Consul S.A. and Brastemp S.A., both manufacturers of home appliances, into a
new company, Multibras S.A. Electrodomesticos ("Multibras"). The consolidation
has resulted in significant operating efficiencies and better management of
brands and products. Multibras is the leading producer and marketer of major
appliances in Brazil with
 
                                       2
<PAGE>
 
annual sales of $1 billion. The restructuring did not materially affect the
Company's significant, minority equity interest in the Brasmotor Group. The
move did not affect Embraco, a producer of compressors in Brazil and Italy that
is also part of the Brasmotor Group.
 
WHIRLPOOL FINANCIAL CORPORATION
 
  In October 1994, Whirlpool Financial Corporation ("WFC"), a majority owned
subsidiary of the Company, began operating a national credit card bank,
Whirlpool Financial National Bank ("WFNB"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of WFC,
after receiving approval of its charter from the Office of the Comptroller of
Currency and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. WFNB will function
solely as a credit facility for the purpose of issuing consumer credit cards
(private and non-private label) and the related lending for consumer purchases.
 
              FINANCIAL INFORMATION RELATING TO BUSINESS SEGMENTS,
                FOREIGN AND DOMESTIC OPERATIONS AND EXPORT SALES
 
  The Company operates predominantly in the business segments classified as
Major Home Appliances and Financial Services.
 
  During 1994, the Company's U.S. operations sold product into Canada, Mexico,
Latin America, Asia and Europe. However, export sales by the Company's U.S.
operations were less than 10 percent of gross revenues.
 
  For certain other financial information concerning the Company's business
segments and foreign and domestic operations, see Note 15 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company's Annual Report to
Stockholders (the "Annual Report"), which is incorporated herein by reference.
 
                             PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
 
  The Company manufactures and markets a full line of major home appliances and
related products for home and commercial use and provides certain inventory,
consumer and other financial services. The Company's principal products and
financial services are as follows:
 
 Major Home Appliances:
 
    Home laundry appliances: automatic and semi-automatic washers; automatic
  dryers; coin-operated laundry machines; and combination washer-dryer units.
 
    Home refrigeration and room air conditioning equipment: refrigerator-
  freezers; upright and chest freezers; room air conditioners; dehumidifiers;
  and residential, commercial and component ice makers.
 
    Other home appliances, products and services: dishwashers; free-standing
  and set-in ranges; built-in ovens and surface cooking units; microwave
  ovens; countertop cooking units; residential trash compactors; food waste
  disposers; portable appliances; hot water dispensers; water filtration
  products; range hoods; oil radiators; water heaters; component parts,
  replacement parts, repair services and warranty contracts; and product
  kits.
 
 Financial Services:
 
    WFC provides inventory financing services for dealers and distributors
  that market products manufactured by the Company plus other manufacturers
  and consumer financing services for retail sales by dealers. WFC also
  continues to manage down its commercial lending and aerospace financing and
  leasing portfolios.
 
  The Company purchases a portion of its product requirements from other
manufacturers for resale by the Company. The Company purchases all of its
requirements of range hoods, food waste disposers, upright
 
                                       3
<PAGE>
 
and chest freezers (North America), hand mixers and food processors and certain
other miscellaneous products from other manufacturers for resale by the
Company.
 
  For certain information with respect to each class of similar products which
accounted for 10 percent or more of the Company's consolidated revenue in 1994,
1993 and 1992, see Revenue Information in the Annual Report, which is
incorporated herein by reference.
 
  Major home appliances are marketed and distributed in the United States under
the WHIRLPOOL, KITCHENAID, ROPER, ESTATE and COOLERATOR brand names through
Company-owned sales branches primarily to retail dealers and builders.
WHIRLPOOL and ROPER brand name products were also marketed and distributed
indirectly through independent wholesale distributors in some markets. As of
January 1, 1994, the Company assumed responsibility for direct distribution of
all its major home appliances to dealers in the United States. KITCHENAID
portable appliances are sold to retailers either directly or through an
independent representative organization and, in Canada, through independent
agents. The Company sells product to the builder trade both directly and
through contract distributors. Major home appliances are manufactured and/or
distributed in Canada under the INGLIS, ADMIRAL, SPEED QUEEN, WHIRLPOOL,
ESTATE, ROPER and KITCHENAID brand names. Refrigerator-freezers, laundry
products, room air conditioners, residential trash compactors, residential and
component ice makers, cooking products, dishwashers and other products are sold
in limited quantities by the Company to other manufacturers and retailers for
resale in North America under their respective brand names.
 
  The Company has been the principal supplier of home laundry appliances to
Sears, Roebuck and Co. ("Sears") for over 75 years and of room air conditioning
equipment for over 30 years. The Company is also the principal supplier to
Sears of residential trash compactors and a major supplier to Sears of
dishwashers and home refrigeration equipment. The Company also supplies Sears
with certain other products for which the Company is not a principal or major
supplier. Sales of such other products to Sears are not significant to the
Company's business. The Company supplies products to Sears for sale under
Sears' KENMORE and SEARS brand names and products under the Company's WHIRLPOOL
and KITCHENAID brand names. Sales to Sears are made without underlying
merchandise agreements.
 
  In Europe, Whirlpool Europe markets and distributes its major home appliances
through regional networks under a number of brand names. In 1990, Whirlpool
Europe began an estimated $110 million program to introduce the WHIRLPOOL brand
name to the European marketplace and phase out the PHILIPS brand name. The
Company is continuing to fund this successful marketing campaign to further
develop the WHIRLPOOL brand name in Europe. By the end of 1994 the PHILIPS name
had been removed from the product in almost all countries in Europe, including
Eastern Europe. In France, Italy, Spain and Portugal, the complete phase-in of
the WHIRLPOOL brand and the removal of the PHILIPS name, although started in
1994, will not be completed until 1995 to coincide with new product launches.
Whirlpool Europe also markets products under the BAUKNECHT, IGNIS and LADEN
brand names. In most Eastern European countries, products bearing the
WHIRLPOOL, BAUKNECHT and IGNIS brand names are presently sold through
independent distributors. Whirlpool Europe also has company-owned sales
subsidiaries in Hungary, Poland, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, and Greece.
Pursuant to the Company's joint venture agreement with Philips N.V.
("Philips"), except for certain limited exceptions and subject to certain
phase-out provisions, neither Philips nor any subsidiary of Philips may engage
directly or indirectly in the major domestic appliance business anywhere in the
world until January 2, 1999.
 
  Whirlpool Europe also sells products carrying the WHIRLPOOL, BAUKNECHT,
IGNIS, ALGOR and FIDES brand names to the Company's wholly-owned sales
companies in Asia and/or Latin America (Whirlpool Asia Appliance Group and the
Latin America Appliance Group) and to independent distributors and dealers in
Africa and the Middle East.
 
                                       4
<PAGE>
 
                        WHIRLPOOL FINANCIAL CORPORATION
 
  Whirlpool Financial provides diversified financial services to businesses and
consumers throughout the United States and Canada and inventory and display
financing activities in Europe and Argentina. WFC conducts its business through
four divisions: the Inventory Finance Division, which provides floorplan
financing and display programs to dealers; the Consumer Finance Division, which
provides installment financing and, through WFNB, WFC's recently formed credit
card bank, consumer credit card programs; the Specialized Finance Division,
which provides asset based working capital loans to manufacturers, distributors
and dealers; and the International Division, operated through Whirlpool
Financial Corporation International and Whirlpool Financial Corporation
Overseas, wholly owned subsidiaries of WFC, which provide inventory and display
financing for retailers of products of Whirlpool Europe and Whirlpool
Argentina. Inventory financing represents the largest segment of WFC's
business, providing services for manufacturers, distributors and dealers in the
appliance, consumer electronics, outdoor power equipment and residential
heating and cooling equipment industries. As previously mentioned, WFC is
phasing-out its commercial lending and aerospace financing and leasing
portfolios.
 
                                  COMPETITION
 
  The major home appliance business is a highly competitive industry. The
Company believes that, in terms of units sold annually, it is the largest
United States manufacturer of home laundry appliances and one of the largest
United States manufacturers of home refrigeration and room air conditioning
equipment and dishwashers. The Company estimates that during 1994 there were
approximately five United States manufacturers of home laundry appliances, 15
United States manufacturers of home refrigeration and room air conditioning
equipment, and five United States manufacturers of dishwashers. Competition in
the North American major home appliance business is based on a wide variety of
factors, including principally product features, price, product quality and
performance, service, warranty, advertising and promotion. As a result of the
Company's global expansion, the Company believes it may have a competitive
advantage by reason of its ability to share engineering breakthroughs across
regions, leverage best practices and economically purchase raw materials and
component parts in large volumes.
 
  The Company believes that Whirlpool Europe, in terms of units sold annually,
is one of the three largest consolidated manufacturers and marketers of major
home appliance products in Western Europe. The Company estimates that during
1994 there were approximately 35 Western European manufacturers of major home
appliances, the majority of which manufacture a limited range of products for a
specific geographic region. In recent years, there has been significant merger
and acquisition activity as manufacturers seek to broaden product lines and
expand geographic markets, and the Company believes that this trend will
continue. The Company believes that, with Whirlpool Europe, it is in a
favorable position relative to its competitors because it has an experienced
Western European sales network, balanced sales throughout the Western European
market under well-recognized brand names, manufacturing facilities located in
different countries and the ability to customize its products to meet the
specific needs of diverse consumer groups. With respect to microwave ovens,
Western European manufacturers face competition from manufacturers in Asia,
primarily Japan and South Korea.
 
  In Asia, the major domestic appliance market is characterized by rapid growth
and is dominated primarily by Asian diversified industrial manufacturers whose
significant size and scope of operations enable them to achieve economies of
scale. The Company estimates that during 1994 there were approximately 50 Asian
manufacturers of major home appliances. Competition in the Asian home appliance
business is based on a wide variety of factors, including principally local
production capabilities, product features, price, product quality and
performance.
 
  The Company believes that, together with its Brazilian affiliates, it is
well-positioned in the Latin American appliance market due to its ability to
offer a broad range of products under well-recognized brand names such as
WHIRLPOOL, BRASTEMP, CONSUL and SEMER to meet the specific requirements of
consumers in
 
                                       5
<PAGE>
 
the region. The Company estimates that during 1994 there were approximately 65
manufacturers of home appliances in the region. Competition in the Latin
American home appliance business is based on a wide variety of factors,
including principally product features, price, product quality and performance,
service, warranty, advertising and promotion. In Latin America there are trends
toward privatization of government-owned businesses and a liberalization of
investment and trade restrictions.
 
  The financial services industry is an intensely competitive business. Factors
affecting competition include new entrants into a market experiencing only
moderate growth and the continuing pressure to improve investment returns in
the financial services industry. With respect to inventory financing, there has
been a trend toward consolidation resulting in five dominant companies in the
United States market. In terms of total assets, WFC is the smallest of these
companies. WFC believes it has a competitive advantage due to its strong
relationship with the Company and other distribution networks. In the inventory
finance business, WFC's strategy is to exploit niches within the consumer
durables retail market. In consumer finance, WFC utilizes the same retailer
relationships to address the needs of their consumers through private label
credit card programs. The consumer finance market is highly fragmented with
numerous competitors, none of which has a dominant market share.
 
                                   EMPLOYEES
 
  The Company and its consolidated subsidiaries had approximately 39,000
employees as of December 31, 1994.
 
                               OTHER INFORMATION
 
  The Company owns minority equity interests in certain Brazilian manufacturers
of major home appliances and components (Multibras and Embraco) and has a
controlling interest in a sales and marketing joint venture with Multibras (the
South American Sales Company). The Company also has a majority interest in
joint venture companies in Argentina and Slovakia. Both companies manufacture
home appliances for sale and distribution in their home and surrounding
countries. In India, the Company has a majority interest in joint venture
companies that produce refrigeration products and washing machines for the
Indian market. The Company also has minority equity interests in a Mexican
manufacturer of home appliances and components and a Taiwan marketer and
distributor of home appliances. For additional information regarding the
Company's affiliated companies, see the discussion contained under Note 5 of
the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in the Annual Report which is
incorporated herein by reference. In addition, the Company furnishes
engineering, manufacturing and marketing assistance to certain foreign
manufacturers of home laundry and refrigeration equipment and other major home
appliances for negotiated fees.
 
  The Company's interests outside the United States are subject to risks which
may be greater than or in addition to those risks currently present in the
United States. Such risks may include high inflation, the need for governmental
approval of and restrictions on certain financial and other corporate
transactions and new or continued business operations, government price
controls, restrictions on the remittance of dividends, interest, royalties and
other payments and the convertibility of local currencies, restrictions on
imports and exports, political and economic developments and instability, the
possibility of expropriation, uncertainty as to the enforceability of
commercial rights and trademarks and various types of local participation in
ownership. In Brazil, the Company's minority equity interests earned profits in
1993 and 1994 due to cost control, productivity improvements and an increase in
consumer demand. However, issues such as economic volatility and exchange rate
changes continue to impact consumer purchasing power and the appliance industry
as a whole.
 
  The Company is generally not dependent on any one source for raw materials or
purchased components essential to its business. In those areas where a single
supplier is used, alternative sources are generally available and can be
developed within the normal manufacturing environment. While there are pricing
 
                                       6
<PAGE>
 
pressures on some materials and significant demand for certain components, it
is believed that such raw materials and components will be available in
adequate quantities to meet anticipated production schedules.
 
  Patents presently owned by the Company are considered, in the aggregate, to
be important to the conduct of the Company's business. The Company is licensed
under a number of patents, none of which individually is considered material to
its business. The Company is the owner of a number of trademarks and the U.S.
and foreign registrations thereof. The most important for its North American
operations are the trademarks WHIRLPOOL, KITCHENAID, ROPER and INGLIS.
Whirlpool Europe, through its subsidiaries, is also the owner of a number of
trademarks and the foreign registrations thereof. The most important trademarks
owned by Whirlpool Europe are BAUKNECHT, IGNIS and LADEN. The most important
trademark licensed to the Company's subsidiaries is the trademark PHILIPS and
the Philips shield emblem, which can be used exclusively on major home
appliances by such subsidiaries until July 31, 1998. In the event of a change
in control of the Company, Philips has the option to terminate the use by the
Company's subsidiaries of the trademark PHILIPS and the Philips shield emblem.
 
  The Company believes that its business, in the aggregate, is not seasonal.
Certain of its products, however, sell more heavily in some seasons than in
others, including room air conditioners, which are generally produced and sold
heavily in the first half of each year. In Europe, clothes dryers are sold more
heavily in the winter.
 
  Backlogs of the Company's products are completed and renewed relatively
frequently in each year and are not significant in relation to the Company's
annual sales.
 
  Expenditures for Company-sponsored research and engineering activities
relating to the development of new products and the improvement of existing
products are included in Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements in the Annual Report, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Customer-sponsored research activities relating to the development of new
products, services or techniques or the improvement of existing products,
services or techniques are not material.
 
  The Company's manufacturing facilities are subject to numerous laws and
regulations designed to protect or enhance the environment, many of which
require federal, state or other governmental licenses and permits with regard
to wastewater discharges, air emissions and hazardous waste management. These
laws are continually changing and, as a general matter, are becoming more
restrictive. The Company's policy is to comply with all such laws and
regulations.
 
  The Company believes that it is in compliance in all material respects with
all presently applicable federal, state, local and other provisions relating to
environmental protection in the countries in which it has manufacturing
operations. Capital expenditures and expenses attributable to compliance with
such provisions worldwide amounted to approximately $44 million in 1992, $57
million in 1993, and $78 million in 1994. The Company anticipates that such
capital expenditures and expenses will aggregate approximately $82 million in
1995. Much of the increase in 1993 and 1994 is attributable to taxes on
chloroflourocarbons ("CFCs") (which will be eliminated from the Company's
products in the United States by December 31, 1995) and a decision to broaden
the definition of environmental costs to include investments in product
development to meet or exceed anticipated energy and/or water regulations. Most
of the increase for 1995 relates to capital expenditures associated with plant
modifications necessary to produce a more energy and water efficient horizontal
axis washer in North America. The Company has developed a global environmental
management process designed to achieve its goals of producing environmentally
compatible products, better integrating environmental considerations into the
Company's product design and employee training, improving the Company's ability
to report and monitor its management of environmental, health and safety
affairs and reducing its worldwide emissions of certain chemicals.
 
  The entire United States appliance industry, including the Company, must
contend with adoption of stricter governmental energy and environmental
standards to be phased in over the next several years. These
 
                                       7
<PAGE>
 
include the general phaseout of CFCs used in refrigeration and energy standards
rulemakings for all major appliances produced by the Company. Compliance with
these various standards as they become effective will require some product
redesign although the standard levels were anticipated in current projects.
 
  In Europe the Company met the December 31, 1994 deadline for the elimination
of CFCs in its products. As in the United States, Whirlpool Europe is also
dealing with anticipated regulations and rules regarding improved efficiency
and energy usage for its products. The Company believes it is well positioned
to field products that comply with these anticipated regulations.
 
  The Company has been notified by state and federal environmental protection
agencies of its possible involvement in a number of so-called "Superfund" sites
in the United States. However, the Company does not presently anticipate any
material adverse effect upon the Company's earnings or financial condition
arising out of the resolution of these matters or the resolution of any other
known governmental proceeding regarding environmental protection matters. The
Company is in the process of performing environmental assessments of its
European facilities acquired as a result of the Company's purchase of the Major
Domestic Appliance division of Philips. Remedial plans are being prepared to
address contamination found during the evaluation. The Company believes it has
a contractual right to reimbursement from Philips for the vast majority of
anticipated remediation costs. The Company does not presently anticipate any
material adverse effect upon the Company's earnings or financial condition
arising out of the resolution of these matters.
 
  The following table sets forth the names of the Company's executive officers
at December 31, 1994, the positions and offices with the Company held by them
at such date, the year they first became officers, and their ages at December
31, 1994:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            FIRST BECAME
          NAME                       OFFICE                  AN OFFICER    AGE
          ----                       ------                 ------------   ---
   <C>                 <S>                                  <C>            <C>
   David R. Whitwam    Director, Chairman of the Board          1983        52
                        and Chief Executive Officer
   William D. Marohn   Director, President and Chief            1984        54
                        Operating Officer
   *Harry W. Bowman    Executive Vice President                 1985        51
   Jeff M. Fettig      Executive Vice President                 1993        37
   Robert I. Frey      Executive Vice President                 1985        51
   Ralph F. Hake       Executive Vice President                 1988        45
   Ronald L. Kerber    Executive Vice President                 1991        51
   P. Daniel Miller    Executive Vice President                 1991        46
   James R. Samartini  Executive Vice President and Chief       1986        59
                        Administrative Officer
</TABLE>
- --------
   * Resigned from the Company effective 2/21/95
 
  Each of the executive officers named above was elected to serve in the office
indicated until the first meeting of the Board of Directors following the
annual meeting of stockholders in 1995 and until his successor is chosen and
qualified or until his earlier resignation or removal.
 
  Each of the executive officers of the Company has held the position set forth
in the table above or has served the Company in various executive or
administrative capacities for at least the past five years, except for:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
            NAME                   COMPANY/POSITION                     PERIOD
            ----                   ----------------                 --------------
      <S>                   <C>                                     <C>
      Ronald L. Kerber      McDonnell Douglas Corporation--         2/88 to 2/91
                             Corporate Vice President                (joined the
                                                                     Company 2/91)
</TABLE>
 
 
                                       8
<PAGE>
 
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES.
 
  The principal executive offices of Whirlpool Corporation are located in
Benton Harbor, Michigan. At December 31, 1994, the principal manufacturing and
service operations of the Company were carried on at 26 locations worldwide, 14
of which are located outside the United States in seven countries. The Company
occupied a total of approximately 32 million square feet devoted to
manufacturing, service, administrative offices, warehouse, distribution and
sales space. Over seven (7) million square feet of such space is occupied under
lease. In general, all such facilities are well maintained, suitably equipped
and in good operating condition.
 
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.
 
  As of, and during the quarter ended, December 31, 1994, there were no
material pending legal proceedings to which the Company or any of its
subsidiaries was a party or to which any of their property was subject.
 
ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS.
 
  There were no matters submitted to a vote of security holders in the fourth
quarter of 1994.
 
                                    PART II
 
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS.
 
  The Company's common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange, the
Chicago Stock Exchange and The London Stock Exchange.
 
  At March 3, 1995, the number of holders of record of the Company's common
stock was approximately 11,829.
 
  High and low sales prices (as reported on the New York Stock Exchange
composite tape) and cash dividends declared and paid for the Company's common
stock for each quarter during the years 1993 and 1994 are set forth in Note 16
of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in the Annual Report, which
is herein incorporated by reference.
 
ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA.
 
  The selected financial data for the five years ended December 31, 1994 with
respect to the following line items shown under the "Consolidated Statistical
Review" in the Annual Report is incorporated herein by reference and made a
part of this report: Total revenues; earnings from continuing operations before
accounting change; earnings from continuing operations before accounting change
per share of common stock; dividends paid per share of common stock; total
assets; and long-term debt. See the material incorporated herein by reference
in response to Item 7 of this report for a discussion of the effects on such
data of business combinations and other acquisitions, disposition and
consolidation activity, restructuring costs, accounting changes and earnings of
foreign affiliates.
 
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS.
 
  The Management's Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and
Financial Condition in the Annual Report is incorporated herein by reference
and made a part of this report.
 
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.
 
  The consolidated financial statements of the Company in the Annual Report are
incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this report. Supplementary
financial information regarding quarterly results of
 
                                       9
<PAGE>
 
operations (unaudited) for the years ended December 31, 1994 and 1993 is set
forth in Note 16 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. For a list
of financial statements and schedules filed as part of this report, see the
"Index to Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules" beginning on
page F-1.
 
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.
 
  None.
 
                                    PART III
 
ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT.
 
  Information with respect to directors of the Company is incorporated herein
by reference to the information under the caption "Directors and Nominees for
Election as Directors" in the Company's proxy statement for the 1995 annual
meeting of stockholders (SEC File No. 1-3932) (the "Proxy Statement").
Information regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 is incorporated herein by reference to the information under the
caption "Section 16(a) Compliance" in the Proxy Statement. Information with
respect to executive officers of the Company is set forth in Part I of this
report.
 
ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.
 
  Information with respect to compensation of executive officers and directors
of the Company is incorporated herein by reference to the information under the
captions "Executive Compensation" and "Compensation of Directors" in the Proxy
Statement.
 
ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP.
 
  Information with respect to security ownership by the only person known to
the Company to beneficially own more than 5 percent of the Company's stock and
by each director of the Company and all directors and elected officers of the
Company as a group is incorporated herein by reference to the information under
the caption "Security Ownership" in the Proxy Statement.
 
ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS.
 
  Inapplicable.
 
                                    PART IV
 
ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K.
 
  (a) The following documents are filed as a part of this report:
 
    1. The financial statements listed in the "Index to Financial Statements
  and Financial Statement Schedules."
 
    2. The financial statement schedule listed in the "Index to Financial
  Statements and Financial Statement Schedules."
 
    3. The exhibits listed in the "Index to Exhibits."
 
  (b) Reports on Form 8-K.
 
    None
 
  (c) Exhibits.
 
    1. The following exhibits are included herein:
 
      (11) Computation of per share earnings.
 
      (12) Computation of the ratios of earnings to fixed charges.
 
    2. The response to this portion of Item 14 is submitted as a separate
  section of this report.
 
  (d) Financial Statement Schedules.
 
    The response to this portion of Item 14 is submitted as a separate
  section of this report.
 
 
                                       10
<PAGE>
 
                                   SIGNATURES
 
  PURSUANT TO THE REQUIREMENTS OF SECTION 13 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934, THE REGISTRANT HAS DULY CAUSED THIS REPORT TO BE SIGNED ON ITS BEHALF BY
THE UNDERSIGNED, THEREUNTO DULY AUTHORIZED.
 
                                          Whirlpool Corporation
                                          (Registrant)
 
                                                  /s/ Bradley J. Bell
                                          By:__________________________________
                                                      Bradley J. Bell
                                               (Principal Financial Officer)
                                               Vice President and Treasurer
 
  PURSUANT TO THE REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, THIS
REPORT HAS BEEN SIGNED BELOW BY THE FOLLOWING PERSONS ON BEHALF OF THE
REGISTRANT AND IN THE CAPACITIES AND ON THE DATE INDICATED.
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
             SIGNATURE                           TITLE                    DATE
             ---------                           -----                    ----
 
 
<S>                                  <C>                           <C>
          David R. Whitwam*          Director, Chairman of the       March 17, 1995
____________________________________   Board and Chief Executive
          David R. Whitwam             Officer (Principal
                                       Executive Officer)
 
         William D. Marohn*          Director, President and         March 17, 1995
____________________________________   Chief Operating Officer
         William D. Marohn
 
          Bradley J. Bell*           Vice President and Treasurer    March 17, 1995
____________________________________   (Principal Financial
          Bradley J. Bell              Officer)
 
         Robert G. Thompson*         Vice President and              March 17, 1995
____________________________________   Controller (Principal
         Robert G. Thompson            Accounting Officer)
 
          Victor A. Bonomo*          Director                        March 17, 1995
____________________________________
          Victor A. Bonomo
 
         Robert A. Burnett*          Director                        March 17, 1995
____________________________________
         Robert A. Burnett
 
            Herman Cain*             Director                        March 17, 1995
____________________________________
            Herman Cain
 
          Allan D. Gilmour*          Director                        March 17, 1995
____________________________________
          Allan D. Gilmour
 
         Kathleen J. Hempel*         Director                        March 17, 1995
____________________________________
         Kathleen J. Hempel
 
          Arnold G. Langbo*          Director                        March 17, 1995
____________________________________
          Arnold G. Langbo
 
           Miles L. Marsh*           Director                        March 17, 1995
____________________________________
           Miles L. Marsh
 
</TABLE>
 
 
                                       11
<PAGE>
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
             SIGNATURE                           TITLE                    DATE
             ---------                           -----                    ----
<S>                                  <C>                           <C>
          Philip L. Smith*           Director                        March 17, 1995
____________________________________
          Philip L. Smith
 
           Paul G. Stern*            Director                        March 17, 1995
____________________________________
           Paul G. Stern
 
          Janice D. Stoney*          Director                        March 17, 1995
____________________________________
</TABLE>  Janice D. Stoney
 
 
     /s/ Daniel F. Hopp
*By:___________________________
<TABLE>
<S>                                  <C>                           <C>
                                     Attorney-in-Fact                March 17, 1995
</TABLE>
         Daniel F. Hopp
 
                                       12
<PAGE>
 
                           ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K
 
                        ITEMS 14(A)(1) AND (2) AND 14(D)
 
        INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES
 
                          YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1994
 
              WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES
 
  The following consolidated financial statements of the registrant and its
consolidated subsidiaries, set forth in the Annual Report, are incorporated
herein by reference in Item 8:
 
    Consolidated balance sheets--December 31, 1994 and 1993
 
    Consolidated statements of earnings--Three years ended December 31,
    1994
 
    Consolidated statements of cash flows--Three years ended December 31,
    1994
 
    Notes to consolidated financial statements
 
  The following reports of independent auditors and consolidated financial
statement schedules of the registrant and its consolidated subsidiaries are
submitted herewith in response to Items 14(a)(2) and 14(d):
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            PAGE
                                                                            ----
     <S>                                                                    <C>
     Report of Ernst & Young, Independent Auditors.........................  F-2
     Reports of Price Waterhouse, Independent Auditors.....................  F-3
     Schedule II--Valuation and qualifying account.........................  F-9
 
  The following exhibits are included herein:
 
     Exhibit 11--Statement Re: Computation of Earnings Per Share........... F-13
     Exhibit 12--Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charge......................... F-14
</TABLE>
 
  Individual financial statements of the registrant's affiliated foreign
companies, accounted for by the equity method, have been omitted since no such
company individually constitutes a significant subsidiary. Summarized financial
information relating to the affiliated companies is set forth in Note 5 of the
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements incorporated by reference herein.
 
  Certain schedules for which provisions are made in the applicable accounting
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission are not required under
the related instructions or are inapplicable, and therefore have been omitted.
 
                                      F-1
<PAGE>
 
                        [ERNST & YOUNG LLP LETTERHEAD]

                        REPORT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS

The Stockholders and Board of Directors
Whirlpool Corporation
Benton Harbor, Michigan

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Whirlpool Corporation
and subsidiaries listed in the Index at Item 14(a)(1) of the annual report on
Form 10-K of Whirlpool Corporation for the year ended December 31, 1994.  Our
audits also included the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at
Item 14(a)(2).  These financial statements and schedule are the responsibility
of the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
these financial statements and schedule based on our audits.  We did not audit
the financial statements of the Brazilian affiliates used as the basis for
recording the Company's equity in their net earnings (losses), as presented in
Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements.  The financial statements of
those affiliates were audited by other auditors whose reports have been
furnished to us, and our opinion, insofar as it relates to the amounts included
for the Brazilian affiliates, is based solely on the reports of the other
auditors.

We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards.  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.  An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits and the reports of the other auditors provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, based on our audits and the reports of the other auditors, the
financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects,
the consolidated financial position of Whirlpool Corporation and subsidiaries at
December 31, 1994 and 1993, and the consolidated results of their operations and
their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
1994, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.  Also, in our
opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation
to the basic financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all
material respects the information set forth therein.

As discussed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements, in 1993 the
Company changed its method of accounting for postretirement benefits other than
pensions, postemployment benefits and income taxes.



/s/ Ernst & Young LLP

Chicago, Illinois
January 26, 1995
<PAGE>

                                                [LETTERHEAD OF PRICE WATERHOUSE]

                                                  [LOGO OF PRICE WATERHOUSE]
 
Price Waterhouse

Report of Independent Accountants


January 23, 1995

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders
Brasmotor S.A.



1  We have audited the consolidated balance sheets of Brasmotor S.A. and its
   subsidiaries as of December 31, 1994 and 1993 and the related consolidated
   statements of income, of movement in stockholders' equity and of cash flows
   for the years then ended, expressed in U.S. dollars (not presented herein).
   Such audits were made in conjunction with our audits of the financial
   statements expressed in local currency on which we issued an unqualified
   opinion dated January 23, 1995. These financial statements are the
   responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express
   an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We did not
   audit the financial statements of Whirlpool Argentina S.A. used as the basis
   for recording the Company's equity in its net earnings, as presented in Note
   4 to the consolidated financial statements. The financial statements of that
   affiliate were audited by other auditors whose reports have been furnished to
   us, and our opinion, insofar as it relates to the amounts included for
   Whirlpool Argentina S.A., is based solely on the reports of the other
   auditors.

2  We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally
   accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we
   plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
   financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
   examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures
   in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting
   principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
   evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our
   audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

                                      F-3
<PAGE>

January 23, 1995
Brasmotor S.A.                                       [LOGO OF PRICE WATERHOUSE]
Page 2

 
3  As stated in Note 1, Whirlpool Corporation has prescribed that accounting
   principles generally accepted in the United States of America be applied in
   the preparation of the consolidated financial statements of Brasmotor S.A.
   and its subsidiaries to be included in Whirlpool's consolidated financial
   statements. Brazil has a highly inflationary economy. Accounting principles
   generally accepted in the United States of America require that financial
   statements of a company denominated in the currency of a country with a
   highly inflationary economy be remeasured into a more stable currency unit
   for purposes of consolidation. Accordingly, the accounts of Brasmotor S.A.
   and its Brazilian subsidiaries, which are maintained in reais, were
   remeasured and adjusted into U.S. dollars for the financial statements
   prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
   United States of America on the bases stated in Note 1.

4  In our opinion, based on our audits and the report of the other auditors, the
   consolidated financial statements expressed in U.S. dollars audited by us are
   presented fairly, in all material respects, on the bases stated in Note 1 and
   discussed in the preceding paragraph.


   [SIGNATURE OF PRICE WATERHOUSE]


                                      F-4
<PAGE>
 
                                                [LETTERHEAD OF PRICE WATERHOUSE]

                                                   [LOGO OF PRICE WATERHOUSE]

Price Waterhouse


Report of Independent Accountants


January 23, 1995

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders
Empresa Brasileira de Compressores S.A. - EMBRACO



1  We have audited the consolidated balance sheets of Empresa Brasileira de
   Compressores S.A. -EMBRACO and its subsidiaries as of December 31, 1994 and
   1993 and the related consolidated statements of income, of movement in
   stockholders' equity and of cash flows for the years then ended, expressed in
   U.S. dollars (not presented herein). Such audits were made in conjunction
   with our audits of the financial statements expressed in local currency on
   which we issued an unqualified opinion dated January 23, 1995. These
   financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our
   responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based
   on our audits.

2  We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally
   accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we
   plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
   financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
   examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures
   in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting
   principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
   evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our
   audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3  As stated in Note 1, Whirlpool Corporation has prescribed that accounting
   principles generally accepted in the United States of America be applied in
   the preparation of the consolidated financial statements of Empresa
   Brasileira de Compressores S.A. - EMBRACO and its subsidiaries to be included
   in Whirlpool's consolidated financial statements. Brazil has a highly
   inflationary economy. Accounting principles generally accepted in the United
   States of America require that financial statements of a company denominated
   in the currency of a country with a highly inflationary economy be remeasured
   into a more stable currency unit for purposes of consolidation. Accordingly,
   the accounts of Empresa Brasileira de Compressores S.A. -EMBRACO and its
   Brazilian subsidiaries, which are maintained in reais, were remeasured and
   adjusted into U.S. dollars for the financial statements prepared in
   accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
   of America on the bases stated in Note 1.

                                      F-5

<PAGE>

January 23, 1995                                     [LOGO OF PRICE WATERHOUSE]
Empresa Brasileira de Compressores S.A.-EMBRACO
Page 2 


4  In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements expressed in U.S.
   dollars audited by us are presented fairly, in all material respects, on the
   bases stated in Note 1 and discussed in the preceding paragraph.


   [SIGNATURE OF PRICE WATERHOUSE]



                                      F-6

<PAGE>

                                                [LETTERHEAD OF PRICE WATERHOUSE]

                                                   [LOGO OF PRICE WATERHOUSE]

Price Waterhouse
 
Report of Independent Accountants


January 23, 1995

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders
Multibras S.A. Eletrodomesticos



1  We have audited the consolidated balance sheets of Multibras S.A.
   Eletrodomesticos and its subsidiaries as of December 31, 1994 and 1993 and
   the related consolidated statements of income, of movement in stockholders'
   equity and of cash flows for the years then ended, expressed in U.S. dollars
   (not presented herein). Such audits were made in conjunction with our audits
   of the financial statements expressed in local currency on which we issued an
   unqualified opinion dated January 23, 1995. These financial statements are
   the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to
   express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

2  We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally
   accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we
   plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
   financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
   examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures
   in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting
   principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
   evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our
   audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3  As stated in Note 1, Whirlpool Corporation has prescribed that accounting
   principles generally accepted in the United States of America be applied in
   the preparation of the consolidated financial statements of Multibras S.A.
   Eletrodomesticos and its subsidiaries to be included in Whirlpool's
   consolidated financial statements. Brazil has a highly inflationary economy.
   Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
   require that financial statements of a company denominated in the currency of
   a country with a highly inflationary economy be remeasured into a more stable
   currency unit for purposes of consolidation. Accordingly, the accounts of
   Multibras S.A. Eletrodomesticos and its Brazilian subsidiaries, which are
   maintained in reais, were remeasured and adjusted into U.S. dollars for the
   financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles
   generally accepted in the United States of America on the bases stated in
   Note 1.

                                      F-7
<PAGE>

January 23, 1995
Multibras S.A. Electrodomesticos                     [LOGO OF PRICE WATERHOUSE]
Page 2

 
4  In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements expressed in U.S.
   dollars audited by us are presented fairly, in all material respects, on the
   bases stated in Note 1 and discussed in the preceding paragraph.


   [SIGNATURE OF PRICE WATERHOUSE]



                                      F-8
<PAGE>
 
                     WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
                 SCHEDULE II--VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
 
                 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1994, 1993, AND 1992
                             (MILLIONS OF DOLLARS)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
         COL. A            COL. B           COL. C             COL. D      COL. E
         ------          ---------- ----------------------- ------------ ----------
                                           ADDITIONS
                                    -----------------------
                                                    (2)
                                        (1)      CHARGED TO
                         BALANCE AT  CHARGED TO    OTHER                 BALANCE AT
                         BEGINNING     COSTS     ACCOUNTS-- DEDUCTIONS--    END
      DESCRIPTION        OF PERIOD  AND EXPENSES  DESCRIBE    DESCRIBE   OF PERIOD
      -----------        ---------- ------------ ---------- ------------ ----------
<S>                      <C>        <C>          <C>        <C>          <C>
Year Ended December 31,
 1994:
  Current assets:
    Allowance for
     doubtful accounts--                                        $ 11--
     trade receivables..    $ 36        $ 13                       A        $ 38
                            ====        ====        ===         ====        ====
    Allowance for
     doubtful accounts--
     financing
     receivables and                                            $ 12--
     leases.............    $ 14        $ 13                       B        $ 15
                            ====        ====        ===         ====        ====
  Long-term receivables:
    Allowance for
     doubtful accounts--
     financing
     receivables and                                            $ 13--
     leases.............    $ 35        $  9                       C        $ 31
                            ====        ====        ===         ====        ====
  Accrued expenses:
    Restructuring                                               $108--
     reserves...........    $ 33        $250                       D        $175
                            ====        ====        ===         ====        ====
Year Ended December 31,
 1993:
  Current assets:
    Allowance for
     doubtful accounts--                                        $  8--
     trade receivables..    $ 35        $  9                       A        $ 36
                            ====        ====        ===         ====        ====
    Allowance for
     doubtful accounts--
     financing
     receivables and                                            $ 26--
     leases.............    $ 22        $ 18                       B        $ 14
                            ====        ====        ===         ====        ====
  Long-term receivables:
    Allowance for
     doubtful accounts--
     financing
     receivables and                                            $ 29--
     leases.............    $ 15        $ 49                       C        $ 35
                            ====        ====        ===         ====        ====
 Accrued expenses:
    Restructuring                                               $ 20--
     reserves...........    $ 22        $ 31                       D          33
                            ====        ====        ===         ====        ====
Year Ended December 31,
 1992:
  Current assets:
    Allowance for
     doubtful accounts--                                        $ 24--
     trade receivables..    $ 47        $ 12                       A        $ 35
                            ====        ====        ===         ====        ====
    Allowance for
     doubtful accounts--
     financing
     receivables and                                            $ 19--
     leases.............    $ 14        $ 27                       B        $ 22
                            ====        ====        ===         ====        ====
  Long-term receivables:
    Allowance for
     doubtful accounts--
     financing
     receivables and                                            $ 14--
     leases.............    $ 16        $ 13                       C        $ 15
                            ====        ====        ===         ====        ====
 Accrued expenses:
    Restructuring                                               $ 90--
     reserves...........    $102        $ 10                       D        $ 22
                            ====        ====        ===         ====        ====
</TABLE>
 
                                      F-9

<PAGE>
 
- --------
Note A--The amounts represent accounts charged off, less recoveries of $1 in
        1994, $6 in 1993, and $3 in 1992.
Note B--The amounts represent accounts charged off, less recoveries of $1 in
        1994 and 1993 and $2 in 1992.
Note C--The amounts represent accounts charged off, less recoveries of $1 in
        1994, 1993, and 1992.
Note D--Charges include employee related severance and relocation, disposal of
        fixed assets and translation adjustments.
 
                                     F-10

<PAGE>
 
          EXHIBIT 11--STATEMENT RE: COMPUTATION OF EARNINGS PER SHARE
 
                     WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
                (MILLIONS OF DOLLARS EXCEPT EARNINGS PER SHARE)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                          1994   1993    1992
                                                         ------ ------  ------
<S>                                                      <C>    <C>     <C>
Primary
  Average Shares Outstanding............................   74.2   71.1    69.8
  Treasury Method (Average Market Price)
    Stock Options.......................................    1.0    1.2     0.7
    Restricted Stock (RSVP).............................    0.3    --      --
                                                         ------ ------  ------
  Primary Average Shares Outstanding....................   75.5   72.3    70.5
                                                         ====== ======  ======
  Net Earnings Before Cumulative Effect of Accounting
   Change............................................... $158.3 $230.7  $204.7
  RSVP Amortization, net of tax.........................    --     --      --
                                                         ------ ------  ------
  Primary Net Earnings Before Cumulative Effect of
   Accounting Change.................................... $158.3 $230.7  $204.7
                                                         ====== ======  ======
  Earnings Per Share Before Cumulative Effect of
   Accounting Change.................................... $ 2.10 $ 3.19  $ 2.90
                                                         ====== ======  ======
  Less Cumulative Effect of Accounting Change........... $  --  $(2.52) $  --
                                                         ====== ======  ======
  Earnings Per Share.................................... $ 2.10 $ 0.67  $ 2.90
                                                         ====== ======  ======
Fully Diluted
  Average Shares Outstanding............................   74.2   71.1    69.8
  Treasury Method (Average Market Price or End of
   Period, whichever is greater):
    Stock Options.......................................    1.2    2.0     1.3
    Restricted Stock....................................    0.3    --      --
  Assumed Conversion of Debt (4,885 shares issued May
   1991)..................................................  2.2    3.3     4.9
                                                         ------ ------  ------
  Fully Diluted Average Shares Outstanding..............   77.9   76.4    76.0
                                                         ====== ======  ======
  Net Earnings Before Cumulative Effect of Accounting
   Change............................................... $158.3 $230.7  $204.7
  Interest Expense, net of tax..........................    4.3    7.3     7.6
  RSVP Amortization, net of tax.........................    --     --      --
                                                         ------ ------  ------
  Fully Diluted Net Earnings Before Cumulative Effect of
   Accounting Change.................................... $162.6 $238.0  $212.3
                                                         ====== ======  ======
  Earnings Per Share Before Cumulative Effect of
   Accounting Change.................................... $ 2.09 $ 3.11  $ 2.79
                                                         ====== ======  ======
  Net Earnings.......................................... $158.3 $ 50.7  $204.7
  Interest Expense, net of tax..........................    4.3    7.3     7.6
  RSVP Amortization, net of tax.........................    --     --      --
                                                         ------ ------  ------
  Fully Diluted Net Earnings............................ $162.6 $ 58.0  $212.3
                                                         ====== ======  ======
  Earnings Per Share.................................... $ 2.09 $ 0.67* $ 2.79
                                                         ====== ======  ======
</TABLE>
- --------
*Since the fully diluted net earnings per share is anti-dilutive, the primary
   net earnings per share is presented.
 
                                      F-13
<PAGE>
 
                  EXHIBIT 12--STATEMENT RE: COMPUTATION OF THE
                      RATIOS OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES
 
                     WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1994
                                                 -------------------------------
                                                 APPLIANCE FINANCIAL  WHIRLPOOL
                                                 BUSINESS  SERVICES  CORPORATION
                                                 --------- --------- -----------
                                                      (MILLIONS OF DOLLARS)
<S>                                              <C>       <C>       <C>
Pretax earnings................................   $268.9     $23.4     $292.3
Portion of rents representative of the interest
 factor........................................     19.6       0.8       20.4
Interest on indebtedness.......................    102.4      61.0      163.4
Amortization of debt expense and premium.......      1.9       0.1        2.0
WFC preferred stock dividend...................      --        4.5        4.5
                                                  ------     -----     ------
  Adjusted income..............................   $392.8     $89.8     $482.6
                                                  ======     =====     ======
<CAPTION>
FIXED CHARGES
- -------------
<S>                                              <C>       <C>       <C>
Portion of rents representative of the interest
 factor........................................   $ 19.6     $ 0.8     $ 20.4
Interest on indebtedness.......................    102.4      61.0      163.4
Amortization of debt expense and premium.......      1.9       0.1        2.0
WFC preferred stock dividend...................      --        4.5        4.5
                                                  ------     -----     ------
                                                  $123.9     $66.4     $190.3
                                                  ======     =====     ======
Ratio of earnings to fixed charges.............     3.17      1.35       2.54
                                                  ======     =====     ======
</TABLE>
 
                                      F-14
<PAGE>
 
                  EXHIBIT 12--STATEMENT RE: COMPUTATION OF THE
                      RATIOS OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES
 
                     WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1993
                                                 -------------------------------
                                                 APPLIANCE FINANCIAL  WHIRLPOOL
                                                 BUSINESS  SERVICES  CORPORATION
                                                 --------- --------- -----------
                                                      (MILLIONS OF DOLLARS)
<S>                                              <C>       <C>       <C>
Pretax earnings................................   $417.5    $(43.0)    $374.5
Portion of rents representative of the interest
 factor........................................     16.3       1.1       17.4
Interest on indebtedness.......................    102.8      67.2      170.0
Amortization of debt expense and premium.......      2.0       0.4        2.4
WFC preferred stock dividend...................      --        1.5        1.5
                                                  ------    ------     ------
  Adjusted income..............................   $538.6    $ 27.2     $565.8
                                                  ======    ======     ======
<CAPTION>
FIXED CHARGES
- -------------
<S>                                              <C>       <C>       <C>
Portion of rents representative of the interest
 factor........................................   $ 16.3    $  1.1     $ 17.4
Interest on indebtedness.......................    102.8      67.2      170.0
Amortization of debt expense and premium.......      2.0       0.4        2.4
WFC preferred stock dividend...................      --        1.5        1.5
                                                  ------    ------     ------
                                                  $121.1    $ 70.2     $191.3
                                                  ======    ======     ======
Ratio of earnings to fixed charges.............     4.45      0.39       2.96
                                                  ======    ======     ======
</TABLE>
 
                                      F-15
<PAGE>
 
                           ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K
 
                            ITEMS 14(A)(3) AND 14(C)
 
                               INDEX TO EXHIBITS
 
                          YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1994
 
  The following exhibits are submitted herewith or incorporated herein by
reference in response to Items 14(a)(3) and 14(c):
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
 NUMBER AND                                                          SEQUENTIAL
 DESCRIPTION                                                            PAGE
 OF EXHIBIT                                                           NUMBERS*
 -----------                                                         ----------
 <C>         <C> <S>                                                 <C>
    3(i)         Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the
                 Company [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit
                 3(i) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K
                 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1993]
    3(ii)        Amended and Restated By-laws of the Company (as
                 amended January 23, 1995).
    4            The registrant hereby agrees to furnish to the
                 Securities and Exchange Commission, upon request,
                 the instruments defining the rights of holders of
                 each issue of long-term debt of the registrant
                 and its subsidiaries.
   10(iii)   (a) Whirlpool Retirement Benefits Restoration Plan
                 (as amended January 1, 1992) [Incorporated by
                 reference from Exhibit 10(iii)(a) to the
                 Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
                 fiscal year ended December 31, 1993]
   10(iii)   (b) 1979 Stock Option Plan (as amended April 28,
                 1987) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit
                 10(iii)(b) to the Company's Annual Report on Form
                 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1993]
   10(iii)   (c) Whirlpool Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan
                 (as amended and restated effective December 31,
                 1993) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit
                 10(iii)(c) to the Company's Annual Report on Form
                 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1993]
   10(iii)   (d) Resolution adopted on December 12, 1989 by the
                 Board of Directors of the Company adopting a
                 compensation schedule, life insurance program and
                 retirement benefit program for eligible
                 Directors. [Incorporated by reference from
                 Exhibit 10(iii)(d) to the Company's Annual Report
                 on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
                 31, 1993]
   10(iii)   (e) Resolution adopted on December 8, 1992 by the
                 Board of Directors of the Company adopting a
                 Flexible Compensation Program for the
                 Corporation's nonemployee directors.
                 [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit
                 10(iii)(e) to the Company's Annual Report on Form
                 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1993]
   10(iii)   (f) Whirlpool Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan
                 for Directors (as amended effective January 1,
                 1992 and April 20, 1993) [Incorporated by
                 reference from Exhibit 10(iii)(f) to the
                 Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
                 fiscal year ended December 31, 1993]
   10(iii)   (g) Form of Agreement providing for severance
                 benefits for certain executive officers
                 [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit
                 10(iii)(g) to the Company's Annual Report on Form
                 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1993]
</TABLE>
 
 
                                      E-1
<PAGE>
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
 NUMBER AND                                                          SEQUENTIAL
 DESCRIPTION                                                            PAGE
 OF EXHIBIT                                                           NUMBERS*
 -----------                                                         ----------
 <C>         <C> <S>                                                 <C>
   10(iii)   (h) Whirlpool Corporation 1989 Omnibus Stock and
                 Incentive Plan (as amended July 1, 1991)
                 [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit
                 10(iii)(h) to the Company's Annual Report on Form
                 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1993]
   10(iii)   (i) Whirlpool Corporation Restricted Stock Value
                 Program (Pursuant to the 1989 Whirlpool
                 Corporation Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan)
                 [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit
                 10(iii)(i) to the Company's Annual Report on Form
                 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1993]
   10(iii)   (j) Whirlpool Executive Stock Appreciation and
                 Performance Program (Pursuant to the 1989
                 Whirlpool Corporation Omnibus Stock and Incentive
                 Plan) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit
                 10(iii)(j) to the Company's Annual Report on Form
                 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1993]
   10(iii)   (k) Whirlpool Corporation Nonemployee Director Stock
                 Ownership Plan (as amended April 20, 1993)
                 [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit
                 10(iii)(k) to the Company's Annual Report on Form
                 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1993]
   10(iii)   (l) Whirlpool 401(k) Plan (as amended and restated
                 April 1, 1993) [Incorporated by reference to
                 Exhibit 10(iii)(l) from the Company's Annual
                 Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
                 December 31, 1993]
   10(iii)   (m) Whirlpool Performance Excellence Plan (as amended
                 January 1, 1992 and February 15, 1994)
                 [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit
                 10(iii)(m) to the Company's Annual Report on Form
                 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1993]
   10(iii)   (n) Whirlpool Corporation Executive Deferred Savings
                 Plan (as amended effective January 1, 1992)
                 [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit
                 10(iii)(n) to the Company's Annual Report on Form
                 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1993]
   10(iii)   (o) Whirlpool Corporation Executive Officer Bonus
                 Plan (Effective as of January 1, 1994)
   10(iii)   (p) Whirlpool Corporation Charitable Award
                 Contribution and Additional Life Insurance Plan
                 for Directors (Effective April 20, 1993)
   11            Statement Re: Computation of Earnings per share.
   12            Statement Re: Computation of the Ratios of
                 Earnings to Fixed Charges
   13            Management's Discussion and Analysis and
                 Consolidated Financial Statements contained in
                 Annual Report to Stockholders for the year ended
                 December 31, 1994
   21            List of Subsidiaries
   23(ii)    (a) Consent of Ernst & Young
   23(ii)    (b) Consent of Price Waterhouse
   24            Powers of Attorney
   27            Financial Data Schedule
</TABLE>
- --------
*This information appears only in the manually signed originals of the Form 10-
K and conformed copies with exhibits.
 
                                      E-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.II
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED BY LAWS
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                 B Y - L A W S

                                      O F

                   W H I R L P O O L   C O R P O R A T I O N

                         (As Amended January 23, 1995)



                                   ARTICLE I
                                   ---------

                                    OFFICES

SECTION 1.  Registered Office.  The registered office of Whirlpool Corporation
(the "Corporation") shall be in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle,
State of Delaware, and the name of the registered agent in charge thereof  is
The Corporation Trust Company.

SECTION 2.  Additional Offices.  The Corporation may also have offices at such
other places within or without the State of Delaware as the board of directors
may from time to time determine or the business of the Corporation may require.


                                   ARTICLE II
                                   ----------

                            MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS

SECTION 1.  Place of Holding Meetings.  The annual meeting of stockholders for
the election of directors shall be held at such place, within or without the
State of Delaware, as may from time to time be fixed by the board of directors.
Subject to the provisions of Section 4 of this Article II, each meeting of
stockholders for any other purpose may be held at such place, within or without
the State of Delaware, as shall be fixed by the board of directors.

SECTION 2.  Annual Meetings; Election of Directors.  The annual meeting of
stockholders for the election of directors shall be held on the third Tuesday in
April, or such other date and time as may be determined by the board of
directors.  Any other proper business may also be transacted at the annual
meeting.

SECTION 3.  Stockholders' List.  At least ten (10) days before every meeting of
stockholders,  a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the
meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each
stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder,
shall be prepared by or for the Secretary.  Such list shall be open to the
examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during
ordinary business hours, for a period of at least ten (10) days prior to the
meeting, at the place where the meeting is to be held, 

                                      -1-

<PAGE>
 
and shall be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the
whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present.

SECTION 4.  Special Meetings.  Special meetings of the stockholders for any
purpose or purposes, except as otherwise prescribed by statute or by the
certificate of incorporation, may be called by the Chairman of the Board, any
Vice Chairman, or the President and shall be called by the Chairman of the
Board, any Vice Chairman, or the President or the Secretary at the request in
writing of a majority of the directors in office or pursuant to a resolution
adopted by the board of directors.  Such request or resolution shall state the
place, date and hour and the purpose or purposes of the proposed meeting.  No
business shall be transacted at any special meeting except that referred to in
the notice thereof.

SECTION 5.  Notice of Meetings.  A written or printed notice stating the place,
date and hour of the meeting and, in case of a special meeting or whenever
required by statute, by the certificate of incorporation, or by these by-laws,
further stating the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called, shall
be given by the Secretary to each stockholder entitled to vote thereat by
delivering such notice to him personally or by mailing it, postage prepaid,
addressed to him at his address as it appears on statute, such notice shall be
given not less than ten (10) nor more than fifty (50) days before the date of
the meeting.  An affidavit of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary or of a
transfer agent of the Corporation that the notice has been given shall, in the
absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein.

SECTION 6.  Quorum.  The holders of at least fifty percent (50%) of the capital
stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, present in person or
represented by proxy, shall be requisite and shall constitute a quorum at all
meetings of the stockholders for the transaction of business except as otherwise
provided by statute or the certificate of incorporation.  If,  however, such
quorum shall not be present or represented at any meeting of the stockholders,
then the holders of a majority of the shares of capital stock present in person
or represented by proxy and entitled to vote thereat shall have power to adjourn
the meeting from time to time, without notice or call other than by announcement
at the meeting of the time and place of the holding of the adjourned meeting,
until a quorum shall be present or represented.  At such adjourned meeting at
which a quorum shall be present or represented, any business may be transacted
which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally called.

SECTION 7.  Voting.  When a quorum is present at any meeting, any question
properly brought before such meeting shall be decided by the vote of the holders
of a majority of the voting power of the stock present in person or represented
by proxy and entitled to vote thereon, unless the question is one upon which a
different vote is required by provision of statute, the certificate of
incorporation or these by-laws, in which case such provision shall govern and
control the decision of such question.

Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders or to express
consent or dissent to corporate action in writing without a meeting may, by an
instrument in writing subscribed by such stockholder, authorize another person
or persons to act for such stockholder by proxy, but no such 

                                      -2-
<PAGE>
 
proxy instrument shall be voted or acted upon after three years from its date
unless such instrument provides for a longer period.

SECTION 8.  Inspectors of Election.  At any election of directors, the chairman
of the meeting may, and upon request of the holders of ten percent (10%) or more
of the stock present and entitled to vote at such election shall, appoint two
inspectors of election who shall subscribe an oath or affirmation to execute
faithfully the duties of inspectors at such election with strict impartiality
and according to the best of their ability and who shall canvass the votes and
make and sign a certificate of the result thereof.  No candidate for the office
of director shall be appointed as such inspector.

SECTION 9.  Conduct of Stockholders' Meetings.  The meetings of the stockholders
shall be presided over by the Chairman of the Board, or if he is not present, by
a Vice Chairman or the President, or if none of such officers is present, by a
Vice President designated by the board of directors, or if none of such officers
is present, by a chairman to be elected at the meeting.  The Secretary of the
Corporation, if present, shall act as secretary of such meetings or, if he is
not present, an Assistant Secretary designated by the chairman of the meeting
shall so act; if neither the Secretary nor an Assistant Secretary is present,
then a secretary shall be appointed by the chairman of the meeting.  The order
of business shall be as determined by the chairman of the meeting.

SECTION 10.  Validity of Proxies; Ballots, etc.  At every meeting of the
stockholders, all proxies shall be received and taken charge of and all ballots
shall be received and canvassed by the secretary of the meeting, who shall
decide all questions touching the qualification of voters, the validity of the
proxies, and the acceptance or rejection of votes, unless inspectors of election
shall have been appointed by the chairman of the meeting, in which event such
inspectors of election shall decide all such questions.

SECTION 11.  Nominations and Qualifications of Directors.  Subject to the rights
of holders of Preferred Stock, nominations for the election of directors may be
made by the board of directors or a holder entitled to vote generally in the
election of directors.  For a nomination or nominations to be properly made by
any stockholder entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, written
notice of such stockholder's intent to make such nomination or nominations must
be given, either by personal delivery or by registered or certified United
States mail, postage prepaid, to the Secretary of the Corporation not later than
(i) with respect to an election to be had at an annual meeting of stockholders
to be held on the fourth Tuesday in April, ninety (90) days in advance of such
meeting, and (ii) with respect to an election to be had at an annual meeting to
be held on a day other than the fourth Tuesday in April or to be held at a
special meeting of stockholders for the election of directors, the close of
business on the seventh day following the date on which notice of such meeting
is first given to stockholders.  Each such notice shall set forth:  (a) the name
and address of the stockholder who intends to make the nomination and of the
person or persons to be nominated; (b) a representation that the stockholder is
a holder of record of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at such meeting
and intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the
person or persons specified in the notice; (c) a description of all arrangements
or understandings between the stockholder and each nominee and any other person
or persons (naming such person or persons) pursuant to which the nomination or
nominations are 

                                      -3-
<PAGE>
 
to be made by the stockholder; (d) such other information regarding each nominee
proposed by such stockholder as would be required to be included in a proxy
statement filed pursuant to the then current proxy rules of the Securities and
Exchange Commission, if the nominee were to be nominated by the Board; and (e)
the consent of each nominee to serve as a director of the Corporation if so
elected. The chairman of the meeting may refuse to acknowledge the nomination of
any person not made in compliance with the foregoing procedure.


                                  ARTICLE III
                                  -----------

                                   DIRECTORS

SECTION 1.  General Powers.  The property and business of the Corporation shall
be managed by its board of directors, which shall possess all the powers of the
Corporation except as may be otherwise provided by statute or by the certificate
of incorporation or by these by-laws.

The board of directors may hold its meetings, establish corporate offices and
agencies, and keep the books and records of the Corporation at such places
either within or without the State of Delaware as it may from time to time
determine.

SECTION 2.  Election of Directors; Terms of Office.  At all meetings of the
stockholders for the election of directors at which a quorum is present, the
persons who were nominated in accordance with Section 11 of Article II of these
by-laws and receive the greatest number of votes shall be elected as directors.
Commencing at the annual meeting of stockholders held in 1986, the board of
directors shall be divided into three classes, and shall have terms of office,
as provided in Article FIFTH of the Certificate.

SECTION 3.  Regular Meetings.  An annual meeting of the board of directors may
be held immediately after and at the same place as the annual meeting of
stockholders and no notice of such meetings shall be necessary if a quorum be
present, or the time and place of such meeting may instead be fixed by action of
the board of directors and notice of the meeting given pursuant to Section 5 of
this Article III.  Such annual meeting shall constitute a regular meeting of the
board of directors.  Other regular meetings of the board of directors (so
designated in the resolution fixing the dates thereof) may be held either within
or without the State of Delaware on such dates as may be fixed from time to time
by resolution of the board.

SECTION 4.  Special Meetings.  Special meetings of the board of directors may be
called by the Chairman of the Board, any Vice Chairman, or the President and
shall be called by the Chairman of the Board, any Vice Chairman, or the
President or Secretary at the request in writing of a majority of the directors
in office, and the person or persons so calling or requesting the calling of any
special meeting of the board of directors shall in such call or request fix the
date, hour and place, within or without the State of Delaware, for holding any
such special meeting.

SECTION 5.  Notice of Meetings.  Notice of any meeting of the board of directors
(except where no notice is required under Section 3 of this Article III) shall
be given to each director by mail on or 

                                      -4-
<PAGE>
 
before the second day (excluding Sundays and legal holidays) next preceding the
day of the meeting or by telegraph, cable, telecopier or telex, or personally in
writing, on or before the first day next preceding the day of the meeting.

SECTION 6.  Number of Directors.  The number of directors which shall constitute
the whole board of directors of the Corporation shall be not less than seven nor
more than fifteen; provided that at all times a majority of the directors shall
be persons who are not employed by the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries
unless a proviso is waived by a majority of directors who are not so employed
present at a meeting at which it is determined that such waiver is in the best
interest of the Corporation.  Within such limits the number of directors shall
be as fixed at any meeting of the board of directors by resolution adopted by a
majority of the directors then in office; provided, however, that no decrease in
the number of directors constituting the whole board shall shorten the term of
any incumbent director.  Vacancies created by an increase in the number of
directors may be filled as provided in Section 10 of this Article III.

SECTION 7.  Quorum.  The presence at any meeting of the board of directors of a
majority of the number of directors then in office shall constitute a quorum for
the transaction of business except as otherwise provided in Section 10 of this
Article III.

SECTION 8.  Voting.  The vote of the majority of the directors present at a
meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the board of directors
unless by provision of statute, the certificate of incorporation or these by-
laws the vote of a different number of directors is required, in which case such
provision shall govern.

SECTION 9.  Resignation.  Any director or member of a committee of directors may
resign at any time.  Such resignation shall be made in writing, and shall take
effect at the time specified therein, and if no time be specified, at the time
of its receipt by the Chairman of the Board, any Vice Chairman, President or
Secretary. Except as hereinafter provided, the acceptance of a resignation shall
not be necessary to make it effective.  When there is a change in the principal
occupation of a director from that in which he or she was engaged when elected
to the board, such director shall promptly give notice of the change and submit
a resignation from the board and all committees for consideration by the
Chairman.  The Chairman, with the approval of the full board, may elect to
accept or reject such resignation.  Directors who are full-time employees of the
Corporation or one of its subsidiaries must promptly resign from the board and
all committees whenever their term of employment ends for any reason, including
but not limited to retirement; the effective date of such resignation to be not
later than the last day of employment.  The requirement that a director submit a
resignation due to a change in occupation or due to the termination of
employment with the Corporation or one of its subsidiaries may be waived by a
majority of all other directors present at a meeting of directors at which it is
determined that such waiver is in the best interest of the Corporation.

SECTION 10.  Filling of Vacancies.  Subject to the rights of holders of
Preferred Stock, in the event of a vacancy in the board of directors or any
newly created directorship resulting from any increase in the number of
directors or any vacancy in any committee of directors, a majority of the
directors, excluding any directors who shall theretofore have resigned effective
as of a future date, 

                                      -5-
<PAGE>
 
may, although less than a quorum, appoint any person to fill such vacancy upon
the occurrence thereof (such person to hold office for the unexpired term of
such office), or to fill such newly created directorship (such person to serve
for the term for the class of directors of which such director is a member), and
until such director's successor shall have been elected or qualified or until
such director's earlier death, resignation, or removal from office.

SECTION 11.  Ratification by Stockholders.  Any contract, transaction or act of
the Corporation or of the board of directors or of any committee thereof or of
any officer of the Corporation which shall be ratified at any annual meeting of
stockholders or at any special meeting thereof called for such purpose by the
holders of a majority of the voting power of the then outstanding stock of the
Corporation shall be as valid and binding upon the Corporation and all of its
stockholders as though ratified by every stockholder of the Corporation.

SECTION 12.  Compensation of Directors.  Directors and members of any committee
of directors, other than those who shall be officers or employees of the
Corporation or of a subsidiary thereof, shall be entitled to receive for their
services as such directors or members either an annual fee or a fixed fee, or
both, for attendance at meetings of the board or such committee, in such amounts
as may be provided from time to time by resolution of the board, in addition to
which directors and committee members shall be entitled to receive reimbursement
for their expenses of attendance at meetings of the board or such committee;
provided that nothing herein contained shall be construed to preclude any
director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving com-
pensation therefor.


                                   ARTICLE IV
                                   ----------

                                   COMMITTEES

SECTION 1.  Appointment; Powers.  The board of directors by resolution adopted
by a majority of the whole board, may, (by provision of these by-laws or
otherwise) designate one or more committees of the board, each committee to
consist of such number of directors, in no event less than two, and to have such
powers of affairs of the Corporation as the board may determine and specify in
such a resolution.  The board of directors may at any time, by resolution
similarly adopted, change the number, members or powers of any such committee,
fill vacancies, or discharge any such committee.

SECTION 2.  Procedures; Meetings; Quorum.  To the extent any such action is not
taken by the board of directors, each committee may choose its own chairman and
secretary, fix its own rules of procedure, and meet at such times and at such
place or places as may be provided by such rules.  At every meeting of each
committee, the presence of a majority of all the members thereof shall be
necessary to constitute a quorum and the affirmative vote of a majority of the
members present shall be necessary to decide any question before the committee.

SECTION 3.  Human Resources Committee.  The Human Resources Committee shall
consist of such directors of the Corporation who are not officers or employees
of the Corporation or of any 

                                      -6-
<PAGE>
 
subsidiary as shall be appointed from time to time by the board of directors.
The Human Resources Committee shall make determinations and awards pursuant to
any bonus or incentive plans of the Corporation, determine salaries to be paid
to officers of the Corporation, the terms and conditions of their employment,
the allotment of shares to officers and other employees under any stock option
plan of the Corporation, and shall also make such other determinations as the
Committee deems proper relating to remuneration or benefits to be paid to
officers of the Corporation. At each meeting of the board of directors a report
shall be made to the board respecting such determinations made by the Committee
subsequent to the next preceding meeting of the board, and each such
determination so made and reported shall be final unless, at said meeting, the
same shall be revoked or modified by action of the board. In addition, the
Chairman of the Board shall review with the Committee from time to time plans
for the development, training and utilization of the management resources of the
Corporation. On such occasions, the Human Resources Committee shall act in an
advisory capacity to the Chief Executive Officer in respect of the foregoing.
The Human Resources Committee shall have and perform such other and additional
duties as from time to time may be prescribed by the board of directors.

SECTION 4.  Finance Committee.  The Finance Committee shall consist of such
directors of the Corporation, a majority of whom are not officers or employees
of the Corporation or of any subsidiary, as shall be appointed from time to time
by the board of directors. The Finance Committee shall consider and make
recommendations to the board of directors as to such financial matters
concerning the Corporation as shall be referred to it by the board of directors,
or the Chairman of the Board, or which the Committee may consider on its own
initiative, and perform such additional duties as from time to time may be
prescribed by the board of directors.

SECTION 5.  Audit Committee.  The Audit Committee shall consist of at least
three (3) but not more than five (5) directors of the Corporation, who are not
officers or employees of the Corporation or of any subsidiary, as shall be
appointed from time to time by the board of directors.  The Audit Committee
shall (i) consider and make recommendations to the board of directors as to such
auditing matters concerning the Corporation as shall be referred to it by the
board of directors, or the Chairman of the Board, or which the Committee may
consider on its own initiative; (ii) each year recommend to the board of
directors, for appointment by the board, independent auditors of the Corporation
and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, respectively, for such year, to audit the
financial statements of the Corporation and such subsidiaries, and to perform
such other duties as the board may prescribe; (iii)  have authority, to the
extent considered desirable by the Committee, to examine into and make
recommendations to the board of directors in respect of (a) the general scope
and results of the audit conducted by the independent auditors; (b) the internal
controls, systems and processes maintained by the Corporation to protect assets
and manage risks; (c) legal, regulatory, compliance or similar matters that may
have a material impact on the Corporation's financial position, and (d) the
appointment, replacement, reassignment or dismissal of the director of internal
audit; and (iv) perform such additional duties as from time to time may be
prescribed by the board of directors.  The Audit Committee shall have the power
to conduct or authorize investigations into any matters within the Committee's
scope of responsibilities and, in connection therewith, may retain independent
counsel, accountants or others to assist it.

                                      -7-
<PAGE>
 
SECTION 6.  Corporate Governance Committee.  The Corporate Governance Committee
shall consist of at least three (3) but not more than five (5) directors of the
Corporation who are not officers or employees of the Corporation or of any
subsidiary, as shall be appointed from time to time by the board of directors.
The Corporate Governance Committee shall (i) in consultation with the Chairman
of the Board, consider and make recommendations to the full board of directors
concerning the number and accountability of board committees, committee
assignments and committee membership rotation practices, (ii) establish
qualifications, desired backgrounds and selection criteria for nominees to the
board of directors, (iii) recommend to the full board of directors nominees for
board membership, (iv) on an annual basis, conduct an evaluation of the
effectiveness of the full board of directors (but not of individual members) and
the effectiveness of overall governance practrices and guidelines, based on
input from all board members, and (v) perform such additional duties as from
time to time may be prescribed by the board of directors.


                                   ARTICLE V
                                   ---------

                                    OFFICERS

SECTION 1.  Officers.  The officers of the Corporation shall be a Chairman of
the Board, one or more Vice Chairmen, a President, one or more Vice Presidents,
a Treasurer, a Controller, and a Secretary, all of whom shall be elected by the
board of directors. Any two or more offices, except those of President and
Secretary, may be held by the same person.  In addition, the Chairman of the
Board may designate as Vice Presidents any number of individuals responsible for
major operations or functions of the Corporation. Each such Vice President
designated as a Senior Officer or member of the Chairman's Council, as evidenced
by a listing maintained by the Corporate Secretary, shall have all the authority
with respect to such individual's area of responsibility as is conferred upon a
Vice President elected by the board of directors.

The board of directors may appoint one or more Assistant Treasurers, one or more
Assistant Controllers, one or more Assistant Secretaries, and such other
assistant officers as the board may deem necessary, who shall have such
authority and shall perform such duties as from time to time may be prescribed
by the board of directors.

Subject to Section 9 of this Article V, each officer and assistant officer
elected or appointed by the board of directors or designated by the Chairman
shall hold office until the next annual meeting of the board of directors and
until his successor shall be chosen.

SECTION 2.  The Chairman of the Board.  The Chairman of the Board shall be a
director.  If so designated by the board of directors, he shall be the chief
executive officer of the Corporation and shall have general direction over the
affairs of the Corporation, subject to the control and direction of the board of
directors.  He shall, when present, preside as chairman at all meetings of the
stockholders and of the board of directors.  He may call meetings of the board
of directors whenever he deems it advisable.  In the absence or incapacity of
the President to act, he shall perform all duties and functions and exercise all
the powers of the President.  Unless otherwise provided by the board of
directors, he may execute and deliver bonds, notes, contracts, agreements 

                                      -8-
<PAGE>
 
or other obligations or instruments in the name of the Corporation, and with the
Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer, or the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary,
may execute and deliver all certificates for shares of the capital stock or
other securities of the Corporation and any warrants evidencing the right to
subscribe to shares of the capital stock of the Corporation. The Chairman of the
Board shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as from time to
time may be assigned to him by the board of directors.

SECTION 3.  Vice Chairman.  Each Vice Chairman shall be a director.  He shall
have such powers and shall perform such duties as may be assigned to him by the
board of directors or by the Chairman of the Board, or elsewhere in these by-
laws.

SECTION 4.  The President.  The President shall be a director.  If so designated
by the board of directors, he shall be the chief executive officer of the
Corporation and shall have general direction over the affairs of the
Corporation, subject to the control and direction of the Chairman of the Board
and the board of directors.  He shall have general charge, control and
supervision over the administration and operations of the Corporation, subject
to the control and direction of the board of directors and the Chairman of the
Board.  He shall keep the Chairman of the Board fully informed concerning the
business of the Corporation under his supervision.  In the absence or incapacity
of the Chairman of the Board, a Vice Chairman or the President shall preside at
meetings of the stockholders and of the board of directors and shall perform all
duties and functions and exercise all the powers of the Chairman of the Board.
Unless otherwise provided by the board of directors, the President may execute
and deliver bonds, notes, contracts, agreements or other obligations or
instruments in the name of the Corporation, and with the Treasurer or an
Assistant Treasurer, or the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary, may execute and
deliver all certificates for shares of the capital stock or other securities of
the Corporation and any warrants evidencing the right to subscribe to shares of
the capital stock of the Corporation.  In general, the President shall have and
perform all powers and duties incident to the office of a president of a
corporation and such other powers and duties as from time to time may be
assigned to him by the board of directors or the Chairman of the Board.

SECTION 5.  Vice President.  In the absence or incapacity of the Chairman of the
Board, any Vice Chairman, or the President, a Vice President designated by the
Chairman of the Board or by the board of directors shall have and perform all
the duties of the President, and when so acting, shall have all the powers of
and be subject to all the restrictions upon the President.  Each Vice President
shall have such other powers and shall perform such other duties as may be
assigned to him by the board of directors or by the Chairman of the Board, any
Vice Chairman, or the President.

SECTION 6.  Treasurer.  The Treasurer shall have responsibility for the custody
and safekeeping of all funds and securities of the Corporation; he shall obtain
and maintain appropriate insurance for the benefit of the Corporation; he shall
be responsible for determining credit policies of the Corporation, for
administration of such policies, and collection of monies due the Corporation in
accordance therewith; he may sign with the Chairman of the Board, any Vice
Chairman, or the President any or all certificates for shares of the capital
stock or other securities of the Corporation and any warrants evidencing the
right to subscribe to shares of the capital stock of the Corporation; and in
general he shall have and perform all of the other powers and duties incident to
the office of 

                                      -9-
<PAGE>
 
treasurer and such other powers and duties as may be assigned to him by the
board of directors or the Chairman of the Board, any Vice Chairman, or the
President.

SECTION 7.  The Controller.  The Controller shall be the chief accounting
officer of the Corporation, shall maintain adequate records of its assets,
liabilities and transactions, shall see that adequate audits thereof are
currently and regularly made,  and shall be in charge of its books of account
and its accounting and financial statements and records, operating reports,
budgets, statistics, and estimates and projections.  He shall be responsible for
the development and maintenance of inventory control records and the taking and
costing of physical inventories; for the initiation, preparation and issuance of
standard practices relating to all accounting matters and procedures, and the
coordination of accounting systems throughout the Corporation and its
subsidiaries; and for the analysis and interpretation of significant data to
develop trends and cost comparisons, which shall be made available to the
Corporation's management together with his conclusions therefrom.  He shall
maintain adequate records of authorized appropriations and determine that all
sums expended pursuant thereto are accounted for, and shall be responsible for
the preparation and filing of tax returns and all matters relating to taxes.
The Controller shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as may
from time to time be assigned to him by the board of directors or the Chairman
of the Board, any Vice Chairman, or the President.

SECTION 8.  The Secretary.  The Secretary shall keep or cause to be kept the
minutes of all meetings of the stockholders and of the board of directors; shall
see that all notices are duly given in accordance with the provisions of these
by-laws and as required by law; shall be custodian of the minute books, stock
ledger, and similar corporate records and of the seal of the Corporation and see
that the seal is affixed to all documents the execution and delivery of which on
behalf of the Corporation under its seal are duly authorized in accordance with
the provisions of these by-laws; shall keep or cause to be kept a stock ledger
of the Corporation containing a complete list of stockholders, the post office
address of each stockholder, and the number of shares registered in the name of
each stockholder; may sign with the Chairman of the Board, any Vice Chairman, or
the President any and all certificates for shares of the capital stock or other
securities of the Corporation and any warrants evidencing the right to subscribe
to shares of the capital stock of the Corporation; and in general the Secretary
shall have and perform all powers and duties incident to the office of the
secretary and such other powers and duties as may, from time to time, be
assigned to him by the board of directors or the Chairman of the Board, any Vice
Chairman, or the President.

SECTION 9.  Removal of Officers.  Any officer elected or appointed by the board
of directors may be removed, either with or without cause, by the vote of a
majority of the directors then in office at any meeting of the board of
directors.  Any Vice President designated by the Chairman of the Board may be
removed, either with or without cause, by written designation from the Chairman
delivered to the Corporate Secretary.

SECTION 10.  Filling of Vacancies.  If a vacancy shall exist in the office of
any officer or assistant officer of the Corporation, the board of directors may
elect or appoint any person to fill such vacancy, such person to hold office
(subject to Section 9 of this Article V) until the next annual meeting of the
board of directors and until his successor shall be chosen and qualified.

                                      -10-
<PAGE>
 
                                   ARTICLE VI
                                   ----------

                                 CAPITAL STOCK

SECTION 1.  Transfer of Shares.  The shares of stock of the Corporation shall be
transferable only upon its books by the holders thereof in person or by their
duly authorized attorneys or legal representatives or pursuant to the unclaimed
property laws of the various states and upon such transfer the old certificates
shall be surrendered to the Corporation by the delivery thereof to the Secretary
or the transfer agent for said shares of stock, or to such other person as the
board of directors may designate, by whom such old certificates shall be
cancelled, and new certificates shall thereupon be issued.  A record shall be
made of each transfer.

SECTION 2.  Lost or Destroyed Certificates.  The board of directors may
determine the conditions upon which a new certificate of stock may be issued in
place of a certificate which is alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed;
and may, in the board's discretion, require the owner of such certificate or his
legal representative to give bond, with such surety, if any, as the board shall
deem appropriate, sufficient to indemnify the Corporation and each transfer
agent and registrar, against any claim which may arise by reason of the alleged
loss, theft or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of such new
certificate.

SECTION 3.  Unclaimed Property Laws.  The officers of the Corporation who are
authorized to issue or cause the issuance of duplicate stock certificates
pursuant to Section 2 of this Article VI are hereby authorized to issue or cause
the issuance of duplicate stock certificates, without cancellation of the
original certificates, as may be required in respect of compliance with the un-
claimed property laws of any state.


                                  ARTICLE VII
                                  -----------

                                 CORPORATE SEAL

The board of directors shall authorize and establish a corporate seal containing
the name of the Corporation, the words "Corporate Seal" and "Delaware", and
otherwise in such form as shall be approved by the board of directors.


                                  ARTICLE VIII
                                  ------------

                            MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

SECTION 1.  Fiscal Year.  The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be the
calendar year.

                                      -11-
<PAGE>
 
SECTION 2.  Notice.  Any notice required, (i) if given by mail, shall be deemed
to have been given upon the deposit thereof in a post office box, postage
prepaid, or (ii) if given by telegraph or cable, shall be deemed to have been
given upon delivery thereof to the telegraph or cable company for transmission,
or (iii) if the person entitled to notice has facilities for the receipt of
telecopies or telex, shall be deemed to have been given upon transmission of the
notice by such means; and in any instance the notice shall be addressed to the
person entitled thereto at such person's last known address according to the
records of the Corporation.

SECTION 3.  Voting Upon Stocks.  Unless otherwise ordered by the board of
directors, the Chairman of the Board, any Vice Chairman, or the President shall
have full power and authority in behalf of the Corporation to attend and to act
and to vote at any meeting of stockholders of any corporation in which the
Corporation may hold stock, and also to execute and deliver for and on behalf of
the Corporation proxies in respect of such meetings, and at any such meeting the
Chairman of the Board, any Vice Chairman, or the President or the individual or
individuals named in the proxy executed by the Chairman of the Board, any Vice
Chairman, or the President in respect of such meeting shall possess and may
exercise any and all the rights and powers incident to the ownership of such
stock and which, as the owner thereof, the Corporation might have possessed and
exercised if present.  The board of directors, by resolution, from time to time
may confer like powers upon any other person or persons, which powers may be
general or confined to specific instances.

SECTION 4.  Action Without Meeting.  Any action required or permitted to be
taken at any meeting of the board of directors or of any committee thereof may
be taken without a meeting if all members of the board or such committee, as
the case may be,  consent thereto in writing, and the writing or writings are
filed with the minutes of proceeding of the board or committee.


                                   ARTICLE IX
                                   ----------

                                   AMENDMENTS

The board of directors shall have full power to alter, amend or repeal these by-
laws or any provision thereof, or to adopt new by-laws, at any regular meeting
as part of the general business of such meeting, or at a special meeting called
for the purpose.  By-laws adopted, altered or amended by the board of directors
may be altered, amended or repealed by the stockholders.  Notwithstanding the
preceding sentence, and subject to the rights of holders of Preferred Stock, any
action of the stockholders to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the by-laws shall
require the affirmative vote of at least eighty percent (80%) of the holders of
common stock of the Corporation.


                               * * * * * * * * *

                                      -12-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.IIIO
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>EXEC. OFFICER BONUS PLAN
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
 
                       Executive Officer Bonus Plan

                       Whirlpool Corporation

                       Effective as of January 1, 1994


 
<PAGE>
 
Contents
- --------------------------------------------------
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
 
                                              Page
<S>                                           <C>
Article 1. General                               1
 
Article 2. Definitions                           1
 
Article 3. Eligibility and Participation         2
 
Article 4. Award Determination and Payment       2
 
Article 5. Termination of Employment             3
 
Article 6. Miscellaneous Provisions              3
</TABLE>

<PAGE>
 
Whirlpool Corporation
Executive Officer Bonus Plan

Article 1. General

          1.1 ESTABLISHMENT OF THE PLAN. Whirlpool Corporation, a Delaware
corporation (the "Company"), hereby adopts this Plan, which shall be known as
the "Whirlpool Corporation Executive Officer Bonus Plan" (the "Plan").

          1.2 PURPOSE. The purpose of the Plan is to motivate senior executive
officers to focus attention on shareholder value, drive performance in support
of this goal and other business goals, and reward individual performance.

          1.3 ADMINISTRATION.

          (a) The Plan shall be administered by the Committee.

          (b) Subject to the limitations of the Plan, the Committee shall: (i)
              select from the Executive Officers of the Company, those who shall
              partici-pate in the Plan (a "Participant" or "Participants"), (ii)
              make Awards in such amounts as it shall determine, (iii) impose
              such limitations, restrictions, and conditions upon such Awards as
              it shall deem appropriate, (iv) interpret the Plan, (v) correct
              any defect or omission or reconcile any inconsistency in this Plan
              or in any Award granted hereunder, and (vi) make all other
              necessary determinations and take all other actions necessary or
              advisable for the implementation and administration of the Plan.
              The Committee's determinations on matters within its authority
              shall be conclusive and binding upon the Company and all other
              Persons.

          (c) All expenses associated with the Plan shall be borne by the
              Company, subject to such allocation to its subsidiaries and
              operating units as it deems appropriate.

Article 2. Definitions

          2.1 DEFINITIONS. Whenever used herein, the following terms shall have
the meaning set forth below, unless otherwise expressly provided.

          (a) "Award" shall mean the amount earned by a Participant as
determined by the Committee.

          (b) "Board" shall mean the Board of Directors of Whirlpool
Corporation.

                                       1
<PAGE>
 
          (c) "Committee" shall mean the Human Resources Committee of the Board
              or such other Committee as is designated by the Board. The members
              shall be appointed by the Board of Directors, and any vacancy on
              the Committee shall be filled by the Board of Directors.

          (d) "Company" shall mean Whirlpool Corporation and its Subsidiaries.

          (e) "Executive Officer" shall mean the Chief Executive Officer, the
              President, and any Executive Vice President designated by the
              Committee.

          (f) "Participant" shall mean an Executive Officer who is approved by
              the Committee for participation in the Plan for a specified Plan
              Year.

          (g) "Plan Year" shall mean the Company's fiscal year.

          2.2 GENDER AND NUMBER. Except when otherwise indicated by the context,
words in the masculine gender, when used in the Plan, shall include the feminine
gender, the singular shall include the plural, and the plural shall include the
singular.

Article 3. Eligibility and Participation

          3.1 ELIGIBILITY. Eligibility for participation in the Plan shall be
limited to Executive Officers subject to the reporting requirements of Section
16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time, or any
successor Act thereto.

          3.2 PARTICIPATION. Participation in the Plan shall be based on the
approval of the Committee, from the Executive Officers eligible for
participation in
the Plan.

Article 4. Award Determination and Payment

          4.1 AWARD DETERMINATION. At the end of each Plan Year, the Committee
shall determine the Award for each Participant under the Plan based on such
criteria as the Committee deems appropriate.

          4.2 FORM AND TIMING OF PAYMENT. Payment of Awards determined pursuant
to Section 4.1 herein shall be made as the Committee, in its discretion, shall
determine.

                                       2
<PAGE>
 
Article 5. Termination of Employment

          In the event a Participant's employment is terminated for any reason
including death, disability, retirement, reduction-in-force, transfer to an
affiliate not included in the Plan, change in control, and voluntary and
involuntary terminations, the Participant shall receive an Award for the Plan
Year in which the termination occurs only if the Committee approves, based on
criteria it deems appropriate.

Article 6. Miscellaneous Provisions

          6.1 TAX WITHHOLDING. The Company shall have the right to deduct from
all payments under this Plan any foreign, Federal, state, or local taxes
required by law to be withheld with respect to such payments.

          6.2 AMENDMENTS. The Company, in its absolute discretion, without
notice, at any time and from time to time, may modify or amend, in whole or in
part, any or all of the provisions of this Plan, or suspend or terminate it
entirely.

          6.3 INDEMNIFICATION. Each person who is or shall have been a member of
the Committee or the Board of the Company shall be indemnified and held harmless
by the Company against and from any loss, cost, liability, or expense,
including, without limitation, fees and expenses of legal counsel, that may have
been imposed upon or reasonably incurred by him in connection with or resulting
from any claim, action, suit, or proceeding to which he may be a party or in
which he may be involved by reason of any action taken or failure to act under
the Plan and against and from any and all amounts paid by him in settlement
thereof, with the Company's approval, or paid by him in satisfaction of any
judgment in any such action, suit, or proceeding against him, provided he shall
give the Company an opportunity, at its own expense, to handle and defend the
same before he undertakes to handle and defend it on his own behalf. The
foregoing right of indemnification shall not be exclusive of any other rights of
indemnification to which such person may be entitled under the Company's
Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws, as a matter of law, or otherwise, or any
power that the Company may have to indemnify him or hold him harmless.

          6.4 RIGHTS OF PARTICIPANTS. Nothing in this Plan shall interfere with
or limit in any way the right of the Company to terminate or change a
Participant's employment at any time, nor confer upon any Participant, any right
to continue in the employ of the Company for any period of time or to continue
his present or any other rate of compensation. No Participant in a previous Plan
Year, shall have a right to be selected for participation in a current or future
Plan Year.

          6.5 GOVERNING LAW. The Plan shall be construed in accordance with and
governed by the laws of the State of Michigan.

          6.6 EFFECTIVE DATE. The Plan shall be deemed effective as of January
1, 1994.

                                       3
<PAGE>
 
          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to be
executed by its duly authorized officers effective as of January 1, 1994.

                                       WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION


                                       By:_____________________________________

                                       Its:_________________________________

ATTEST:


By:________________________________

Its:__

                                       4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.IIIP
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>CHARITABLE AWARD CONTRIBUTIONS
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
 
                             WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION
                             ---------------------

                         CHARITABLE AWARD CONTRIBUTION
                         -----------------------------
                       AND ADDITIONAL LIFE INSURANCE PLAN
                       ----------------------------------
                                 FOR DIRECTORS
                                 -------------


ARTICLE I - DEFINITIONS
- -----------------------

     1.1  "Additional Life Insurance" means term life insurance provided by an
insurance company chosen by the Company insuring the life of an Outside Director
covering the period of the term for which such Outside Director is elected,
payable to such beneficiaries as the Outside Director elects and in the amount
of $500,000, $750,000 or $1,000,000 as specified in a Notification given by such
Outside Director under Article V.

     1.2  "Charitable Award" shall mean such contribution or contributions as
the Company may make in the name of an Outside Director to up to three
charitable organizations following the death of such Outside Director as
suggested in a Notification given under Article IV.  It is contemplated that the
total amount of the Charitable Award shall be $250,000, $500,000, $750,000 or
$1,000,000 divided among such charitable organizations as suggested in the
Notification and the amount suggested for each such organization shall be
$250,000 or an integral multiple thereof.

     1.3  "Company" shall mean Whirlpool Corporation, a Delaware corporation
with offices at its Administrative Center, Benton Harbor, Michigan 49022.

     1.4  "Compensation" shall mean the annual retainer earned by an Outside
Director for serving on the Company's Board of Directors.

     1.5  "Insurance Term" has the meaning specified in Section 5.1.

     1.6  "Notification" shall have the meaning specified in Section 3.2.

     1.7  "Outside Director" shall mean a member of the Company's Board of
Directors who is not an employee of the Company or of any subsidiary of the
Company.

     1.8  "Plan Participant" shall mean an Outside Director who has elected (i)
to relinquish Compensation and request that the Company at its sole discretion
make a 
<PAGE>
 
Charitable Award or (ii) to allocate Compensation to Additional Life Insurance
pursuant to this Plan.

     1.9  "Plan" shall mean the Whirlpool Corporation Charitable Award and
Additional Life Insurance Plan for Directors, effective April 20, 1993.

     1.10 "Relinquishment Period" shall mean a number of Term Years specified in
a Notification given under Article IV relinquishing Compensation and suggesting
that the Company consider making a Charitable Award, which period shall not be
greater than nine Term Years commencing with the Term Year in which such
Notification is given or, if less, the number of Term Years from (and including)
the Term Year in which such Notification to (and including) the term year in
which the Outside Director giving such Notification will become 70 years of age.
In any event, the end of the Relinquishment Period must coincide with the end of
the Outside Director's normal three-year term of office. If an Outside Director
is appointed or elected to the Board of Directors during a Term Year, the
Relinquishment Period shall commence with the succeeding Term Year.

     1.11  "Term Year" shall mean the annual period beginning on the date of the
annual meeting of the Company's stockholders.

ARTICLE II - PLAN PURPOSE, ELIGIBILITY AND EFFECTIVE DATE
- ---------------------------------------------------------

     2.1  The Plan has been established for the mutual benefit of the Company
and Plan Participants with the primary purpose of making the form of
Compensation of Outside Directors more flexible by permitting such Directors to
allocate Compensation to Additional Life Insurance or to relinquish Compensation
and request that the Company at its sole discretion make a Charitable Award.

     2.2  The Plan shall be effective with respect to Compensation payable to
Outside Directors with respect to Term Years beginning in 1993 and thereafter.

ARTICLE III - PLAN ADMINISTRATION
- ---------------------------------

     3.1  The Company shall have full power and authority to administer the
Plan, subject to the express provisions of the Plan.

     3.2  Each election to allocate or relinquish Compensation pursuant to the
Plan and any amendment to such election shall be made on a notification form (a
"Notification") provided by the Company and signed by the Plan Participant.
Each Notification shall be effective when it is received by the Secretary of the
Company.

                                      -2-
<PAGE>
 
ARTICLE IV - CHARITABLE AWARDS
- ------------------------------

     4.1  At any time prior to the election or appointment of an Outside
Director to the Board of Directors, such Outside Director may submit a
Notification relinquishing Compensation and suggesting that the Company consider
making a Charitable Award; provided, however, that such a Notification may be
submitted within 30 days after the adoption of the Plan.  Such Notification
shall indicate:

     (a) the charitable organization or organizations to whom such Charitable 
         Award might be made,

     (b) the amount of the suggested Charitable Award,

     (c) the Relinquishment Period, and

     (d) the amount of Compensation which is to be relinquished in each Term 
         Year in the Relinquishment Period.

The Outside Director shall cooperate with any requests by the Company to provide
information that will facilitate the Company's obtaining insurance on the life
of the Outside Director.

     4.2  A Notification relinquishing Compensation shall become effective
immediately and may not be revoked or modified by the Outside Director who gave
it and the Company shall reduce the Compensation of such Outside Director during
the Relinquishment Period by the amount of Compensation relinquished in the
Notification.

     4.3  Following the end of the Relinquishment Period specified in an Outside
Director's Notification relinquishing Compensation, the Company shall determine
whether to make a Charitable Award as suggested by such Director in the
Notification.  Such determination, including any modification of such suggested
Charitable Award, shall be made by the Company in its sole discretion, by vote
of a majority of the Board of Directors (excluding the Outside Director whose
Notification is being considered).

ARTICLE V - ADDITIONAL LIFE INSURANCE
- -------------------------------------

     5.1  At any time prior to the election or appointment of an Outside
Director to the Board of Directors, such Outside Director may submit a
Notification requesting the Compensation be allocated to Additional Life
Insurance; provided, however, that such a Notification may be submitted within
30 days after the adoption of the Plan.  Such Notification shall specify the
amount of Additional Life Insurance and the amount of Compensation which is to
be 

                                      -3-
<PAGE>
 
allocated to the Additional Life Insurance during each Term Year of the Outside
Director's next term as such (the "Insurance Term"). The office of the Secretary
of the Company will advise an Outside Director wishing to allocate Compensation
to Additional Life Insurance of the amount which must be allocated in each Term
Year with respect to such Additional Life Insurance promptly after such office
is advised of the amount of Additional Life Insurance to be requested and of any
other information requested by such office, including information required to
determine the cost to the Company of such Additional Life Insurance.

     5.2  The Company may reject any Notification requesting Additional Life
Insurance within 30 days after its receipt for any reason including, without
limitation:

     (a) inability of the Company to deduct the premiums for the Additional Life
         Insurance from income in computing the Company's federal income taxes;

     (b) the amount of Compensation required to be allocated by the Company 
         with respect to such Additional Life Insurance exceeding the amount of
         Compensation available therefore (after deduction of amounts deferred
         by the Outside Director under any deferred compensation plan of the
         Company and any relinquishment made under the Plan);

     (c) inability of the Company to obtain the Additional Life Insurance at a 
         reasonable cost; and

     (d) failure of the Notification to comply with the terms of the Plan.

     5.3  If not rejected by the Company as provided in Section 5.2, a
Notification requesting Additional Life Insurance shall become effective and may
not be revoked or modified by the Outside Director who gave it and the Company
shall reduce the Compensation of such Outside Director during the Insurance Term
by the amount of Compensation allocated in the Notification.

     5.4  If an Outside Director who has allocated Compensation to Additional
Life Insurance ceases to be an Outside Director during the Insurance Term, the
Company may in its sole discretion allow Outside Director to take over
responsibility with respect to the remaining payments due on the insurance.

                                      -4-
<PAGE>
 
ARTICLE VI - PLAN AMENDMENT OR TERMINATION
- ------------------------------------------

     6.1  The Board of Directors shall have the right to amend the Plan from
time to time or to terminate the privilege under the Plan of allocating to
Additional Life Insurance or relinquishing Compensation to be earned, but any
such amendment or termination shall not affect adversely the rights of any Plan
Participant.  The Board of Directors, by action of a majority of non-Plan
Participant Directors, may elect to terminate the Plan, in which event, the
Company shall allow Outside Director to take over responsibility with respect to
the remaining payments due on the insurance.

ARTICLE VII-NON-ASSIGNABILITY; NO THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES
- -----------------------------------------------------------

     7.1  No Plan Participant may assign his or her rights hereunder.  This 
Plan shall not be deemed to create any right in any person other than Outside
Directors.

                                      -5-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-11
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>COMPUTATION OF EARNINGS
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
 
          EXHIBIT 11--STATEMENT RE: COMPUTATION OF EARNINGS PER SHARE
 
                     WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
                (MILLIONS OF DOLLARS EXCEPT EARNINGS PER SHARE)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                          1994   1993    1992
                                                         ------ ------  ------
<S>                                                      <C>    <C>     <C>
Primary
  Average Shares Outstanding............................   74.2   71.1    69.8
  Treasury Method (Average Market Price)
    Stock Options.......................................    1.0    1.2     0.7
    Restricted Stock (RSVP).............................    0.3    --      --
                                                         ------ ------  ------
  Primary Average Shares Outstanding....................   75.5   72.3    70.5
                                                         ====== ======  ======
  Net Earnings Before Cumulative Effect of Accounting
   Change............................................... $158.3 $230.7  $204.7
  RSVP Amortization, net of tax.........................    --     --      --
                                                         ------ ------  ------
  Primary Net Earnings Before Cumulative Effect of
   Accounting Change.................................... $158.3 $230.7  $204.7
                                                         ====== ======  ======
  Earnings Per Share Before Cumulative Effect of
   Accounting Change.................................... $ 2.10 $ 3.19  $ 2.90
                                                         ====== ======  ======
  Less Cumulative Effect of Accounting Change........... $  --  $(2.52) $  --
                                                         ====== ======  ======
  Earnings Per Share.................................... $ 2.10 $ 0.67  $ 2.90
                                                         ====== ======  ======
Fully Diluted
  Average Shares Outstanding............................   74.2   71.1    69.8
  Treasury Method (Average Market Price or End of
   Period, whichever is greater):
    Stock Options.......................................    1.2    2.0     1.3
    Restricted Stock....................................    0.3    --      --
  Assumed Conversion of Debt (4,885 shares issued May
   1991)..................................................  2.2    3.3     4.9
                                                         ------ ------  ------
  Fully Diluted Average Shares Outstanding..............   77.9   76.4    76.0
                                                         ====== ======  ======
  Net Earnings Before Cumulative Effect of Accounting
   Change............................................... $158.3 $230.7  $204.7
  Interest Expense, net of tax..........................    4.3    7.3     7.6
  RSVP Amortization, net of tax.........................    --     --      --
                                                         ------ ------  ------
  Fully Diluted Net Earnings Before Cumulative Effect of
   Accounting Change.................................... $162.6 $238.0  $212.3
                                                         ====== ======  ======
  Earnings Per Share Before Cumulative Effect of
   Accounting Change.................................... $ 2.09 $ 3.11  $ 2.79
                                                         ====== ======  ======
  Net Earnings.......................................... $158.3 $ 50.7  $204.7
  Interest Expense, net of tax..........................    4.3    7.3     7.6
  RSVP Amortization, net of tax.........................    --     --      --
                                                         ------ ------  ------
  Fully Diluted Net Earnings............................ $162.6 $ 58.0  $212.3
                                                         ====== ======  ======
  Earnings Per Share.................................... $ 2.09 $ 0.67* $ 2.79
                                                         ====== ======  ======
</TABLE>
- --------
*Since the fully diluted net earnings per share is anti-dilutive, the primary
   net earnings per share is presented.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-12
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
 
                  EXHIBIT 12--STATEMENT RE: COMPUTATION OF THE
                      RATIOS OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES
 
                     WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1994
                                                 -------------------------------
                                                 APPLIANCE FINANCIAL  WHIRLPOOL
                                                 BUSINESS  SERVICES  CORPORATION
                                                 --------- --------- -----------
                                                      (MILLIONS OF DOLLARS)
<S>                                              <C>       <C>       <C>
Pretax earnings................................   $268.9     $23.4     $292.3
Portion of rents representative of the interest
 factor........................................     19.6       0.8       20.4
Interest on indebtedness.......................    102.4      61.0      163.4
Amortization of debt expense and premium.......      1.9       0.1        2.0
WFC preferred stock dividend...................      --        4.5        4.5
                                                  ------     -----     ------
  Adjusted income..............................   $392.8     $89.8     $482.6
                                                  ======     =====     ======
<CAPTION>
FIXED CHARGES
- -------------
<S>                                              <C>       <C>       <C>
Portion of rents representative of the interest
 factor........................................   $ 19.6     $ 0.8     $ 20.4
Interest on indebtedness.......................    102.4      61.0      163.4
Amortization of debt expense and premium.......      1.9       0.1        2.0
WFC preferred stock dividend...................      --        4.5        4.5
                                                  ------     -----     ------
                                                  $123.9     $66.4     $190.3
                                                  ======     =====     ======
Ratio of earnings to fixed charges.............     3.17      1.35       2.54
                                                  ======     =====     ======
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
 
                  EXHIBIT 12--STATEMENT RE: COMPUTATION OF THE
                      RATIOS OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES
 
                     WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1993
                                                 -------------------------------
                                                 APPLIANCE FINANCIAL  WHIRLPOOL
                                                 BUSINESS  SERVICES  CORPORATION
                                                 --------- --------- -----------
                                                      (MILLIONS OF DOLLARS)
<S>                                              <C>       <C>       <C>
Pretax earnings................................   $417.5    $(43.0)    $374.5
Portion of rents representative of the interest
 factor........................................     16.3       1.1       17.4
Interest on indebtedness.......................    102.8      67.2      170.0
Amortization of debt expense and premium.......      2.0       0.4        2.4
WFC preferred stock dividend...................      --        1.5        1.5
                                                  ------    ------     ------
  Adjusted income..............................   $538.6    $ 27.2     $565.8
                                                  ======    ======     ======
<CAPTION>
FIXED CHARGES
- -------------
<S>                                              <C>       <C>       <C>
Portion of rents representative of the interest
 factor........................................   $ 16.3    $  1.1     $ 17.4
Interest on indebtedness.......................    102.8      67.2      170.0
Amortization of debt expense and premium.......      2.0       0.4        2.4
WFC preferred stock dividend...................      --        1.5        1.5
                                                  ------    ------     ------
                                                  $121.1    $ 70.2     $191.3
                                                  ======    ======     ======
Ratio of earnings to fixed charges.............     4.45      0.39       2.96
                                                  ======    ======     ======
</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>ANNUAL REPORT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
 
                                                            Financial Review 23


                 . [ Management's Discussion and Analysis ] .

. Results of Operations

The consolidated statements of earnings summarize operating results for the last
three years.  This section of Management's Discussion highlights the main
factors affecting the changes in operating results during the three-year period.

   The accompanying consolidated financial statements include supplemental
consolidating data reflecting the Company's investment in Whirlpool Financial
Corporation ("WFC") on an equity basis rather than as a consolidated 
subsidiary. Management believes this presentation provides more meaningful
information about the major home appliance and financial services businesses.

Revenues

   Revenues were $8.1 billion in 1994, an increase of 8% over 1993 due 
primarily to unit volume increases and North America price increases. The
overall impact of currency fluctuations was not significant. North American
revenues increased 11% due primarily to increased volumes and pricing partially
offset by product mix. North American unit volumes increased 9% for the year
which was slightly below the overall increase for the industry. Shipments of
appliances bearing the KitchenAid, Whirlpool and Roper brand names were up
strongly for the year. Shipments to Sears under its Kenmore brand were down
slightly as Sears closed its catalog business and a number of retail stores in
1993. North American industry-wide shipments are currently expected to be up
about 3% in 1995. European revenues were up 7% due primarily to increased
volumes which grew at more than twice the rate of the industry average of 3%.
European industry-wide shipments are currently expected to be up about 2% in
1995. Additional price increases of about 2 to 3% were implemented in North
America and Europe effective January 1, 1995, in response to rising raw material
and component prices. Financial services revenues were down 5% in 1994 due
primarily to the continued liquidation of WFC's commercial lending portfolio.

   Revenues were $7.5 billion in 1993, an increase of 3% over 1992.  
Excluding the effects of currency fluctuations, revenues increased 8% in 1993
due primarily to unit volume increases. North American unit volumes and 
revenue were significantly ahead of the prior year periods and exceeded 
industry-wide shipment growth of about 5%. North America's Whirlpool, 
KitchenAid and Roper product brands all had strong unit volume and revenue 
gains for the year as did product manufactured for Sears under its Kenmore
brand. European unit volumes were ahead of 1992 even as industry-wide 
shipments were down 1 to 2%. Revenues were down due to currency 
fluctuations. Financial services revenues were down 18% in 1993 due to lower
volumes and interest rates. The declines were also related to WFC's
implementation of a new strategy to better complement Whirlpool's global home-
appliance business and phase out of aerospace and highly leveraged commercial
lending activities.

Expenses

   The relationship of cost of products sold to net sales deteriorated slightly
in 1994 compared to 1993.  North American margins were up slightly in 1994 due
to improved productivity, increased volumes and pricing partially offset by
chlorofluorocarbon (CFC) taxes, compliance costs associated with energy
regulatory requirements and product mix.  European margins were down in 
1994 due to the competitive pressures of a consolidating industry and to brand
and product mix as consumer demand shifted somewhat to lower-margin, value-
brand appliances.

   The relationship of cost of products sold to net sales improved about 1% in
1993 compared to 1992.  North American margins in 1993 were up slightly with
operating leverage offset by higher benefit costs associated with new accounting
rules (refer to Net Earnings) and the effect of a weakening Canadian dollar.
European margins were up significantly in 1993 due to the favorable impact of
currency movements on the European cost structure and ongoing productivity
improvements.

   The ratio of consolidated selling and administrative expenses as a percent 
of revenues, excluding the effect of the 1993 WFC first quarter charge (refer to
Net Earnings), was flat in 1994 compared to 1993. The appliance business 
expense ratio was up slightly. North American expenses as a percent of net sales
were up slightly due primarily to costs associated with the new distribution
arrangement (refer to Note 10 to the accompanying consolidated financial
statements) and due to costs related to a refrigerator conversion project.
European expenses as a percent of net sales were down due to ongoing cost
reduction initiatives. The year was also affected by a planned increase in costs
related to the Company's strategy to expand its presence in Asia. Financial
services expenses excluding nonrecurring charges, as a percent of the related
revenue, were up slightly due to accelerated depreciation of aircraft on lease
and increased operating expenses to support the inventory and consumer finance
businesses.
<PAGE>
 
24 Financial Review


           . [ Management's Discussion and Analysis (continued) ] .

   The ratio of consolidated selling and administrative expenses as a percent 
of revenues, excluding the effect of the 1993 WFC first quarter charge (refer to
Net Earnings), was up slightly in 1993 compared to 1992. Appliance business
expenses were slightly higher due to planned costs related to the Company's
strategy to expand its presence in Asia, higher technology spending and higher
expenses under incentive plans. Financial services expenses, excluding the 1993
charge mentioned earlier, increased due to higher loan loss provisions and
accelerated depreciation of aircraft on lease.

   Financial services interest expense was down in 1994 compared to 1993 
and in 1993 compared to 1992 due to reductions in investment levels and lower
interest rates.

   In the third quarter of 1994, the Company sold its minority interest 
position in Matsushita Floor Care Company (MFCC), a vacuum cleaner 
manufacturer, resulting in a $26 million pre-tax gain. The Company also sold its
European compressor operation in the second quarter of 1994 resulting in a $34
million pre-tax gain. Refer to Cash Flow - Investing Activities.

   Restructuring costs of $250 million for 1994 consist of charges to
consolidate and reorganize the Company's European sales, marketing and 
support functions to better serve dealers by trade channel rather than by
country, the closure of two North American manufacturing facilities and the
further consolidation and rationalization of North American operations. The
restructuring is expected to result in annual cost savings of $150 million by
1997. Refer to Note 10 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

   Restructuring costs for 1993 consist of charges to end independent
distributor agreements in North America in order to streamline the distribution
process, facility consolidation and employee related charges in Canada, the pre-
tax loss on the sale of a refrigerator plant in Barcelona, Spain, and employee
related costs associated with efforts to increase cost effectiveness in Europe.

   Restructuring costs for 1992 consist primarily of employee related costs to
strategically redirect the Company's financial services business, increase cost
effectiveness in the European appliance business and complete the compressor
facility consolidation announced in 1991.

Interest Expense

   Appliance business interest expense was flat in 1994 due to lower 
borrowing levels offset by higher interest rates. Appliance business interest
expense was down significantly in 1993 over 1992 due to lower borrowing levels
and lower interest rates.

Income Taxes

   The provision for income taxes as a percent of earnings before income 
taxes and other items was 60% in 1994 (40% excluding the effect of 
restructuring and business dispositions) compared to 40% in 1993 and 41% in
1992. The higher effective rate in 1994 is due primarily to the impact of the
1994 restructuring charge and a 1994 tax charge associated with the sale of the
European compressor operation partially offset by a 1994 tax benefit associated
with the sale of MFCC. Excluding the effects of restructuring and business
dispositions, the 1994 effective tax rate is essentially flat with the prior
year. The lower effective tax rate for 1993 compared to 1992 is due primarily to
utilization of European tax benefits and lower non-deductible expenses partially
offset by the higher U.S. Federal tax rate.

Earnings before Equity Earnings and Other Items

   Earnings before equity earnings and other items were $116 million in 
1994, $227 million in 1993 and $218 million in 1992. Excluding the impact of
restructuring, business dispositions and the 1993 WFC charge, earnings before
equity earnings and other items were $290 million in 1994, $281 million in 1993
and $243 million in 1992.

Equity in Affiliated Companies and Other

   Equity earnings were $59 million in 1994 compared to $16 million in 1993 
and equity losses of $13 million in 1992.

   The Company's Brazilian affiliates generated equity earnings of $39 
million in 1994 compared to $21 million in 1993 and equity losses of $10 million
in 1992. The Brazilian government implemented a new economic plan in 1994 
which increased consumer demand. Results were also favorably affected by
financial income and utilization of net operating loss carryforwards partially
offset by non-operating reserves. Effective May 1, 1994, two of the Brazilian
affiliates, Brastemp S.A. and Consul S.A., were merged into a new entity,
Multibras S.A. The merger resulted in operating efficiencies as an outcome of
consolidating selling and administrative functions, improved utilization of
prior year tax losses, and more flexibility in management of brands and
products. The 
<PAGE>
 
                                                            Financial Review 25




improved 1993 performance resulted primarily from higher sales volumes and
productivity improvements. The 1992 performance reflected higher operating
losses partially offset by the reversal of non-operating reserves established in
1991. The Company records the equity results of its Brazilian affiliates on a
one month lag.

   The Company's Mexican affiliate reported equity earnings of $16 million in
1994 compared to equity losses of $6 million and $5 million in 1993 and 1992.
The increase in 1994 is due to increased shipments, improved cost control and an
$8 million gain resulting from the devaluation of the Mexican peso.  Results in
1993 include a $3 million charge for taxes related to prior years.

   Economic volatility and exchange rate changes continue to affect 
consumer purchasing power and the appliance industry as a whole in Brazil and
Mexico.

Net Earnings

   In 1994, the Company recorded an after-tax restructuring charge of $192
million or $2.54 per share.  Business dispositions in 1994 resulted in an after-
tax gain of $18 million or $.24 per share.

   The Company adopted SFAS No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement
Benefits Other Than Pensions," in the first quarter of 1993 resulting in a one
time after-tax charge to earnings of $180 million or $2.52 per share. The
Company also recorded a first quarter after-tax charge of $40 million or $.56
per share primarily to adjust the value of specific aerospace and commercial
accounts in WFC's financing portfolio.

   Absent all restructuring, business dispositions, SFAS No. 106 and WFC 
charges mentioned above, net earnings were $332 million in 1994, $285 million 
in 1993 and $230 million in 1992. Corresponding earnings per share were $4.40 
in 1994, $3.94 in 1993 and $3.26 in 1992.

. Cash Flows

The statements of cash flows reflect the changes in cash and equivalents for the
last three years by classifying transactions into three major categories;
operating, investing and financing activities.

Operating Activities

   The Company's main source of liquidity is cash from operating activities
consisting of net earnings from operations adjusted for non-cash operating items
such as depreciation and changes in operating assets and liabilities such as
receivables, inventories and payables.

   Cash provided by operating activities was $449 million in 1994, $629 
million in 1993 and $578 million in 1992. The decrease in 1994 is due primarily
to changes in receivables, inventories, other operating accounts and
restructuring spending. The improvement in 1993 was due primarily to higher
earnings and changes in inventories, payables and other operating accounts.
Other operating accounts primarily include accrued expenses related to employee
compensation, income taxes, product warranty and advertising.

Investing Activities

   The principal recurring investing activities are property additions and
investments in and collection of financing receivables and leases.  Net property
additions were $418 million in 1994, $309 million in 1993 and $288 million in
1992.  These expenditures are primarily for equipment and tooling related to
product improvements, more efficient production methods, replacement for 
normal wear and tear and more stringent governmental energy and 
environmental regulations. Lower investment in the financial services business
resulted in $17 million, $285 million and $168 million of net cash receipts from
WFC financing receivables in 1994, 1993 and 1992.

   Other investing activities during the past three years included business
dispositions and acquisitions.

   In December 1994, the Company announced plans to begin manufacturing 
and distributing major home appliances in China. The Company has entered 
into two agreements to acquire for about $90 million a majority interest in SMC
Microwave Products Co., Inc., a microwave oven manufacturer with current 
annual revenues of about $100 million and to invest about $17 million for the
majority interest in Beijing Whirlpool Snowflake Electric Appliance Company,
Limited, a new joint venture to produce refrigerators. The Snowflake joint
venture received government approval in December. The SMC joint venture is
expected to close in the first quarter of 1995. The Company is currently
negotiating another joint venture arrangement with Shanghai Narcissus Electric
<PAGE>
 
26 Financial Review


           . [ Management's Discussion and Analysis (continued) ] .

Appliance Corp., Ltd. to produce washing machines as well as a fourth joint
venture to produce air conditioners. The Company is also considering additional
investment opportunities in China and worldwide.

   In September 1994, the Company sold its minority interest in Matsushita 
Floor Care Company (MFCC), a joint venture which manufactures and markets 
vacuum cleaners in the North American market. The sale resulted in cash 
proceeds of $44 million and a pre-tax gain of $26 million. The after-tax gain
was $18 million or $.24 per share.

   In July 1994, the Company announced plans to expand its presence in 
India by acquiring a controlling interest in Kelvinator of India, Ltd. (KOI), a
manufacturer and marketer of refrigerators, for about $120 million in cash. The
acquisition is expected to close in 1995 pending approval from the Indian
government. As the transaction involves an issue of new KOI shares, most of the
purchase price will be invested as equity in KOI in support of planned plant and
product line expansion. KOI annual sales were about $120 million for its fiscal
year ended June 30, 1994.

   In April 1994, the Company sold its European compressor operation to 
one of the Company's Brazilian affiliates for $106 million. The Company 
received 75% of the selling price in cash at the closing date with the remainder
due in 1996. The sale resulted in a pre-tax gain of $34 million but no
significant gain or loss after taxes. The European compressor operation
contributed gross sales of $213 million, including third party sales of $127
million, and pre-tax earnings of $10 million in 1993.

   In April 1994, the Company made an additional $3 million investment in 
TVS Whirlpool Limited to become the majority partner in this Indian joint
venture. In February 1994, the Company made an additional $3 million 
investment in Whirlpool Tatramat to become the majority partner in this
Slovakian joint venture and contributed $3 million for a minority interest in a
joint venture with Teco Electric and Machinery Co., Ltd., to market and
distribute appliances in Taiwan.

   In the third quarter of 1994, the Company began construction of a new 
$100 million cooking products facility in Tulsa, Oklahoma, to manufacture
freestanding gas and electric ranges beginning in mid-1996.

   In October 1993, the Company made an additional $26 million investment in
Brastemp (now Multibras S.A.).  In April 1993, as part of the Company's 
Latin America strategy, the Company's Argentine subsidiary sold additional
voting stock, representing a 40% interest, to one of the Company's Brazilian
affiliates for $7 million. In July 1993, the Company sold its refrigerator plant
in Barcelona, Spain, for $4 million, resulting in an $8 million pre-tax loss but
no significant gain or loss after taxes.

Financing Activities

   Dividends to shareholders totaled $90 million in 1994, $85 million in 1993
and $77 million in 1992.

   The Company reduced borrowings by $33 million in 1994 primarily due to 
the continued liquidation of WFC's commercial lending portfolio.

   In December 1994, the Company announced plans to repurchase up to 5% 
of the outstanding shares of common stock. The treasury shares will be used in
employee stock-option, retirement and other compensation programs and for
general corporate purposes. Through the end of January 1995, the Company 
had repurchased approximately 875,000 shares for $45 million.

   The Company reduced borrowings by $583 million in 1993 due to strong
operating cash flow and the liquidation of WFC's commercial lending portfolio.

   In 1993, WFC completed a $75 million sale of  preferred stock in a move
consistent with plans to broaden the subsidiary's equity base and position it as
a more financially independent business entity.  The proceeds were used to repay
intercompany debt to the Company.  Refer to Note 6 to the accompanying
consolidated financial statements.

   In 1993, the Company called $125 million of 9 1/8% Sinking Fund 
Debentures and terminated $100 million of related interest rate swap agreements
resulting in an immaterial gain on extinguishment. The Company also 
terminated $400 million of interest rate swap agreements designated as hedges of
long-term debt resulting in a deferred gain of $51 million which is being
amortized as a reduction in interest expense over the life of the related debt.

   In 1993, WFC initiated a commercial paper program which authorizes the
issuance of up to $1.2 billion.  The 1993 net proceeds of $790 million were used
to repay intercompany debt to the Company.
<PAGE>
 
                                                            Financial Review 27




. Financial Condition and Other Matters

The financial position of the Company remains strong as evidenced by the
December 31, 1994, balance sheet.  The Company's total assets are $6.7 billion
and stockholders' equity is $1.7 billion.

   The overall debt to invested capital ratio at December 31, 1994, was
essentially flat compared to December 31, 1993.  The appliance business debt to
invested capital ratio net of cash ("debt ratio") increased slightly from 32% to
34% due primarily to the effect on equity of the restructuring charge and stock
repurchase offset somewhat by the conversion of subordinated zero coupon
convertible notes.  As of December 31, 1994, convertible notes with principal
amounts of $369 million have been converted into 2.7 million shares of the
Company's common stock.  The debt ratio is also affected by European currency
movements due to a combination of foreign borrowings and the Company's 
hedging strategy related to Whirlpool Europe. The financial services debt to
invested capital ratio decreased due to lower investment levels compared to
December 31, 1993. The Company's debt continues to be rated investment 
grade by Moody's Investors Service Inc., Standard and Poors and Duff & 
Phelps.

   Various European currency swaps and forward contracts serve to hedge 
net foreign currency cash flows and a portion of the Company's investment in
Whirlpool Europe. Changes in the values of the swaps and forward contracts 
due to movements in exchange rates are included in the currency translation
component of stockholders' equity or other income (expense) depending on 
whether or not they relate to the investment hedge.

   WFC's financing portfolio by business segment at December 31, 1994 and 
1993, is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                             1994     .     1993
- ----------------------------------------------------
(millions of dollars)
<S>                      <C>      <C>   <C>      <C>
Inventory                $  652    41%  $  558    35%
Aerospace                   465    29      484    30
Consumer                    386    24      300    19
Commercial                   25     2      180    11
Other                        55     4       85     5
                         --------------------------- 
                         $1,583   100%  $1,607   100%
                         ===========================
</TABLE>

   The aerospace portfolio is generally secured by newer (Stage III) aircraft 
on lease to various international airlines. Although the commercial airline
industry seems to be stabilizing, the near-term outlook remains uncertain.
Management believes the aerospace portfolio carrying value is appropriate. The
Company previously announced it was phasing out of aerospace and highly
leveraged commercial lending activities.

   The financial services industry is very competitive and various leasing
companies, financial institutions and finance companies operate in the same
markets as WFC.  Refer to Notes 3 and 15 to the accompanying consolidated
financial statements for a further description of WFC's business.

   In May 1993, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement 
No. 114, "Accounting by Creditors for Impairment of a Loan." The new rules 
will require WFC to measure impaired loans based on the present value of
expected future cash flows discounted at the loan's effective interest rate. WFC
must adopt the new rules on a prospective basis no later than 1995. Adoption of
the new rules will not have a material effect on the Company's net earnings or
financial position.

   The Company has external sources of capital available and believes it has
adequate financial resources and liquidity to meet anticipated business needs
and to fund future growth opportunities such as new products, acquisitions and
joint ventures.

. Business Unit Net Sales and Operating Profit

The following appliance business (WFC on an equity basis) data is presented as
supplemental information:
 
Net Sales by Business Unit Were as Follows:

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
                                      1994  .  1993    Increase/(Decrease)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
(millions of dollars)
<S>                                  <C>      <C>      <C>         <C>   
North America                        $5,048   $4,559       $ 489   11%
Europe                                2,373    2,225         148    7
Latin America                           329      303          26    9
Asia                                    205      151          54   36
Other                                    (6)     130        (136)  --
                                     ------------------------------------- 
Total Appliance Business             $7,949   $7,368       $ 581    8%
                                     =====================================
</TABLE> 
<PAGE>
 
28 Financial Review


           . [ Management's Discussion and Analysis (continued) ] .

Operating Profit by Business Unit Was as Follows:

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION>  
                                  1994  .  1993   Increase/(Decrease)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
(millions of dollars)
<S>                              <C>      <C>        <C>      <C>    
North America                    $ 522    $ 474      $  48     10%
Europe                             163      139         24     17
Latin America                       49       43          6     16
Asia                               (22)      (5)       (17)    --
Restructuring                     (248)     (23)      (225)    --
Business Dispositions               60       (8)        68     --
Other                             (154)    (116)       (38)   (33)
                                 -------------------------------- 
Total Appliance Business         $ 370    $ 504      $(134)   (27)%
                                 ================================
</TABLE>

   The restructuring relates to North America and Europe (refer to Note 10 to
the accompanying consolidated financial statements). Other primarily includes
the European Compressor Operation (1993 only), corporate costs and 
intercompany eliminations.

   For commentary regarding performance in North America and Europe, 
refer to Results of Operations. Latin America includes Whirlpool Argentina and
the South American Sales Company (SASCO). Whirlpool Argentina improved 
both its product shipments and operating performance during 1994 and 1993 
while SASCO's results were affected by pockets of economic instability,
particularly in Venezuela. Asia had significant shipment and revenue growth
during 1994 and 1993 but the increased operating loss was due primarily to
planned costs related to the Company's strategy to expand its presence in Asia.

. Revenue Information

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
Year ended December 31          Percent   .    1994    .   1993   .   1992
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
(millions of dollars)
<S>                             <C>           <C>         <C>        <C>     
Major Home Appliances
  Home Laundry Appliances         32.2%       $2,610      $2,481     $2,489
  Home Refrigeration and
   Room Air Conditioning
   Equipment                      35.8         2,900       2,588      2,525
  Other Home Appliances           30.1         2,439       2,299      2,083
                                -------------------------------------------
                                  98.1         7,949       7,368      7,097
 
Financial Services                 1.9           155         165        204
                                ------------------------------------------- 
                                 100.0%       $8,104      $7,533     $7,301
                                ===========================================
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
 
                                                            Financial Review 29


                  . [ Consolidated Statements of Earnings ] .

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
                                                                                    Supplemental Consolidating Data
                                            Whirlpool Corporation     Whirlpool with WFC on an    Whirlpool Financial Corporation
                                                (Consolidated)              Equity Basis                       (WFC)
Year ended December 31                      1994  .  1993  .  1992     1994  .  1993  .   1992    1994   .   1993   .   1992
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(millions of dollars, except share data)
<S>                                        <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>       <C>        <C>        <C>  
Revenues
Net sales                                  $7,949   $7,368   $7,097   $7,949   $7,368    $7,097   $ --       $ --       $ --
Financial services                            155      165      204       --       --        --    184        193        235 
                                           --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                            8,104    7,533    7,301    7,949    7,368     7,097    184        193        235
Expenses
Cost of products sold                       5,952    5,503    5,365    5,952    5,503     5,365     --         --         --
Selling and administrative                  1,490    1,433    1,323    1,415    1,305     1,242    104        155        113 
Financial services interest                    51       59       82       --       --        --     63         72         95
Intangible amortization                        24       25       27       24       25        27     --         --         --
Gain on dispositions                          (60)      --       --      (60)      --        --     --         --         --
Restructuring costs                           250       31       25      248       31        16      2         --          9
                                           --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                            7,707    7,051    6,822    7,579    6,864     6,650    169        227        217
                                           --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Operating Profit (Loss)                      397      482      479      370      504       447     15        (34)        18
Other Income (Expense)
Interest and sundry                             9        6       38        3       19        21      8         (9)        20
Interest expense                             (114)    (113)    (145)    (104)    (105)     (134)    --         --         --
                                           --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Earnings (Loss) Before
  Income Taxes,
   Other Items and
    Accounting Change                         292      375      372      269      418       334     23        (43)        38
Income taxes                                  176      148      154      169      167       142      7        (19)        12
                                           --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Earnings (Loss) Before
  Equity Earnings,
   Minority Interests and
    Accounting Change                         116      227      218      100      251       192     16        (24)        26
Equity in WFC                                  --       --       --       11      (28)       26     --         --         --
Equity in affiliated
 companies                                     59       16      (13)      59       16       (13)    --         --         --
Minority interests                            (17)     (12)      --      (12)     (10)       --     (5)        (2)        --
                                           --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Net Earnings (Loss)
  Before Cumulative
   Effect of Accounting
    Change                                    158      231      205      158      229       205     11        (26)        26
Cumulative effect of
 accounting change for
 postretirement benefits                       --     (180)      --       --     (178)       --     --         (2)        --
                                           --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Net Earnings (Loss)                       $  158   $   51   $  205   $  158   $   51    $  205   $ 11       $(28)      $ 26
                                           ======================================================================================
Per share of common stock:
 Primary earnings before
  accounting change                        $ 2.10   $ 3.19   $ 2.90
 Primary earnings                          $ 2.10   $ 0.67   $ 2.90
 Fully diluted earnings
  before accounting change                 $ 2.09   $ 3.11   $ 2.79
 Fully diluted earnings                    $ 2.09   $ 0.67   $ 2.79
 Cash dividends                            $ 1.22   $ 1.19   $ 1.10
Average number of common
 shares
 outstanding (millions)                      75.5     72.3     70.6
</TABLE>

SEE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


<PAGE>
 
30 Financial Review


                      . [ Consolidated Balance Sheets ] .


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            Supplemental Consolidating Data
                                                Whirlpool Corporation   Whirlpool with WFC   Whirlpool Financial
                                                   (Consolidated)       on an Equity Basis    Corporation (WFC)
December 31                                      1994     .    1993      1994   .   1993      1994  .  1993
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(millions of dollars)
<S>                                             <C>           <C>       <C>       <C>        <C>      <C>      
Assets 
Current Assets
Cash and equivalents                            $    72       $    88   $    51   $    81    $   21   $    7
Trade receivables, less allowances of $38 in
 1994 and $36 in 1993                             1,001           866     1,001       866        --       --
Financing receivables and leases, less
 allowances                                         866           814        --        --      866      814
Inventories                                         838           760       838       760       --       --
Prepaid expenses and other                          197           102       183        95       14        7
Deferred income taxes                               104            78       104        78       --       --
                                                ----------------------------------------------------------------
    Total Current Assets                          3,078         2,708     2,177     1,880      901      828
Other Assets                                    
Investment in affiliated companies                  370           320       370       320       --       --
Investment in WFC                                    --            --       253       239       --       --
Financing receivables and leases, less
 allowances                                         717           793        --        --      717      793
Intangibles, net                                    730           725       730       725       --       --
Deferred income taxes                               171           127       171       127       --       --
Other                                               149            55       149        55       --       --
                                                ----------------------------------------------------------------
                                                  2,137         2,020     1,673     1,466      717      793
 
Property, Plant and Equipment
Land                                                 73            69        73        69       --       --
Buildings                                           610           586       610       586       --       --
Machinery and equipment                           2,418         2,181     2,392     2,157       26       24
Accumulated depreciation                         (1,661)       (1,517)   (1,645)   (1,504)     (16)     (13)
                                                ----------------------------------------------------------------
                                                  1,440         1,319     1,430     1,308       10       11
                                                ----------------------------------------------------------------
    Total Assets                                $ 6,655       $ 6,047   $ 5,280   $ 4,654   $1,628   $1,632
                                                ================================================================
</TABLE>

<PAGE>
 
                                                            Financial Review 31



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                Supplemental Consolidating Data
                                                                     Whirlpool Corporation  Whirlpool with WFC  Whirlpool Financial
                                                                     (Consolidated)         on an Equity Basis  Corporation (WFC)
December 31                                                              1994  .  1993        1994  .  1993        1994  .  1993
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(millions of dollars)
<S>                                                                  <C>         <C>        <C>       <C>       <C>        <C>
Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity
Current Liabilities
Notes payable                                                           $1,162   $  992      $  226   $  160      $  936   $  832
Accounts payable                                                           843      742         795      689          48       53
Employee compensation                                                      201      177         192      172           9        5
Accrued expenses                                                           629      651         620      641           9       10
Restructuring costs                                                        114       33         112       33           2       --
Current maturities of long-term debt                                        39      168          36       83           3       85
                                                                        ---------------------------------------------------------
   Total Current Liabilities                                             2,988    2,763       1,981    1,778       1,007      985
Other Liabilities
Deferred income taxes                                                      221      167         110       67         111      100
Postemployment benefits                                                    481      472         481      472          --       --
Other liabilities                                                          262       65         262       65          --       --
Long-term debt                                                             885      840         703      607         182      233
                                                                        ---------------------------------------------------------
                                                                         1,849    1,544       1,556    1,211         293      333
 
Minority Interests                                                          95       92          20       17          75       75
Stockholders' Equity
Common stock, $1 par value: 250 million shares authorized, 
  80 million and 79 million shares outstanding (including treasury 
  stock) in 1994 and 1993                                                   80       79          80       79           8        8
Paid-in capital                                                            214      152         214      152          26       26
Retained earnings                                                        1,754    1,686       1,754    1,686         220      208
Unearned restricted stock                                                   (8)      (9)         (8)      (9)         --       --
Cumulative translation adjustments                                         (93)     (77)        (93)     (77)         (1)      (3)
Treasury stock -- 6 million and 5 million shares at cost in 1994 
  and 1993                                                                (224)    (183)       (224)    (183)         --       --
                                                                        ---------------------------------------------------------
                                                                         1,723    1,648       1,723    1,648         253      239
                                                                        ---------------------------------------------------------
   Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity                           $6,655   $6,047      $5,280   $4,654      $1,628   $1,632
                                                                        =========================================================
</TABLE>
SEE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

<PAGE>
 
32 Financial Review


                 . [ Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows ] .

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
                                                                                       Supplemental Consolidating Data
                                                   Whirlpool Corporation  Whirlpool with WFC on an  Whirlpool Financial Corporation 
                                                      (Consolidated)            Equity Basis                     (WFC)
Year ended December 31                              1994 .  1993 . 1992     1994  .  1993  . 1992     1994   .   1993   .   1992
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(millions of dollars)
<S>                                                <C>     <C>     <C>    <C>       <C>      <C>      <C>        <C>        <C>
Operating Activities
Net earnings (loss) before cumulative effect of    $ 158   $ 231   $205    $ 158    $ 229    $205      $11       $(26)      $ 26
 accounting change
Depreciation                                         246     241    275      243      239     271        3          2          3
Deferred income taxes                                (28)    (31)     9      (39)     (27)      2       11         (4)         7
Equity in net losses (earnings) of affiliated
 companies, including dividends received             (57)    (14)    16      (57)     (14)     16       --         --         --
Equity in net loss (earnings) of WFC                  --      --     --      (11)      28     (26)      --         --         --
(Gain) loss on business dispositions                 (60)      8     --      (60)       8      --       --         --         --
Provision for doubtful accounts                       28      75     55        6        8      15       22         67         40
Amortization of goodwill                              20      28     27       20       28      27       --         --         --
Restructuring charges, net of cash paid              197      10     14      195       19       5        2         (9)         9
Minority interests                                    12      10     --       12       10      --       --         --         --
Other                                                 25      43     15        7       23      (4)      18         20          2
Changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects
 of business acquisitions and dispositions:
   Trade receivables                                (125)    (76)   (83)    (125)     (75)    (83)      --         --         --
   Inventories                                       (72)   (145)    (7)     (72)    (145)     (7)      --         --         --
   Accounts payable                                  107     101      5      105       89      29        2         12        (25)
   Other -- net                                       (2)    148     47       (2)     146      32       --          9          7
                                                   ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Cash Provided by Operating Activities              $ 449   $ 629   $578    $ 380    $ 566    $482      $69       $ 71       $ 69
</TABLE>

<PAGE>
 
                                                            Financial Review 33



<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
                                                                                    Supplemental Consolidating Data
                                         Whirlpool Corporation       Whirlpool with WFC on an       Whirlpool Financial Corporation
                                             (Consolidated)                Equity Basis                          (WFC)
Year ended December 31                1994   .   1993   .   1992      1994   .  1993   .  1992         1994   .  1993   .  1992
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(millions of dollars)
<S>                                 <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>       <C>       <C>        <C>       <C>       <C> 
Investing Activities
Net additions to properties         $   (418)  $   (309)  $   (288)  $  (416)  $  (307)  $   (284)    $    (2)  $    (2)  $    (4)
Financing receivables
 originated and leasing
 assets purchased                     (3,051)    (2,603)    (2,497)       --        --         --      (3,051)   (2,603)   (2,497)
Principal payments
 received on financing
 receivables and leases                3,068      2,888      2,665        --        --         --       3,068     2,888     2,665
Acquisitions of
 businesses, less cash
 acquired                                (28)        --         --       (28)       --         --          --        --        --
Net increase in investment
 in affiliated
 companies                                --        (19)       (12)       --       (19)       (12)         --        --        --
Business dispositions                    124          4         --       124         4         --          --        --        --
Other                                    (34)       (57)       (80)       (9)       --        (67)        (25)      (63)       14
                                    --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 Cash Provided by (Used
  for) Investing Activities             (339)       (96)      (212)     (329)     (322)      (363)        (10)      220       178
 
Financing Activities       
Proceeds of short-term borrowings     12,727     12,049     12,066     4,344     9,586     10,583       8,383     3,424     1,483

Repayments of short-term
 borrowings                          (12,585)   (12,465)   (12,299)   (4,255)   (9,785)   (10,617)     (8,330)   (3,641)   (1,701)
Proceeds of long-term debt                42         32         50       129       145         50          --        --        39
Repayments of long-term
 debt                                   (206)      (173)       (73)     (206)     (159)       (47)        (87)     (127)      (32)
Repayments of non-recourse
 debt                                    (11)       (26)       (17)       --        --         --         (11)      (26)      (17)
Dividends paid                           (90)       (85)       (77)      (90)      (85)       (77)         --        --        --
Purchase of treasury stock               (16)        --         --       (16)       --         --          --        --        --
Proceeds from the sale of
 preferred stock                          --         75         --        --        --         --          --        75        --
Swap terminations                         --         56         --        --        56         --          --        --        --
Other                                     13         26          8        13        27         10          --        (3)      (16)
                                    --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 Cash Used for Financing
  Activities                            (126)      (511)      (342)      (81)     (215)       (98)        (45)     (298)     (244)
                                    ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Increase (Decrease) in
  Cash and Equivalents                   (16)        22         24       (30)       29         21          14        (7)        3
 
Cash and equivalents at
 beginning of year                        88         66         42        81        52         31           7        14        11
                                    ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Cash and Equivalents at
  End of Year                       $     72   $     88   $     66   $    51   $    81   $     52     $    21   $     7   $    14
                                    =============================================================================================
</TABLE>
SEE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

<PAGE>

34 Financial Review

              . [ Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements ] .

 
. Note 1: Summary of Principal Accounting Policies

Principles of Consolidation:  The consolidated financial statements include
all majority-owned subsidiaries.  Investments in affiliated companies are
accounted for by the equity method. Intercompany transactions and amounts
between Whirlpool Corporation and Whirlpool Financial Corporation (WFC)
included in the supplemental consolidating data have been eliminated in the
consolidated financial statements.  The eliminations relate primarily to
intercompany financing, interest and leasing transactions.

  Revenue Recognition:  Sales are recorded when product is shipped to
wholesale distributors or directly to retailers.  Refer also to Financing
Receivables and Leases.

  Cash and Equivalents:  All highly liquid debt instruments purchased with a
maturity of three months or less are considered cash equivalents.

  Inventories: Inventories are stated at first-in, first-out (FIFO) cost,
except U.S. production inventories which are stated at last-in, first-out
(LIFO) cost.  Costs do not exceed realizable values.
  
  Property, Plant and Equipment:  Property, plant and equipment are stated at
cost.  Depreciation of plant and equipment is computed using the straight-line
method based on the estimated useful lives of the assets.

  Intangibles: The cost of business acquisitions in excess of net tangible
assets acquired is amortized on a straight-line basis principally over 40
years.  Accumulated amortization aggregated $124 million at December 31, 1994,
and $109 million at December 31, 1993.  On an annual basis, the Company
evaluates recorded goodwill for potential impairment against the current and
estimated undiscounted future operating income before goodwill amortization of
the businesses to which the goodwill relates.

  Research and Development Costs:  Research and development costs are charged
to expense as incurred.  Such costs were approximately $152 million in 1994,
$128 million in 1993 and $113 million in 1992.

  Advertising Costs:  Advertising costs are charged to expense as incurred. 
Such costs were approximately $140 million in 1994, $128 million in 1993 and
$130 million in 1992.

  Financing Receivables and Leases:  Interest and discount charges are
recognized in revenues using the effective yield method.  Lease income is
recorded in decreasing amounts over the term of the lease contract, resulting
in a level rate of return on the net investment in the lease. Origination fees
and related costs are deferred and amortized as yield adjustments over the life
of the related receivable or lease.

  The allowance for losses is maintained at estimated amounts necessary to
cover losses on all finance and leasing receivables based on management's
assessment of various factors including loss experience and review of problem
accounts.

  The Company adopted Financial Accounting Standards Board Statement No. 115,
"Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities," effective
January 1, 1994.  The new rules require that certain investments in marketable
equity securities and many debt securities be presented at fair value. 
Adoption of the new rules had no material effect on the Company's net earnings
or financial position.

  In May 1993, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement No.
114, "Accounting by Creditors for Impairment of a Loan," which requires that
impaired loans be measured based on the present value of expected future cash
flows discounted at the loans' effective interest rate.  The new rules must be
adopted on a prospective basis no later than 1995.  Adoption of the new rules
will not have a material effect on the Company's net earnings or financial
position.

  Derivative Financial Instruments:   The Company's policy is to diminish the
economic impact of fluctuations in various financial markets on operations in
dollar terms.  To achieve this, the Company enters into interest rate and cross
currency interest rate swaps to hedge its exposure to fluctuations in interest
rates; cross currency interest rate swaps and foreign currency forward
contracts to hedge its exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange
rates; and commodity swaps to reduce its exposure to raw material price
fluctuations.

  The Company's hedging strategy for the foreign currency exchange risk
associated with its investment in Europe is based on projected foreign currency
cash flows over periods up to ten years.  The Company uses foreign currency
forward contracts and interest rate and cross currency interest rate swaps to
effectively convert a portion of the Company's U.S. dollar denominated debt
into various European currencies.  The Company's investment in Europe and the
foreign currency portion of these contracts and swaps are adjusted each period
to reflect current foreign currency exchange rates with gains and losses
recorded in the equity section of the balance sheet.  To the extent that the
notional amounts of these contracts exceed the Company's investment in Europe,
the respective mark-to-market gains and losses are reflected currently in
earnings.  The net translation gain (loss) recognized in other income,
including the gains 
<PAGE>

                                                             Financial Review 35
 
. Note 1:  Summary of Principal Accounting Policies
  (continued)

and losses from these contracts not qualifying as hedges, was $(3) million,
$5 million and $18 million in 1994, 1993 and 1992.  The differential paid or
received on interest rate swaps and the interest component of cross currency
interest rate swaps is recognized as an adjustment to interest expense.

  Foreign currency forward contracts are also used to hedge payments due on
cross currency interest rate swaps, intercompany loans and intercompany
shipments.  In addition, the Company hedges a portion of its contractual
requirements of certain commodities with commodity swaps.  Gains and losses on
these contracts are recognized in the same period as the underlying
transactions.

  WFC enters into interest rate swaps to match certain assets and liabilities
in terms of duration and pricing frequency and to hedge margins on financing
transactions.  The differential paid or received on these contracts is
recognized as an adjustment to interest expense.

  The Company deals only with investment grade counterparties to these
contracts and monitors overall credit risk and exposure to individual
counterparties.  The Company does not anticipate nonperformance by any 
counterparties.  The amount of the exposure is generally the unrealized gains
in such contracts.  The Company does not require, nor does it post, collateral
or security on such contracts.

  Net Earnings Per Common Share:  Net earnings per common share are based on
the average number of shares of common stock and common stock equivalents
outstanding during each year.  Primary per share amounts assume, if dilutive,
the exercise of stock options and vesting of restricted stock using the
treasury stock method.  Fully dilutive per share amounts also assume the
conversion of the 7% subordinated convertible notes.

. Note 2:  Business Acquisitions and Dispositions

In December 1994, the Company announced plans to begin manufacturing and
distributing major home appliances in China.  The Company has entered into two
agreements to acquire for about $90 million a majority interest in SMC
Microwave Products Co., Inc., a microwave oven manufacturer with current annual
revenues of about $100 million and to invest about $17 million for the majority
interest in Beijing Whirlpool Snowflake Electric Appliance Company, Limited, a
new joint venture to produce refrigerators. The Snowflake joint venture
received government approval in December.  The SMC joint venture is expected to
close in the first quarter of 1995.  The Company is currently negotiating
another joint venture arrangement with Shanghai Narcissus Electric Appliance
Corp., Ltd. to produce washing machines, as well as a fourth joint venture to
produce air conditioners.  

  In September 1994, the Company sold its minority interest in Matsushita
Floor Care Company (MFCC),  a joint venture which manufactures and markets
vacuum cleaners in the North American market.  The sale resulted in cash
proceeds of $44 million and a pre-tax gain of $26 million.  The after-tax gain
was $18 million or $.24 per share.

  In July 1994, the Company announced plans to expand its presence in India by
acquiring a controlling interest in Kelvinator of India, Ltd. (KOI), a
manufacturer and marketer of refrigerators, for about $120 million in cash. 
The acquisition is expected to close in 1995 pending approval from the Indian
government.  As the transaction involves an issue of new KOI shares, most of
the purchase price will be invested as equity in KOI in support of planned
plant and product line expansion.  KOI annual sales were about $120 million for
its fiscal year ended June 30, 1994.

  In April 1994, the Company sold its European compressor operation to one of
the Company's Brazilian affiliates for $106 million.  The Company received 75%
of the selling price in cash at the closing date with the remainder due in
1996.  The sale resulted in a pre-tax gain of $34 million but no significant
gain or loss after taxes.  The European compressor operation contributed gross
sales of $213 million, including third party sales of $127 million, and pre-tax
earnings of $10 million in 1993.

  In April 1994, the Company made an additional $3 million investment in TVS
Whirlpool Limited to become the majority partner in this Indian joint venture. 
In February 1994, the Company made an additional $3 million investment in
Whirlpool Tatramat to become the majority partner in this Slovakian joint
venture and contributed $3 million for a minority interest in a joint venture
with Teco Electric and Machinery Co., Ltd., to market and distribute appliances
in Taiwan. 

  In October 1993, the Company made an additional $26 million investment in
Brastemp (now Multibras S.A.).  In April 1993, as part of the Company's Latin
America strategy, the Company's Argentine subsidiary sold additional voting
stock, representing a 40% interest, to one of the Company's Brazilian 

<PAGE>


36 Financial Review


        . [ Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) ] .
 


. Note 2: Business Acquisitions and Dispositions  
  (continued)

affiliates for $7 million.  In July 1993, the Company sold its refrigerator
plant in Barcelona, Spain for $4 million, resulting in an $8 million pre-tax
loss but no significant gain or loss after taxes. 
  
  Pro forma consolidated operating results reflecting these acquisitions and
dispositions would not have been materially different from reported amounts. 
The acquisitions have been or will be accounted for as purchases.

. Note 3: Financing Receivables and Leases

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
December 31                                1994    .     1993
- ---------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                       <C>          <C>  
(millions of dollars)
Financing receivables                     $ 1,251      $ 1,250
Leveraged leases                              107          108
Direct financing leases                        11           28
Other operating leases and investments        227          250
                                          --------------------
                                            1,596        1,636

Unearned income                               (53)         (69)
Estimated residual value                       86           89
Allowances for doubtful accounts              (46)         (49)
                                          --------------------
Total financing receivables and leases      1,583        1,607

Less current portion                          866          814
                                          --------------------
Long-term portion                         $   717      $   793
                                          ====================
</TABLE> 

  Deferred income tax liabilities relating to leveraged and direct financing
leases were $113 million at December 31, 1994 and $105 million at December 31,
1993.

  Financing receivables and leases at December 31, 1994 include $455 million
due from household appliance and electronics dealers and $465 million resulting
from aerospace financing transactions.  These amounts are generally secured by
the assets financed.  Non-earning finance receivables and operating leases
totaled $50 million at December 31, 1994 and $131 million at December 31, 1993.

  Financing receivables and minimum lease payments receivable at December 31,
1994 mature contractually as follows:

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
                                                        Leveraged
                                                        and Direct
                                            Financing    Financing
                                           Receivables    Leases
- ------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                        <C>          <C> 
(millions of dollars)                  
1995                                        $   882         $   9
1996                                            136             6
1997                                            182             3
1998                                             26             3
1999                                              1             2
Thereafter                                       24            95
                                            ---------------------
                                            $ 1,251         $ 118
                                            =====================
</TABLE> 

. Note 4: Inventories

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
December 31                                  1994    .       1993
- ------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                        <C>          <C> 
(millions of dollars)               
Finished products                           $   832         $ 761
Work in process                                  66            61
Raw materials                                   156           150
                                            ---------------------
                                    
Total FIFO cost                               1,054           972

Less excess of FIFO cost over LIFO cost         216           212
                                            ---------------------
                                            $   838         $ 760
                                            =====================
</TABLE> 
                           
  LIFO inventories represent approximately 52% and 49% of total inventories at
December 31, 1994 and 1993.
<PAGE>

                                                           Financial Review 37



 
. Note 5: Affiliated Companies

The Company has direct voting interests, ranging from 30% to 49%, in two
Brazilian companies (Multibras S.A., and Embraco S.A.), a Mexican company
(Vitromatic, S.A. de C.V.) and several other international companies
principally engaged in the manufacture and sale of major home appliances or
related component parts. 

  Equity in the net earnings (losses) of affiliated companies, net of related
taxes, is as follows:

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
                                  1994  .  1993  .   1992
- ---------------------------------------------------------
<S>                            <C>       <C>       <C> 
(millions of dollars)
Brazilian affiliates            $ 39      $ 21      $ (10)
Mexican affiliate                 16        (6)        (5)
Other                              4         1          2
                                -------------------------
Total equity earnings (losses)  $ 59      $ 16      $ (13)
                                ========================= 
</TABLE> 

  Combined condensed financial information for all affiliated operating
companies follows:

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
                                           1994  .    1993
- -----------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                      <C>       <C> 
(millions of dollars)
Current assets                            $   672   $   700
Other assets                                  954       815
                                          -----------------

                                          $ 1,626   $ 1,515
                                          =================

Current liabilities                       $   524   $   442
Other liabilities                             213       235
Stockholders' equity                          889       838
                                          -----------------

                                          $ 1,626   $ 1,515
                                          =================
</TABLE> 

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
                                        1994  .  1993  .   1992
- -----------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                  <C>       <C>       <C> 
(millions of dollars)
Net sales                             $ 2,051   $ 2,062   $ 1,829
                                      ===========================

Cost of products sold                 $ 1,441   $ 1,446   $ 1,583
                                      ===========================

Net earnings                          $   173   $    90   $     3
                                      ===========================

Dividends and fees paid to Whirlpool    
  by affiliates                       $    11   $     4   $     3
                                      ===========================
</TABLE> 


. Note 6: Financing Arrangements

At December 31, 1994, the Company has unused credit lines of approximately
$3.0 billion, including $2.1 billion renewable annually and a $900 million
multiple-option facility expiring in 1995.  There are no formal compensating
balance arrangements required with the credit line banks.  Generally, the banks
are compensated for their credit lines by the Company's cash operating balances
to the extent available, and/or a fee.

  Notes payable consist of the following:

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
December 31                                1994    .   1993
- -----------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                       <C>          <C> 
(millions of dollars)
Payable to banks                          $   64       $ 61
Commercial paper                           1,094        921
Other                                          4         10
                                          -----------------

                                          $1,162       $992
                                          =================
</TABLE> 

  The weighted average interest rate on notes payable was 5.98% and 3.72% at
December 31, 1994 and 1993.

  During 1993,  the Company called $125 million of 9-1/8% Sinking Fund
Debentures and terminated $100 million of related interest rate swap agreements
resulting in an immaterial gain on extinguishment. 
<PAGE>

38 Financial Review

        . [ Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) ] .
 
. Note 6:  Financing Arrangements (continued)

  During 1993, WFC issued 750,000 shares (400,000 shares Series A and 350,000
shares Series B) of preferred stock at a face value of $100 per share. 
Dividends on the Series A and Series B Redeemable Cumulative Preferred Stock
are payable quarterly in an amount equal to $5.55 and $6.55, respectively, per
share per year.   The Series A Preferred Stock is subject to mandatory
redemption on September 1, 1998.  The Series B Preferred Stock is not
redeemable prior to September 1, 2003 at which time it is redeemable at the
option of WFC with all remaining outstanding shares redeemed on September 1,
2008.  The redemption price for each series is $100 per share plus any accrued
and unpaid dividends.  Commencing September 1, 2003, WFC will be obligated to
pay $1,750,000 per year to a sinking fund for the benefit of holders of the
Series B Preferred Stock, with a final payment of $26,250,000 due on or before
September 1, 2008.

  The Company and WFC are parties to a support agreement.  Pursuant to the
agreement, if at the close of any fiscal quarter WFC's net earnings available
for fixed charges (as defined) for the preceding twelve months is less than a
stipulated amount, the Company will make a cash payment to WFC equal to the
insufficiency within 60 days of the end of the quarter.  The support agreement
may be terminated by either WFC or the Company upon 30 days notice provided
that certain conditions are met.  The Company has also agreed to maintain
ownership of at least 70% of WFC's voting stock. 

  During 1991, the Company sold $675 million in face amount of subordinated
zero coupon convertible notes and received $170 million in gross proceeds.  The
notes were priced to yield 7% interest to maturity. Holders may convert each
$1,000 face amount of the notes into 7.237 shares of common stock.  Holders may
also redeem the notes for the issuance price plus accrued original issue
discount at the end of five, ten and fifteen years or upon a change in control
of the Company as defined.  The Company may, at its option, elect to pay the
redemption price in any combination of cash and common stock, except upon a
change in control, in which case the redemption price is payable in cash.  The
Company also has the right to call the notes at a price equal to their issuance
price plus accrued original issue discount.  At December 31, 1994, principal
amounts of $369 million have been converted into 2.7 million shares of the
Company's common stock.

Long-term debt consists of the following:

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
                                                Interest
December 31                       Maturity        Rate      1994  . 1993
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
(millions of dollars)
<S>                             <C>            <C>          <C>    <C>    
Debentures                          2008          9.1%      $125   $  125
Senior notes                    1995 to 2003   7.5 to 9.5    428      431
Medium term notes               1995 to 2004   7.5 to 9.1    100      263
Subordinated convertible notes     2011           7.0         99      137
Other                                                        172       52
                                                            -------------
                                                             924    1,008

Less current maturities                                       39      168
                                                            -------------
                                                            $885   $  840
                                                            =============
</TABLE> 
 
  Annual maturities of long-term debt are $39 million in 1995, $81 million in
1996, $9 million in 1997, $23 million in 1998 and $12 million in 1999. 

  The Company paid interest on short-term and long-term debt totaling $168
million in 1994, $176 million in 1993 and $227 million in 1992.

. Note 7:  Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The following methods and assumptions were used in estimating fair values of
financial instruments:

  Cash and Equivalents and Notes Payable:  The carrying amounts approximate
fair values.

  Financing Receivables:  The fair value is estimated using discounted cash
flow analyses based on current interest rates being offered to borrowers of
similar credit quality.  In 1994 and 1993, the carrying amounts approximate
fair values.

  Long-Term Debt and WFC Preferred Stock:  The fair values are estimated using
discounted cash flow analyses based on incremental borrowing or dividend yield
rates for similar types of borrowing or equity arrangements.  The WFC preferred
stock carrying amount approximates fair value.

<PAGE>

                                                             Financial Review 39
 
. Note 7:  Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
  (continued)

  Derivative Financial Instruments:  The fair values of interest rate swaps,
cross currency interest rate swaps, foreign currency forward contracts and
commodity swaps are based on quoted market prices.   

The carrying and fair values of financial instruments for which the fair
value does not approximate the liability carrying value are as follow: 

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>  
                                              1994       .        1993
                                        -------------------------------------
                                        Carrying    Fair    Carrying     Fair
                                         Value     Value     Value      Value
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(millions of dollars)
<S>                                     <C>        <C>      <C>         <C>    
Long-term debt 
 (including current portion)              $846     $  874    $1,010     $1,205
Derivative financial instruments:
  Hedges of net investment in Europe:
   Interest rate and cross currency 
   interest rate swaps (notional 
   amounts of $1,118 million and 
   $1,074 million in 1994 and 1993)         75        171        (2)       112
   Foreign currency forward contracts
   (notional amounts of $377 million
   and $333 million in 1994 and 1993)        3          3        --         (1)
  Transaction hedges with foreign
   currency forward contracts
   (notional amounts of $447 million
   and $405 million in 1994 and 1993)       --          6        --          9
  Hedges with commodity swaps
   (notional amounts of $5 million
   and $6 million in 1994 and 1993)         --         (1)       --         --
  WFC interest rate and cross currency
   interest rate swaps (notional 
   amounts of $465 million and $72
   million in 1994 and 1993)                --          1        --          7
                                        --------------------------------------
Total long-term debt                      $924     $1,054    $1,008     $1,332
                                        ======================================
</TABLE> 

  Interest rate and cross currency interest rate swaps generally have
maturities ranging from 1 to 12 years.  For 1994 and 1993, fixed and variable
interest rates paid on the notional amounts by the Company ranged from 7.00% to
10.39% or were at LIBOR and fixed and variable interest rates received by the
Company ranged from 5.93% to 9.06% or from LIBOR less .009 to LIBOR, each in a
variety of currencies.  Foreign currency forward contracts generally have
maturities ranging from one month to two years.  Commodity swaps generally
mature within one year.  WFC interest rate swaps have maturities ranging from
one to six years.  During 1994 and 1993, WFC paid fixed interest rates on
notional amounts generally ranging from 8.46% to 10.12% and received floating
interest rates based on LIBOR and commercial paper.  

. Note 8:  Stockholders' Equity

In addition to its common stock, the Company has 10 million authorized
shares of preferred stock (par value $1 per share), none of which is
outstanding.
  
  Consolidated retained earnings at December 31, 1994, included $165 million
of equity in undistributed net earnings of affiliated companies.

  The cumulative translation component of stockholders' equity represents the
effect of translating net assets of the Company's international subsidiaries
offset by related hedging activity net of tax.  Conversion of notes, stock
option transactions and restricted stock grants account for the changes in
paid-in capital.

  One Preferred Stock Purchase Right ("Rights") is outstanding for each share
of common stock.  The Rights, which expire May 23, 1998, will become
exercisable ten days after a person or group either becomes the beneficial
owner of 20% or more of the common stock or commences a tender or exchange
offer that would result in such person or group beneficially owning 25% or more
of the outstanding common stock.  Each Right entitles the holder to purchase
from the Company one newly-issued unit consisting of one one-hundredth of a
share of Series A Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock at an exercise price
of $100, subject to adjustment.

  If (i) any person or group becomes the beneficial owner of 25% or more of
Whirlpool common stock, or (ii) the Company is the surviving corporation in a
merger with a 20% or more stockholder and its common stock is not changed or
converted, or (iii) a 20% or more stockholder engages in certain self-dealing
transactions with the Company, then each Right not owned by such person will
entitle the holder to purchase, at the Rights' then current exercise price,
shares of 
<PAGE>


40 Financial Review

     . [ Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) ] .       



. Note 8: Stockholders' Equity (continued)

the Company's common stock having a value of twice the Rights' then current
exercise price. In addition, if the Company is involved in a merger in which its
common stock is converted or sells 50% or more of its assets, each Right will
entitle its holder to purchase for the exercise price shares of common stock of
the acquiring successor company having a value of twice the Rights' then current
exercise price.

  The Company will be entitled to redeem the Rights in whole, but not in part,
at $.05 per Right at any time prior to the expiration of a ten-day period
(subject to extension) following public announcement of the existence of a 20%
holder or of a 25% or more tender offer.  Until such time as the Rights become
exercisable, the Rights have no voting or dividend privileges and are attached
to, and do not trade separately from, the common stock.

  At December 31, 1994, one million preferred shares were reserved for future
exercise of Stock Purchase Rights.

. Note 9: Stock Option and Incentive Plans

The Company's stock option and incentive plan permits the grant of stock
options and other stock awards covering up to 5 million shares to key employees
of the Company and its subsidiaries.  The plan authorizes the grant of both
incentive and non-qualified stock options and, further, authorizes the grant of
stock appreciation rights and related supplemental cash payments independently
of or with respect to options granted or outstanding.  An Executive Stock
Appreciation and Performance Program ("ESAP") and a Restricted Stock Value
Program ("RSVP") have been established under the plan.  Performance awards
under the ESAP and RSVP programs are earned over multi-year time periods upon
the achievement of certain performance objectives or upon a change in control
of the Company.  ESAP awards are payable in cash, common stock, or a
combination thereof when earned.  RSVP grants restricted shares which may not
be sold, transferred or encumbered until the restrictions lapse.  There were
453,000 and 479,000 restricted shares outstanding at December 31, 1994 and
1993.  Expenses under the plan were $5 million in 1994, $17 million in 1993 and
$13 million in 1992.

  Under the Nonemployee Director Stock Ownership Plan, each nonemployee
director is automatically granted 400 shares of common stock annually and is
eligible for a stock option grant of 600 shares if the Company's earnings meet
a prescribed earnings formula.  This plan provides for the grant of up to
200,000 shares as either stock or stock options.  There were no significant
expenses under this plan for 1994, 1993 or 1992.

  The Company maintains an employee stock option plan ("Partner Share") that
grants substantially all full-time U.S. employees a fixed number of stock
options that vest over a three year period and may be exercised over a ten year
period.  Partner Share authorizes the grant of up to 2.5 million shares.  The
initial grant of 2,304,000 shares during 1991 was at an exercise price of
$37.50.  There have been no additional grants.

  A summary of stock option information follows:

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
                                 1994            .               1993
                             -----------------------------------------------
                                        Average                    Average
                               Number    Option       Number        Option
                              of Shares   Price      of Shares       Price
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                          <C>        <C>          <C>           <C>    
(thousands of shares)
Outstanding at January 1       3,196     $ 36.61       3,917        $ 33.37
Granted                          553       55.32         565          50.89
Exercised                       (432)      33.28      (1,197)         32.70
Canceled or expired             (103)      46.34         (89)         37.41
                              ------                 ------- 

Outstanding at December 31     3,214     $ 39.96       3,196        $ 36.61
                              =============================================

Exercisable at December 31     2,323     $ 35.18       2,023        $ 32.81
                              =============================================

Available for future grant at
        December 31            1,647                   1,958
                              ======                 ======= 
</TABLE> 
<PAGE>

                                                          Financial Review 41



 
. Note 10: Restructuring Costs


Restructuring costs consist of the following:

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
                                                      1994      .      1993      .      1992
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                   <C>              <C>              <C> 
(millions of dollars)
Cash costs:

  Employee severance and related payments             $176              $10              $21
  Payments to terminated independent      
    distributors                                         -               13                -
  Lease termination, facility disposition                 
    and other costs                                     34                -                -
                                                      --------------------------------------  

    Total cash costs                                   210               23               21
Non-cash costs: 
  Loss on disposal of facilities and equipment          20                8                -
  Other asset write-downs                               20                -                4
                                                      --------------------------------------  
    Total non-cash costs                                40                8                4
                                                      --------------------------------------  
                                                      $250              $31              $25
                                                      ======================================  
</TABLE> 

  In 1994, restructuring costs relate to the consolidation and reorganization of
the Company's European sales, marketing and support functions to better serve
dealers by trade channel rather than by country, the closure of two North
American manufacturing facilities and the further consolidation and
rationalization of North American operations. The Company made payments of $18
million in 1994 related to severance of 600 employees. The remaining cash costs
of the restructuring will be paid primarily in 1995 and include the elimination
of an additional 2,600 employee positions. Pre-tax charges of $173 million, $72
million and $5 million relate to the Company's European, North American and
WFC/Corporate operations. Total 1994 after-tax charges were $192 million or
$2.54 per share.


  In 1993, restructuring costs relate to the consolidation of operations in
Europe and Canada and the termination of independent distributor agreements in
North America. Total 1993 after-tax charges were $14 million or $.19 per share.

  In 1992, restructuring costs relate to the strategic redirection of the
Company's financial services business, improved cost effectiveness in the
European appliance business and completion of the compressor facility
consolidation announced in 1991. Total 1992 after-tax charges were $18 million
or $.25 per share.

. Note 11: Income Taxes

The provision for income taxes are as follows:

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
                                                      1994      .      1993      .      1992
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                   <C>              <C>              <C> 
(millions of dollars)
Current:

  Federal                                             $143             $118             $ 86
  State and local                                       29               26               12
  Foreign                                               44               27               23
                                                      --------------------------------------

                                                       216              171              121
Deferred (credit):      
  Federal                                                2              (36)              19
  State and local                                      (10)              (8)               9
  Foreign                                              (32)              21                5
                                                      --------------------------------------

                                                       (40)             (23)              33
                                                      --------------------------------------
                                                      $176             $148             $154
                                                      ======================================
</TABLE> 

  Domestic and foreign earnings before income taxes, other items and
accounting change are as follows:

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
                                                      1994      .      1993      .      1992
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                   <C>              <C>              <C> 
(millions of dollars)
Domestic                                              $315             $236             $292
Foreign                                                (23)             139               80
                                                      --------------------------------------
                                                      $292             $375             $372
                                                      ======================================
</TABLE> 
<PAGE>


42 Financial Review



        . [ Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) ] .



. Note 11: Income Taxes (continued)

  Reconciliations between the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate and the
consolidated effective income tax rate for earnings before income taxes and
other items are as follows:

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
                                                      1994    .       1993    .       1992
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                 <C>            <C>             <C> 
U.S. federal statutory rate                           35.0%          35.0%           34.0%
Impact of restructuring                               13.2             --              --
Impact of business dispositions                        7.2           (1.2)             --
State and local taxes, net of federal tax benefit      4.3            3.1             3.7
Nondeductible goodwill amortization                    2.8            1.9             2.0
Excess foreign taxes                                    --            1.3             1.3
Foreign tax loss carryforwards                        (1.7)          (1.5)           (1.5)
Taxes related to prior years                            --             --              .7      
Other items                                            (.4)            .9             1.2
                                                      -------------------------------------    
Effective income tax rate                             60.4%          39.5%           41.4%
                                                      =====================================
</TABLE> 
                                                                           
  A full tax benefit was not recognized on the 1994 restructuring charge in
Europe and North America due to net operating loss positions in certain tax
jurisdictions.                                                             
                                                                           
  In 1993, the Company changed its method of accounting for income taxes as
required by Financial Accounting Standards Board Statement No. 109, "Accounting
for Income Taxes."   Adoption of the new rules did not have a material effect
on the Company's financial statements.

  Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences
between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities used for financial
reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes.  Significant
components of the Company's deferred tax liabilities and assets are as follows:

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
December 31                                         1994      .      1993
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                 <C>              <C>  
(millions of dollars)
Deferred tax liabilities:
  Property, plant and equipment                     $174             $161
  Financial services leveraged leases                110               99
  Other                                               30               24
                                                    ---------------------
    Total deferred tax liabilities                   314              284

Deferred tax assets:
  Postretirement obligation                          134              127
  Accrued expenses                                    65               56
  Restructuring costs                                 73               13
  Loss carryforwards                                  25               20
  Employee compensation                               28               27
  Receivable and inventory allowances                 21               24
  Other                                               56               80
                                                    ---------------------

    Total deferred tax assets                        402              347

      Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets    (34)             (25)
                                                    ---------------------

Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance      368              322
                                                    ---------------------

Net deferred tax assets                             $ 54             $ 38
                                                    =====================
</TABLE> 

  The Company has recorded a valuation allowance to reflect the estimated
amount of net operating loss carryforwards and other deferred tax assets which
may not be realized.  

  The Company provides deferred taxes on the undistributed earnings of foreign
subsidiaries and affiliates to the extent such earnings are expected to be
remitted.  Generally, earnings have been remitted only when no significant net
tax liability would have been incurred.  No provision has been made for U.S. or
foreign taxes that may result from future remittances of the undistributed
earnings ($198 million at December 31, 1994) of foreign subsidiaries and
affiliates expected to be reinvested indefinitely.  Determination of the
deferred income tax liability on these unremitted earnings is not practicable
as such liability, if any, is dependent on circumstances existing when
remittance occurs.
<PAGE>

                                                             Financial Review 43
 
. Note 11:  Income Taxes (continued)

  At December 31, 1994, the Company has foreign net operating loss
carryforwards of $80 million which are primarily non-expiring.

  The Company paid income taxes of $177 million in 1994, $140 million in 1993
and $75 million in 1992.

. Note 12:  Pension Plans       

  The Company maintains both contributory and noncontributory defined benefit
pension plans covering substantially all North American employees and certain
European employees.  The plans provide pension benefits that are based
primarily on compensation during a specified period before retirement or
specified amounts for each year of service.  The Company's present funding
policy for these plans is to generally make the minimum annual contribution
required by applicable regulations.  Assets held by the plans consist primarily
of listed common stocks and bonds, government securities, investments in trust
funds, bank deposits and other investments.

  Pension expense includes the following components:

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
                                                         1994  .  1993  .  1992
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(millions of dollars)
<S>                                                      <C>      <C>      <C> 
Service cost - benefits earned during the year           $ 36     $  31    $ 28
Interest cost on projected benefit obligation              75        71      65
Actual return on plan assets                               (3)     (128)    (82)
Net amortization                                          (97)       33      (6)
                                                         ----------------------
                                                         $ 11     $   7    $  5
                                                         ======================
</TABLE>
 
  Assumptions used in accounting for defined benefit pension plans are as
follows:                                                 

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
                                              1994    .    1993    .    1992
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                         <C>          <C>          <C> 
Discount rate                               7.0-10.0%    7.0-8.5%     7.5-10.0%
Rate of compensation level increase         4.0-6.5%     4.0-6.5%     4.0-7.5%
Expected long-term rate of return on 
 plan assets                                6.5-9.5%     6.5-9.5%     6.5-10.0%
</TABLE> 

The funded status of the pension plans is as follows:

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
                
                                           Plans Whose Assets            Plans Whose
                                           Exceed Accumulated       Accumulated Benefits
                                                Benefits             Exceed Plan Assets 
                                         1994      .       1993     1994      .      1993
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(millions of dollars)
<S>                                      <C>              <C>       <C>              <C>  
Projected benefit obligation             $(751)           $ (857)   $(158)           $(79)
Plan assets at fair value                  965             1,127       90              17
                                         ------------------------------------------------
Plan assets in excess of (less than)
 projected benefit obligation              214               270      (68)            (62)

Unrecognized prior service cost             28                43       18               3
Unrecognized net experience (gain) loss   (190)             (256)      (4)             13
Unrecognized net obligation (asset), 
 net of amortization                       (26)              (37)      (5)              2
Additional minimum liability                --                --       (5)             (5)
                                         ------------------------------------------------
Pension asset (liability) included in
 other assets (postemployment 
 benefits)                               $  26            $   20    $ (64)           $(49)
                                         ================================================
</TABLE> 

  The accumulated benefit obligation, which is included in the projected
benefit obligation, represents the actuarial present value of benefits
attributed to employee service and compensation levels to date.  At December
31, 1994 and 1993, the accumulated benefit obligation was $785 million and $800
million. The vested portion was $690 million in 1994 and $713 million in 1993.

  The U.S. pension plans provide that in the event of a plan termination
within five years following a change in control of the Company, any assets held
by the plans in excess of the amounts needed to fund accrued benefits would be
used to provide additional benefits to plan participants.  A change in control
generally means one not approved by the incumbent Board of Directors, including
an acquisition of 25% or more of the voting power of the Company's outstanding
stock or a change in a majority of the incumbent Board.

  Certain European subsidiaries maintain termination indemnity and special
severance plans.  The cost of these plans, determined in accordance with local
government specifications, was $16 million in 1994, $16 million in 1993 and $28
million in 1992.
<PAGE>


44 Financial Review


        . [ Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) ] .


. Note 12: Pension Plans (continued)

  The Company maintains a 401(k) defined contribution plan covering
substantially all U.S. employees.  Company matching contributions for domestic
hourly and certain other employees under the plan, based on the Company's
annual operating results and the level of individual participant's
contributions,  amounted to $5 million in 1994, $8 million in 1993 and $7
million in 1992.

. Note 13: Postretirement Benefit Plans

  The Company currently sponsors a defined benefit health care plan that
provides postretirement medical benefits to full time U.S. employees who have
worked 5 years and attained age 55 while in service with the Company.  The plan
is currently noncontributory and contains cost-sharing features such as
deductibles, coinsurance and a lifetime maximum.  The Company does not fund the
plan.  No significant postretirement benefits are provided by the Company to
non-U.S.  employees.

  Effective January 1, 1993, the Company adopted Financial Accounting
Standards Board Statement No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement
Benefits Other than Pensions."  The Company recorded the $300 million pre-tax
transition obligation as a cumulative effect accounting change, resulting in an
after-tax charge of $180 million.  The new rules increased the 1993 accounting
charge for postretirement benefit costs by $20 million, decreasing net income
by $12 million.  Postretirement benefit expenses of $12 million for 1992 were
recorded on a cash basis.

  The components of the annual postretirement benefit costs are as follows:

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
                                        1994  .  1993  .   1992
- -----------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                  <C>        <C>       <C> 
(millions of dollars) 
Service cost                          $  9       $   8      $  12
Interest cost                           26          24          -
Recognition of transition obligation     -         300          -
                                      ---------------------------
                                      $ 35       $ 332      $  12
                                      ===========================
</TABLE> 

The components of the postretirement obligation are as follows:

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
December 31                                       1994   .    1993
- -------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                             <C>        <C> 
(millions of dollars)
Accumulated postretirement benefit obligation:
  Retirees                                       $  148     $  146
  Fully eligible active participants                 75         75
  Other active plan participants                     99        108
                                                 -----------------
  Total                                             322        329

Unrecognized gain (loss)                             12        (11)
                                                 ----------------- 
Postretirement obligation                        $  334     $  318
                                                 ================= 
</TABLE> 

  The assumed health care trend rate decreases gradually from 10% in 1994 and
1995 to 6% in 2000 and remains at that level.  Increasing the health care trend
rate by one percentage point would increase the accumulated postretirement
benefit obligation as of December 31, 1994, by $22 million and increase the
annual postretirement benefit cost for 1994 by $2 million.  A discount rate of
8.5% and 8.0% was used to determine the accumulated postretirement benefit
obligation at December 31, 1994 and 1993.

  Effective January 1, 1993, the Company adopted Financial Accounting
Standards Board Statement No. 112, "Employers' Accounting for Postemployment
Benefits."  The rules require recognition of specified postemployment benefits
provided to former or inactive employees, such as severance pay, workers
compensation, supplemental employment benefits, disability benefits, and
continuation of health care and life insurance coverage.  Adoption of the rules
did not have a material effect on the Company's 1993 financial statements.

. Note 14: Contingencies

  The Company is involved in various legal actions arising in the normal
course of business.  Management, after taking into consideration legal
counsel's evaluation of such actions, is of the opinion that the outcome of
these matters will not have a material adverse effect on the financial position
or operations of the Company.

  The Company is a party to certain financial instruments with
off-balance-sheet risk primarily to meet the financing needs of its financial
services
<PAGE>
                                                             Financial Review 45

. Note 14:  Contingencies (continued)

customers. These financial instruments are entered into in the normal course of
business and consist of lending commitments, standby letters of credit and
financial guarantees. The Company's exposure to credit loss in the event of
nonperformance by the debtors is the contractual amount of the financial
instruments. The Company uses the same credit policies in making commitments and
conditional obligations as it does for on-balance-sheet instruments. Collateral
or other security is generally required to support financial instruments with
off-balance-sheet credit risk.

  At December 31, 1994, standby letters of credit, repurchase agreements and
financial guarantees totaled $116 million.

. Note 15:  Business Segment Information

Geographic Segments - Major Home Appliances

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 

                              North               Other and      Major Home
                             America   Europe   (Eliminations)   Appliances
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
(millions of dollars)

<S>                          <C>       <C>      <C>              <C> 
Net sales
1994                          $5,048   $2,451           $  450       $7,949
1993                          $4,547   $2,410           $  411       $7,368
1992                          $4,266   $2,645           $  186       $7,097

Operating profit
1994                          $  311   $   43           $   16       $  370
1993                          $  341   $  129           $   34       $  504
1992                          $  327   $  101           $   19       $  447

Identifiable assets
1994                          $2,046   $1,824           $1,410       $5,280
1993                          $1,742   $1,758           $1,154       $4,654
1992                          $1,570   $1,917           $  982       $4,469

Depreciation expense
1994                          $  141   $   98           $    4       $  243
1993                          $  137   $  101           $    1       $  239
1992                          $  138   $  132           $    1       $  271

Net capital expenditures     
1994                          $  269   $  135           $   12       $  416
1993                          $  188   $  116           $    3       $  307
1992                          $  170   $  111           $    3       $  284

</TABLE> 

  Identifiable assets are those assets directly associated with the respective
operating activities. Substantially all of the Company's trade receivables are
from wholesale distributors and retailers. Corporate assets which consist
principally of cash, investments, prepaid expenses, deferred income taxes and
property and equipment related to corporate activities are included as other.

  Sales activity with Sears, Roebuck and Co., a North American major home
appliance retailer, represented 19% of consolidated net sales in 1994, 1993 and
1992 and 16% and 14% of consolidated trade receivables at December 31, 1994 and
1993.

Whirlpool Financial Corporation

  WFC, reported as a consolidated subsidiary, provides diversified financial
services to businesses and consumers in North America, and also provides
inventory financing activities in Europe. Financial products include inventory
financing services for dealers and distributors which market products
manufactured by the Company and various other manufacturers and consumer
financing services for retail sales by dealers. WFC financial information is
included in the supplemental consolidating data column of the consolidated
financial statements.

  During 1993, the Company announced a strategic restructuring of WFC. The
subsidiary is phasing out of aerospace and has substantially liquidated its
highly leveraged commercial lending portfolio in favor of a strategy to better
complement the Company's home appliance business. Financial services 1993
operating profit includes a $48 million charge to adjust the value of specific
aerospace and commercial accounts in its financing portfolio. The total charge
was $65 million or $40 million after-tax.

<PAGE>

46 Financial Review

         . [Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) ] .
 

. Note 16:  Quarterly Results of Operations (Unaudited)

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
                                                           Three Months Ended 
                                           Dec. 31   .   Sept. 30   .   June 30  .   March 31
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(millions of dollars, except share data)
<S>                                        <C>            <C>            <C>         <C> 
1994:
Net sales                                  $ 2,058        $ 2,046        $ 2,013      $ 1,832

Cost of products sold                      $ 1,534        $ 1,538        $ 1,515      $ 1,365

Financial services revenue, less
  related interest expense                 $    27        $    27        $    25      $    25

Net earnings (loss)                        $   (91)       $    98        $    84      $    67

Per share of common stock:

  Primary earnings (loss)                  $ (1.20)       $  1.30        $  1.10      $  0.90

  Fully diluted earnings (loss)            $ (1.15)       $  1.27        $  1.09      $  0.88

  Dividends paid                           $  .305        $  .305        $  .305      $  .305

Stock price:
  High                                     $55 1/2        $55 3/8        $    62      $73 1/2
  Low                                      $44 5/8        $48 1/2        $52 3/8      $59 3/8
  Close                                    $50 1/4        $51 3/8        $52 1/2      $60 7/8
</TABLE> 

  Restructuring initiatives described in Note 10 and business dispositions
described in Note 2 reduced fourth quarter net earnings by $187 million or
$2.47 per share, increased third quarter net earnings by $15 million or $.20
per share and reduced second quarter net earnings by $2 million or $.03 per
share.

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
                                                           Three Months Ended 
                                           Dec. 31   .   Sept. 30   .   June 30  .   March 31
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(millions of dollars, except share data)
<S>                                        <C>            <C>            <C>         <C> 
1993:
Net sales                                  $ 1,864         $ 1,871        $ 1,873      $ 1,760
 
Cost of products sold                      $ 1,355         $ 1,398        $ 1,420      $ 1,330
 
Financial services revenue, less
  related interest expense                 $    27         $    24        $    24      $    31
 
Net earnings before accounting
  change                                   $    69         $    70        $    74      $    18
 
Net earnings (loss)                        $    69         $    70        $    74      $  (162)
 
Per share of common stock:
  Primary earnings before
    accounting change                      $   .94         $   .96        $  1.04      $  0.25
 
  Primary earnings (loss)                  $   .94         $   .96        $  1.04      $ (2.27)
 
  Fully diluted earnings
    before accounting change               $   .90         $   .95        $  1.01      $  0.25
 
  Fully diluted earnings (loss)            $   .90         $   .95        $  1.01      $ (2.27)
 
  Dividends paid                           $  .305         $  .305        $  .305      $  .275
 
Stock price:
  High                                     $    67         $    68        $57 3/4      $54 1/8
  Low                                      $    58         $55 5/8        $51 7/8      $43 1/4
  Close                                    $66 1/2         $58 7/8        $56 7/8      $53 5/8
</TABLE>

   First quarter earnings were reduced by $40 million or $.56 per share to
adjust the value of specific accounts held by WFC.
   Restructuring initiatives described in Note 10 reduced fourth quarter net
earnings by $14 million or $.19 per share.


<PAGE>

                                                          Financial Review 47




           . [ Report of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors ] .

 
The Stockholders and Board of Directors
Whirlpool Corporation
Benton Harbor, Michigan

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Whirlpool
Corporation and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1994 and 1993, and the related
consolidated statements of earnings and cash flows for each of the three years
in the period ended December 31, 1994.  These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.  We did not audit the
financial statements of the Brazilian affiliates used as the basis for recording
the Company's equity in their net earnings (losses), as presented in Note 5 to
the consolidated financial statements.  The financial statements of those
affiliates were audited by other auditors whose reports have been furnished to
us, and our opinion, insofar as it relates to the amounts included for the
Brazilian affiliates, is based solely on the reports of the other auditors.

  We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards.  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits and the reports of the other auditors provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

  In our opinion, based on our audits and the reports of the other auditors,
the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material
respects, the consolidated financial position of Whirlpool Corporation and
subsidiaries at December 31, 1994 and 1993, and the consolidated results of
their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31, 1994, in conformity with generally accepted accounting
principles.

  As discussed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements, in 1993
the Company changed its method of accounting for postretirement benefits other
than pensions, postemployment benefits and income taxes.


/s/ Ernst & Young LLP
Chicago, Illinois
January 26, 1995




     . [ Report by Management on the Consolidated Financial Statements ] .


The management of Whirlpool Corporation has prepared the accompanying
financial statements.  The financial statements have been audited by Ernst &
Young, independent auditors, whose report, based upon their audits and the
reports of other independent auditors, expresses the opinion that these
financial statements present fairly the consolidated financial position, results
of operations and cash flows of Whirlpool Corporation and subsidiaries ("the
Company") in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.  Their
audits are conducted in conformity with generally accepted auditing standards.

  The financial statements were prepared from the Company's accounting records,
books and accounts which, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect
all material transactions.  The Company maintains a system of internal controls
designed to provide reasonable assurance that the Company's accounting records,
books and accounts are accurate and that transactions are properly recorded in
the Company's books and records, and the Company's assets are maintained and
accounted for, in accordance with management's authorizations.  The Company's
accounting records, policies and internal controls are regularly reviewed by the
Company's internal audit staff.

  The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company, which is
composed of three directors who are not employed by the Company, considers and
makes recommendations to the Board of Directors as to accounting and auditing
matters concerning the Company, including recommending for appointment by the
Board of Directors the firm of independent auditors engaged on an annual basis
to audit the financial statements of Whirlpool Corporation and its majority
owned subsidiaries.  The Audit Committee meets with the independent auditors at
least three times each year to review the scope of the audit, the results of the
audit and such recommendations as may be made by said auditors with respect to
the Company's accounting methods and system of internal controls.


/s/ Robert G. Thompson
Robert G. Thompson
Vice President and Controller
January 26, 1995
<PAGE>
  
48 Financial Review


              . [ Eleven-Year Consolidated Statistical Review ] .

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
                                          1994  .  1993  .  1992  .  1991  .  1990  .  1989  . 1988  .  1987
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(millions of dollars, except share data)
<S>                                      <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>     <C>      <C>
Consolidated Operations
Net sales                                $ 7,949  $ 7,368  $ 7,097  $ 6,550  $ 6,424  $6,138  $ 4,306  $ 4,104  
Financial services                           155      165      204      207      181     136      107       94
                                   
 Total revenues                          $ 8,104  $ 7,533  $ 7,301  $ 6,757  $ 6,605  $6,274  $ 4,413  $ 4,198
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Operating profit                         $   397  $   482  $   479  $   393  $   349  $  411  $   261  $   296
Earnings from continuing           
 operations before income          
 taxes and other items                   $   292  $   375  $   372  $   304  $   220  $  308  $   233  $   280
Earnings from continuing operations
 before accounting change (1)            $   158  $   231  $   205  $   170  $    72  $  187  $   161  $   187
Net earnings (2)                         $   158  $    51  $   205  $   170  $    72  $  187  $    94  $   192
                                   
Net capital expenditures                 $   418  $   309  $   288  $   287  $   265  $  208  $   166  $   223
Depreciation                             $   246  $   241  $   275  $   233  $   247  $  222  $   143  $   133
Dividends paid                           $    90  $    85  $    77  $    76  $    76  $   76  $    76  $    79
==============================================================================================================
Consolidated Financial Position    
Current assets                           $ 3,078  $ 2,708  $ 2,740  $ 2,920  $ 2,900  $2,889  $ 1,827  $ 1,690
Current liabilities                      $ 2,988  $ 2,763  $ 2,887  $ 2,931  $ 2,651  $2,251  $ 1,374  $ 1,246
Working capital                          $    90  $   (55) $  (147) $   (11) $   249  $  638  $   453  $   444
Property, plant and                
 equipment-net                           $ 1,440  $ 1,319  $ 1,325  $ 1,400  $ 1,349  $1,288  $   820  $   779
Total assets                             $ 6,655  $ 6,047  $ 6,118  $ 6,445  $ 5,614  $5,354  $ 3,410  $ 3,137
Long-term debt                           $   885  $   840  $ 1,215  $ 1,528  $   874  $  982  $   474  $   367
Total debt-appliance business            $   965  $   850  $ 1,198  $ 1,330  $ 1,026  $1,125  $   441  $   383
Stockholders' equity                     $ 1,723  $ 1,648  $ 1,600  $ 1,515  $ 1,424  $1,421  $ 1,321  $ 1,304
==============================================================================================================
Per Share Data                     
Earnings from continuing operations
 before accounting change                $  2.10  $  3.19  $  2.90  $  2.45  $  1.04  $ 2.70  $  2.33  $  2.61
Net earnings                             $  2.10  $  0.67  $  2.90  $  2.45  $  1.04  $ 2.70  $  1.36  $  2.68
Dividends                                $  1.22  $  1.19  $  1.10  $  1.10  $  1.10  $ 1.10  $  1.10  $  1.10
Book value                               $ 22.83  $ 22.80  $ 22.67  $ 21.78  $ 20.51  $20.49  $ 19.06  $ 18.83
Closing Stock Price - NYSE               $50-1/4  $66-1/2  $44-5/8  $38-7/8  $23-1/2  $   33  $24-3/4  $24-3/8  
 
<CAPTION> 
                                        . 1986  .    1985  .  1984
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
(millions of dollars,except share data)
<S>                                      <C>      <C>        <C> 
Consolidated Operations
Net sales                                $ 3,928  $   3,465  $ 3,128      
Financial services                            76         67       63
                                         
 Total revenues                          $ 4,004  $   3,532  $ 3,191      
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
Operating profit                         $   326  $     295  $   288      
Earnings from continuing                 
 operations before income                
 taxes and other items                   $   329  $     321  $   326      
Earnings from continuing operations      
 before accounting change (1)            $   202  $     182  $   190      
Net earnings (2)                         $   200  $     182  $   190      
                                         
Net capital expenditures                 $   217  $     178  $   135      
Depreciation                             $   120  $      89  $    72      
Dividends paid                           $    76  $      73  $    73      
====================================================================
Consolidated Financial Position          
Current assets                           $ 1,654  $   1,410  $ 1,302      
Current liabilities                      $ 1,006  $     781  $   671      
Working capital                          $   648  $     629  $   632        
Property, plant and                      
 equipment-net                           $   677  $     514  $   398      
Total assets                             $ 2,856  $   2,207  $ 1,901 
Long-term debt                           $   298  $     125  $    91
Total debt-appliance business            $   194  $      64  $    53
Stockholders' equity                     $ 1,350  $   1,207  $ 1,096
====================================================================
Per Share Data                     
Earnings from continuing operations
 before accounting change                $  2.72  $    2.49  $  2.59
Net earnings                             $  2.70  $    2.49  $  2.59
Dividends                                $  1.03  $    1.00  $  1.00
Book value                               $ 18.21  $   16.46  $ 14.97
Closing Stock Price - NYSE               $33-7/8  $24-11/16  $23-1/4
</TABLE> 


<PAGE>
 
                                                            Financial Review 49



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               1994  .  1993  .  1992  .  1991  .  1990  .  1989  .  1988  .  1987
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(millions of dollars, except share data)
<S>                                           <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>
Key Ratios                                
Operating profit margin                          4.9%     6.4%     6.6%     5.8%     5.3%     6.6%     5.9%     7.1%
Pre-tax margin (3)                               3.6%     5.0%     5.1%     4.5%     3.3%     4.9%     5.3%     6.6%
Net margin (4)                                   2.0%     3.1%     2.8%     2.5%     1.1%     3.0%     3.6%     4.4%
Return on average stockholders' equity (5)       9.4%    14.2%    13.1%    11.6%     5.1%    13.7%    12.3%    14.1%
Return on average total assets (6)               2.8%     4.0%     3.3%     2.9%     1.4%     4.9%     4.9%     6.2%
Current assets to current liabilities            1.0      1.0      0.9      1.0      1.1      1.3      1.3      1.4
Total debt-appliance business             
 as a percent of invested capital (7)           34.4%    31.6%    41.7%    46.1%    37.6%    39.2%    20.5%    19.3%
Price earnings ratio                            23.9     20.8     15.4     15.9     22.6     12.2     18.2      9.1
Fixed charge coverage (8)                        3.0      3.2      2.6      2.3      1.8      2.7      3.5      5.4
====================================================================================================================
Other Data                                
Number of common shares                   
 outstanding (in thousands):              
   Average                                    75,490   72,272   70,558   69,528   69,443   69,338   69,262   71,732
   Year-end                                   73,845   73,068   70,027   69,640   69,465   69,382   69,289   69,232
Number of shareholders (year-end)             11,821   11,438   11,724   12,032   12,542   12,454   12,521   12,128
Number of employees (year-end)                39,016   39,590   38,520   37,886   36,157   39,411   29,110   30,301
Total return to shareholders              
 (five year annualized) (9)                     12.0%    25.8%    17.0%     6.7%     2.8%    11.3%     4.4%     6.2%

<CAPTION> 
                                             . 1986  .  1985  .  1984 
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
(millions of dollars, except share data)
<S>                                           <C>      <C>      <C> 
Key Ratios                                       
Operating profit margin                          8.1%     8.4%     9.0%
Pre-tax margin (3)                               8.2%     9.1%    10.2%
Net margin (4)                                   5.0%     5.1%     5.9%
Return on average stockholders' equity (5)      15.8%    15.8%    18.3% 
Return on average total assets (6)               8.0%     9.1%    10.6%
Current assets to current liabilities            1.6      1.8      1.9
Total debt-appliance business                     
 as a percent of invested capital (7)            --       2.8%     2.7%
Price earnings ratio                            12.5      9.9      9.0 
Fixed charge coverage (8)                        7.7     10.7     11.9
=======================================================================
Other Data                                    
Number of common shares                       
 outstanding (in thousands):                    
   Average                                    73,831   73,285   73,171
   Year-end                                   74,128   73,325   73,234
Number of shareholders (year-end)             11,297   11,668    8,912
Number of employees (year-end)                30,520   25,573   22,757
Total return to shareholders              
 (five year annualized) (9)                     26.8%    26.6%    26.6%
</TABLE> 


(1) Accounting changes: 1993 -- Accounting for postretirement benefits other
    than pensions, 1987 -- Accounting for income taxes and 1986 -- Accounting
    for pensions.
(2) The Company's kitchen cabinet business was discontinued in 1988.
(3) Earnings from continuing operations before income taxes and other items, as
    a percent of revenue.
(4) Earnings from continuing operations before accounting change, as a percent
    of revenue.
(5) Earnings from continuing operations before accounting change divided by
    average stockholders' equity.
(6) Earnings from continuing operations before accounting change, plus minority
    interest, divided by average total assets.
(7) Cash, debt, minority interests and stockholders' equity.
(8) Ratio of earnings from continuing operations (before income taxes,
    accounting change and interest expense) to interest expense.
(9) Stock appreciation plus reinvested dividends.
 
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>8
<DESCRIPTION>SUBSIDIARIES
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
 


                                 Subsidiaries
                                 ------------

Subsidiary and Name                               Jurisdiction In
Under Which It Does Business                      Which Organized
- ----------------------------                      ---------------

Whirlpool Europe B.V./1/                          The Netherlands

Whirlpool Properties, Inc./1/                     Michigan

Inglis Limited/1/                                 Ontario, Canada

Whirlpool Financial Corporation                   Delaware

Whirlpool Financial National Bank/2/              A National Banking Association



The names of the Company's other subsidiaries are omitted because, considered in
the aggregate as a single subsidiary, such subsidiaries would not constitute a
significant subsidiary as of December 31, 1994.




- ---------------------------------------
/1/Wholly-owned by Registrant
/2/Wholly-owned by Whirlpool Financial Corporation
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.IIA
<SEQUENCE>9
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF ERNST & YOUNG
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
 
                         CONSENT OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP



The Board of Directors
Whirlpool Corporation
Benton Harbor, Michigan



We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 
33-34490, 33-34037, 33-21360, 33-00201, 2-64261, 33-05904, 33-40249, 33-40010 
and 33-43823 of Whirlpool Corporation and Registration Statement Nos. 33-26680 
and 33-53196 of Whirlpool Corporation and Whirlpool Savings Plan of our report 
dated January 26, 1995, with respect to the consolidated financial statements
and schedules of Whirlpool Corporation and subsidiaries, included in this Annual
Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 1994.


 

/s/ Ernst & Young LLP

Chicago, Illinois
March 17, 1995
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.IIB
<SEQUENCE>10
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF PRICE WATERHOUSE
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
 
                      CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS



We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement
nos. 33-34490, 33-34037, 33-21360, 33-00201, 2-64261, 33-05904, 33-40249,
33-40010 and 33-43823 of Whirlpool Corporation and Registration Statement nos.
33-26680 and 33-53196 of Whirlpool Corporation and Whirlpool Savings Plan of our
reports with respect to the financial statements of Empresa Brasileira de
Compressores S.A. - EMBRACO and its subsidiaries, Multibras S.A.
Eletrodomesticos and its subsidiaries and Brasmotor S.A. and its subsidiaries
dated January 23, 1995 included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year
ended December 31, 1994.


[SIGNATURE OF PRICE WATERHOUSE]

PRICE WATERHOUSE



Sao Paulo, Brazil
March 17, 1995 


















</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-24
<SEQUENCE>11
<DESCRIPTION>POWERS OF ATTORNEY
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

 
                               POWER OF ATTORNEY
                               -----------------

         KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each of the undersigned, being a
director or officer, or both, of WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation
(hereinafter called the "Corporation"), does hereby constitute and appoint DAVID
R. WHITWAM, WILLIAM D. MAROHN, BRADLEY J. BELL and DANIEL F. HOPP, with full
power to each of them to act alone, as the true and lawful attorneys and agents
of the undersigned, with full power of substitution and resubstitution to each
of said attorneys, to execute, file or deliver any and all instruments and to do
all acts and things which said attorneys and agents, or any of them, deem
advisable to enable the Corporation to comply with the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any
requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in respect thereof, in
connection with (i) the filing under said Securities Exchange Act of the
Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994,
and (ii) the filing under said Securities Exchange Act of the Annual Report on
Form 11-K for the year ended December 31, 1994 for the Whirlpool 401(k) Plan,
including specifically, but without limitation of the general authority hereby
granted, the power and authority to sign his or her name as a director or
officer, or both, of the Corporation, as indicated below opposite his or her
signature, to the Annual Report on Form 10-K and the Annual Report on Form 11-K,
or any amendment, post-effective amendment, or papers supplemental thereto to be
filed in respect of said Annual Reports; and each of the undersigned does hereby
fully ratify and confirm all that said attorneys and agents, or any of them, or
the substitute of any of them, shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has subscribed these 
presents, as of the 21st day of February, 1995.

           Name                                         Title



/s/ David R. Whitwam
- ---------------------------                 Director, Chairman of the Board and
David R. Whitwam                            Chief Executive Officer
                                            (Principal Executive Officer)



/s/ William D. Marohn
- ---------------------------                 Director, President and
William D. Marohn                           Chief Operating Officer




/s/ Bradley J. Bell
- ---------------------------                 Vice President and Treasurer
Bradley J. Bell                             (Principal Financial Officer)




/s/ Robert G. Thompson
- ---------------------------                 Vice President and Controller
Robert G. Thompson                          (Principal Financial Officer)
<PAGE>
 

/s/ Victor A. Bonomo
- ---------------------------                 Director
Victor A. Bonomo


/s/ Robert A. Burnett
- ---------------------------                 Director
Robert A. Burnett


/s/ Herman Cain
- ---------------------------                 Director
Herman Cain


/s/ Allan D. Gilmour
- ---------------------------                 Director
Allan D. Gilmour


/s/ Arnold G. Langbo
- ---------------------------                 Director
Arnold G. Langbo


/s/ Miles L. Marsh
- ---------------------------                 Director
Miles L. Marsh


/s/ Philip L. Smith
- ---------------------------                 Director
Philip L. Smith


/s/ Paul G. Stern
- ---------------------------                 Director
Paul G. Stern


/s/ Janice D. Stoney
- ---------------------------                 Director
Janice D. Stoney
<PAGE>
 
                               POWER OF ATTORNEY
                               -----------------

         KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each of the undersigned, being a 
director or officer, or both, of WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation
(hereinafter called the "Corporation"), does hereby constitute and appoint DAVID
R. WHITWAM, WILLIAM D. MAROHN, BRADLEY J. BELL, and DANIEL F. HOPP, with full
power to each of them to act alone, as the true and lawful attorneys and agents
of the undersigned, with full power of substitution and resubstitution to each
of said attorneys, to execute, file or deliver any and all instruments and to do
all acts and things which said attorneys and agents, or any of them, deem
advisable to enable the Corporation to comply with the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any
requirements of the Securities Exchange Commission in respect thereof, in
connection with (i) the filing under said Securities Exchange Act of the
Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994,
and (ii) the filing under said Securities Exchange Act of the Annual Report on
Form 11-K for the year ended December 31, 1994 for the Whirlpool 401(k) Plan,
including specifically, but without limitation of the general authority hereby
granted, the power and authority to sign his or her name as a director or
officer, or both, of the Corporation, as indicated below opposite his or her
signature, to the Annual Report on Form 10-K and the Annual Report on Form 11-K,
or any amendment, post-effective amendment, or papers supplemental thereto to be
filed in respect of said Annual Reports; and each of the undersigned does hereby
fully ratify and confirm all that said attorneys and agents, or any of them, or
the substitute of any of them, shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has subscribed these 
presents, as of the 21st day of February, 1995.

           Name                                  Title



/s/ Kathleen J. Hempel
- ---------------------------                      Director
Kathleen J. Hempel
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>12
<DESCRIPTION>FINANCIAL DATA SCHEDULE
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<PAGE>
 
<ARTICLE> 5
<LEGEND> THIS SCHEDULE CONTAINS SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION EXTRACTED FROM 
         1994 10-K FOR WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION AND IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY
         REFERENCE TO SUCH FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.
</LEGEND>
<MULTIPLIER> 1,000,000
       
<S>                               <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                     YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                           DEC-31-1994
<PERIOD-START>                              JAN-01-1994
<PERIOD-END>                                DEC-31-1994
<CASH>                                               72
<SECURITIES>                                          0
<RECEIVABLES>                                     1,867
<ALLOWANCES>                                         84
<INVENTORY>                                         838
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                                  3,078
<PP&E>                                            3,101
<DEPRECIATION>                                    1,661
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                    6,655
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                             2,988
<BONDS>                                             885
<COMMON>                                             80
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                 0
<PREFERRED>                                           0
<OTHER-SE>                                        1,643
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                      6,655
<SALES>                                           7,949
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                                  8,104
<CGS>                                             5,952
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                     6,003
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                    214
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                      0
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                                  114
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                     292
<INCOME-TAX>                                        176
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                                 158
<DISCONTINUED>                                        0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                       0
<CHANGES>                                             0
<NET-INCOME>                                        158
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                      2.10
<EPS-DILUTED>                                      2.09
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
