-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 GZNH/dFDBx8EQpfJE2zX+kiw0TOeyu+lASX02wloYIN9XV/mthZVt+zm2/V1MIfb
 604dB2pNQ/M6pwv7R+oH4w==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950124-96-001397.txt : 19960401
<SEC-HEADER>0000950124-96-001397.hdr.sgml : 19960401
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950124-96-001397
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		11
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19951231
FILED AS OF DATE:		19960329
SROS:			NASD

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WALBRO CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000104174
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MOTOR VEHICLE PARTS & ACCESSORIES [3714]
		IRS NUMBER:				381358966
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11567
		FILM NUMBER:		96540517

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6242 GARFIELD ST
		CITY:			CASS CITY
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48726
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5178722131

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6432 GARFIELD ST
		CITY:			CASS CITY
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48726
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1


                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                              --------------------

                                   FORM 10-K

                Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
                      the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

                  For the fiscal year ended December 31, 1995
                         Commission File Number 0-6955

                              --------------------

                               WALBRO CORPORATION
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

                  Delaware                          38-1358966
          (State of Incorporation)           (I.R.S. Employer ID No.)

                6242 Garfield Street, Cass City, Michigan 48726
              (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

                                 (517) 872-2131
              (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

       Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  None

          Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
                          Common Stock, $.50 par value
                                (Title of Class)

  Indicate by  check mark whether the  registrant: (1)  has filed all reports
required to be filed  by Section 13 or  15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during  the preceding 12  months (or for such  shorter period that the
registrant  was required to file  such reports),  and (2)  has  been subject
to such  filing requirements for the past 90 days.

                               Yes  X    No 
                                   ---      ---

  Indicate  by check  mark  if  disclosure of  delinquent  filers pursuant to
Item  405 of Regulation S-K is  not contained herein, and will not be
contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive  proxy  or
information  statements incorporated  by reference in Part III of this  Form
10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.

  The aggregate  market value  of the  registrant's voting  stock held  by
non-affiliates of  the registrant,  based upon  the last reported sale price of
the registrant's Common Stock on March 12, 1996.

                                  $151,888,551

  The  number of shares outstanding  of the  registrant's  Common Stock, par
value $.50, as of March 12, 1996.

                                   8,601,796

                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

  Certain sections of the registrant's Annual Report to Stockholders for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 1995 and of the registrant's Notice of Annual
Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of
Stockholders to be held on April 17, 1996 are incorporated by reference into
Parts II and III of this report.
<PAGE>   2


                                     PART I

ITEM 1.   BUSINESS

GENERAL

     Walbro Corporation (the "Company") is a global leader in the design,
development and manufacture of precision fuel systems and products for
automotive and small engine markets worldwide.  The Company manufactures fuel
pumps, fuel modules, fuel level sensors, plastic fuel tanks and fuel rails for
sale to Original Equipment Manufacturers ("OEMs") of vehicles.  On July 27,
1995, the Company, through certain of its wholly-owned subsidiaries, acquired
the fuel systems business of Dyno Industrier A.S ("Dyno"), Oslo, Norway.  See
"Dyno" below.  Products manufactured for the small engine market include
carburetors and ignitions for chain saws, outboard marine engines, two-wheeled
vehicles, industrial engines and lawn and garden equipment, such as lawn mowers
and weed trimmers.  From 1990 to 1995, the Company (excluding Dyno) increased
net sales at the compound rate of approximately 17% per year.  This growth was
primarily due to the introduction of new automotive products, penetration of
additional automotive platforms and a recovery in the small engine industry.
The Company had 1995 net sales of $459.3 million including Dyno sales
subsequent to the acquisition.

     Through its subsidiary, Walbro Automotive Corporation, the Company
designs, develops and manufactures fuel storage and delivery products for a
broad range of U.S. and foreign manufacturers of passenger automobiles and
light trucks (including minivans).  The Company holds a strong market position
in the U.S. and, through the Dyno Acquisition and the Company's joint ventures
in France, Brazil, India, Japan and South Korea, has diversified its business
across a number of geographic markets.  In 1995, management believes that, in
the North American automotive market, the Company manufactured fuel pumps for
approximately 38% of Ford's automobiles and light trucks.  The Company also
manufactured all fuel module requirements for Ford light trucks, and, according
to management's estimates, manufactured approximately 25% of Ford's fuel rail
needs.  In addition, management estimates that the Company supplied Chrysler
with approximately 74% of its fuel pump and fuel module requirements, including
all requirements for Chrysler's passenger cars and minivans and approximately
50% of its requirements for Chrysler's light trucks.  Other automotive
customers of the Company, including the Company's joint ventures, include Audi,
Daewoo, Fiat, General Motors, Hyundai, Kia, Mercedes-Benz, Nedcar, Peugeot,
Renault, Rover, Saab, Volkswagen and Volvo.  Management believes that the
Company manufactures substantially all of the fuel tank systems for Volvo and
Saab and the fuel tank for the Mercedes 190/C Class, Volkswagen Polo and
Renault Twingo.  Approximately 76% of the Company's 1995 net sales, including
Dyno on a pro forma basis, were generated by its automotive operations.

     Through its subsidiary, Walbro Engine Management Corporation, the Company
designs, develops and manufactures diaphragm carburetors for portable engines
(such as those used in chain saws and weed trimmers), float feed carburetors
for ground supported engines (such as those used in lawn mowers and marine
engines) and ignition systems and other components for a variety of small
engine products.  The Company believes that it is the world's largest
independent manufacturer of small engine carburetors, with an approximate 76%
share of the global diaphragm carburetor market including sales to such leading
chain saw and weed trimmer manufacturers as Poulan/Weedeater (a Division of
Electrolux, A.B.), Homelite (a Division of Deere & Company), Stihl,
Incorporated, McCulloch, Ryobi Ltd.  and Kioritz (Echo) Corporation.  The
Company believes it has an approximate 10% share of the global float feed
carburetor market, including sales to Briggs & Stratton Corporation, the
world's largest small engine manufacturer, Kohler Company, Tecumseh Products
Co., and to Mercury Marine (a Division of Brunswick Corporation), a major
manufacturer of outboard marine engines.  The Company also manufactures
replacement products for both the automotive and small engine aftermarkets,
sales of which





                                       1
<PAGE>   3


are included within its small engine product business.  Approximately 24% of
the Company's 1995 net sales, including Dyno on a pro forma basis, were
generated by its small engine operations.

     The Company was incorporated in Michigan in 1950 and reincorporated in
Delaware in 1972. Unless the context indicates otherwise, all references to
"the Company" include Walbro Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries.
The Company's principal executive offices are located at 6242 Garfield Street,
Cass City, Michigan 48726-1325, and its telephone number is (517) 872-2131.

DYNO

     On July 27, 1995, the Company acquired Dyno for approximately $114 million
(the "Dyno Acquisition").  Dyno is a leading designer, manufacturer and
marketer of plastic mono-layer fuel tank systems and components to many
European vehicle manufacturers, including Audi, Mercedes-Benz, Nedcar, Peugeot,
Renault, Rover, Saab, Volkswagen and Volvo, and has operations in France,
Norway, Germany, Great Britain, Spain and Belgium.  Dyno produced approximately
1.75 million plastic fuel tanks in 1995, which management estimates to be
approximately 20% of the European plastic fuel tank market.

     In addition to manufacturing fuel tanks, Dyno manufactures plastic fill
pipes, fluid overflow containers, and other automobile blow-molded components
for cooling, heating and air conditioning systems.  These products, in the
aggregate, accounted for approximately 10% of Dyno's 1995 revenues.

     Dyno has increased its revenues from $147.1 million in 1994 to $210.5
million in 1995 (based on the average Norwegian Kroner("NOK")/U.S. Dollar 
exchange rates for each of 1994 and 1995).  Dyno has achieved this growth by
capitalizing on the European OEMs' increased use of plastic instead of steel
fuel tanks.  Plastic blow molding techniques are especially suited for the
short automobile production runs common in Europe.  In addition, Dyno's results
have improved as production in its Spanish, Belgium and German plants has
increased and as Dyno has added new platforms.

     The Dyno Acquisition is a continuation of the Company's efforts to
strengthen its position as a key supplier of integrated fuel systems to the
global automotive market, and it will create the only integrated provider of
plastic fuel tank and fuel pump systems in Europe.  The Dyno Acquisition has
provided the Company with a number of benefits, including:

- -    Further diversification of the Company's geographic markets and the
     increased ability to participate in the European automotive market.  The
     Company's international sales, on a pro forma basis for the Dyno
     Acquisition, would have been 54% of the Company's net sales (excluding
     joint ventures) in 1995 compared to 27% excluding Dyno.

- -    An increased opportunity for the Company to sell its fuel system products
     to Dyno's European-based OEM customers and for Dyno to sell its products
     to the European operations of Chrysler, Ford and General Motors.

- -    The ability to share blow molding process technology, especially with
     respect to the eventual transfer of the Company's multi-layer blow molding
     technology to Dyno's European facilities.





                                       2
<PAGE>   4


                         WALBRO AUTOMOTIVE CORPORATION

AUTOMOTIVE INDUSTRY OVERVIEW

     A number of trends within the global automotive market have had and will
continue to have a fundamental impact on the Company's future profitability and
growth prospects, including: the shift by OEMs to the purchase of "systems"
rather than individual components, the globalization of the OEM supplier base,
the expansion of OEM supplier responsibilities and increased emissions
regulation.  These trends have contributed to a consolidation of OEM suppliers
which the Company expects will continue.

     Purchase of Integrated Systems.  North American automotive OEMs are
relying increasingly on suppliers who can provide entire systems rather than a
number of different parts.  OEMs can reduce their own internal engineering
efforts and the number of suppliers by purchasing systems rather than
components.  Management believes the engineering and technological challenges
facing systems suppliers will continue to grow as these systems become more
complex.  To strengthen the Company's position as a major supplier of
automotive fuel systems, the Company is investing in its engineering and
testing capabilities and actively pursuing its systems philosophy.  The Company
believes that the systems approach will also be adopted outside North America
and that the acquisition of Dyno will allow the Company to provide systems to 
the European market in the future.

     Globalization of the OEM Supplier Base.  Several OEMs, including Ford, the
Company's largest customer, are introducing automobile models which are
designed for the world automotive market ("World Cars").  This departure from
the historical practice of designing separate models for each regional market
will require suppliers to establish international development and manufacturing
facilities capable of providing system components with consistent quality on a
worldwide basis.  Through the Dyno Acquisition and the Company's joint
ventures, the Company believes it is well positioned as a major supplier of
fuel storage and delivery systems ("FSDS") to the world automotive markets.

     Expansion of OEM Supplier Responsibilities.  Since the 1980s, Ford,
Chrysler and General Motors have been actively reducing their supplier base to
those who accept significant responsibility for product management and meet
increasingly strict standards for product quality, on time delivery and
manufacturing costs.  These suppliers are expected to control all aspects of
production of system components, including design, development, component
sourcing, manufacturing, quality assurance, testing and delivery to the
customer's assembly plant.  The Company believes that many suppliers do not
have the resources to meet these OEM requirements and that the automotive OEM
supplier market will be divided among a smaller group of key suppliers.  The
Company has received a number of quality awards from its OEM customers,
including the Ford Q1 Award, Chrysler QE Award and General Motors Supplier of
the Year Award and believes that this supplier consolidation provides an 
opportunity for the Company's increased penetration of the OEM market.

     Increasing Emissions Regulation.  Beginning in the late 1970s, U.S.
environmental regulations, including fuel economy regulations and the Clean Air
Act and its Amendments, have had a significant impact on fuel systems and the
controls placed on mobile source emissions.  As a result, U.S. automotive fuel
systems have evolved from mechanically controlled carbureted systems to more
sophisticated, electronically controlled fuel injection systems.  Governmental
action in many other parts of the world is forcing a similar transition to
engine management systems which produce less emissions.  For example, the
European Economic Community, which previously had less stringent automotive
exhaust regulations, adopted exhaust standards effective January 1, 1993 which
are comparable to 1983 U.S. requirements.





                                       3
<PAGE>   5


     Compliance with these regulations has resulted in efforts to reduce
evaporative emissions and the development of new "flexible" fuels such as
ethanol and methanol blends.  In response to these changes, the Company has
developed a number of products including electric pumps designed for electronic
fuel injection systems, onboard running vapor recovery ("ORVR") systems and
plastic fuel tanks which reduce hydrocarbon permeation and are corrosion
resistant to flexible fuels.

AUTOMOTIVE BUSINESS STRATEGY

     The Company intends to capitalize on trends in the automotive industry
through the development of its fuel systems technology and expansion of its
product line and customer base.  The key elements of the Company's strategy
include:

     Systems Approach to Product Development.  The Company is utilizing its
expertise to develop integrated FSDS which reduce evaporative emissions, are
compatible with the corrosive nature of flexible fuels and provide customers
with the cost savings and convenience of purchasing complete systems rather
than numerous individual components.  The Company's "systems" approach to
product development is designed to allow the Company to increase product
content on each vehicle in which its products are installed while providing
customers with substantial performance and cost benefits.  This systems
approach has made possible an increase in the value of the Company's products
per vehicle from $15 in 1987 to as much as $100 in 1995.  The 1995 Ford
Windstar with a three-liter engine, for example, is equipped with $54 of the
Company's products, whereas a similar Ford model was equipped with only $15 of
the Company's products in 1987.  The Company's ability to assume responsibility
for the development of FSDS allows OEMs to reduce internal engineering efforts
and use fewer suppliers through the purchase of systems rather than components.

     Global Capabilities.  The Company's international manufacturing and market
presence will allow the Company to offer its current and future FSDS technology
to the global automotive market.  The Dyno Acquisition significantly expands
the Company's presence in Europe and provides it with additional resources and
marketing contacts to supply integrated fuel systems to both European and North
American OEMs assembling vehicles in Europe and European OEMs assembling
vehicles in the United States.  Dyno's plastic tank manufacturing capability
will assist the Company in pursuing its systems strategy in Europe and in
serving OEM customers as they confront new environmental and regulatory
challenges worldwide and introduce World Cars designed for sale to the global
automotive market.  In addition, the Company has entered into joint ventures
with foreign manufacturers in Brazil, France, India, Japan and South Korea
which enable the Company to access those foreign markets.  In the future, the
Company may make additional strategic acquisitions of, or enter into strategic
alliances with, fuel systems product manufacturers whose products could be
integrated with the Company's existing product lines as part of the Company's
focus on systems development and global capability.

     Technical and Product Development Capabilities.  The Company's engineers
focus their research and development efforts to respond to the technical
challenges facing their customers.  The Company has designed its current line
of FSDS products in response to U.S. fuel economy and emission regulations and
changing consumer demands over the past two decades.  Management believes that
the Company is well positioned to capitalize on the emergence of more stringent
global emission regulations through the development of a new generation of
products and systems with greater fuel efficiency, reduced component weight,
improved durability, fuel vapor control and flexible fuel compatibility.
Examples of these products include the idle air solenoid, which regulates
engine idle speed in concert with the engine management system, and ORVR
systems, which capture fuel vapors from the fuel system and route them to a
carbon canister for storage and use.





                                       4
<PAGE>   6


     The Company has made substantial investments in fuel system technology,
product design and test capability and technical personnel to advance FSDS
technology and respond to customer needs.  The Company's new state-of-the-art
systems center in Auburn Hills, Michigan provides the Company with the
full-service product management capability which OEMs require of key suppliers
and provides the Company with a competitive advantage in the development of
proprietary fuel systems technology.  Similarly, the Company intends to build a
new systems center in Europe to provide product design and test capabilities,
thereby enabling the Company to be a full-service FSDS supplier to European and
North American OEMs manufacturing vehicles in Europe.

AUTOMOTIVE PRODUCTS

     The Company's product development engineers design fuel storage and
delivery systems in response to customer needs and in anticipation of evolving
trends in the market.  Today's electronic fuel injection system equipped
engines demand an uninterrupted supply of fuel under pressure and some vehicles
require complex fuel tank configurations.  The Company specializes in
technology employed in the FSDS and currently manufactures and sells fuel
pumps, fuel modules, fuel level sensors, plastic fuel tanks, bracket assemblies
and fuel rails.

     In response to the environmental and fuel efficiency demands on today's
automobiles, the Company has developed, and is continually taking steps to
improve, an electric pump designed to deliver fuel under pressure to electronic
fuel injection equipped engines.  The pump is fastened to a bracket and flange
assembly, which allows the pump to be mounted in the fuel tank.  The assembly
has been increasingly replaced with a single integrated unit, called a fuel
module, which performs all of the functions of the assembly described above.
The fuel module is a complete, value-added package for specific applications
composed of a fuel pump, plastic reservoir, fuel level sensor and related
parts.  These injection-molded plastic units fit inside the fuel tank, ensuring
continuous fuel delivery under low fuel conditions, maximum vehicle driving
range and enhanced fuel delivery under high temperature conditions, all at a
reduced noise level.  Although vehicles were not equipped with fuel modules
until 1988, approximately 28% of cars and light trucks currently sold by
General Motors, Ford and Chrysler in North America use fuel modules.  The
Company supplies approximately 70% of all of the fuel modules purchased in
North America, principally to Ford and Chrysler.

     Approximately 20% of North American vehicles and 65% of European vehicles
produced in 1995 contain plastic fuel tanks.  Plastic fuel tanks offer several
advantages over conventional steel tanks, including lighter weight, greater
corrosion resistance to new, cleaner-burning fuels like methanol and the
ability to be produced in unusual shapes to better use available space.  In
anticipation of customer demand in North America for more sophisticated fuel
tanks, the Company built a new facility in Ossian, Indiana in 1993 to produce
plastic multi-layer fuel tanks.  The Company began production of three-layer
plastic fuel tanks during the fourth quarter of 1994 for the 1995 Ford Windstar
and during the fourth quarter of 1995 for the Ford Escort.  The multi-layer
construction of the Company's new, six-layer plastic tank substantially
eliminates fuel permeation, making this one of the first plastic tanks which
complies with future EPA permeability requirements due to become effective
beginning in model year 1996.  The first production run of six-layer tanks will
begin in 1996 for the 1996 GM T600 Truck.

     Through Dyno, the Company is currently producing single-layer plastic
tanks for Audi, Mercedes-Benz, Nedcar, Peugeot, Renault, Rover, Saab,
Volkswagen and Volvo.  As Dyno's customers require more sophisticated fuel
tanks, the Company will likely supplement a portion of Dyno's single-layer blow
molding machines with multi-layer blow-molding machines to provide the
Company's OEM customers in Europe with advanced, plastic fuel tank process
technology.





                                       5
<PAGE>   7


     The Company also produces metal and plastic fuel rails suitable for a
variety of engine applications.  An extension of the FSDS concept, these
under-hood components, located on the engine, deliver fuel to the individual
fuel injectors used in electronic multi-point fuel injection systems.  The
Company has designed a plastic fuel rail which is superior to metal fuel rails
in cost, weight and handling of more corrosive flexible fuels.  In 1994, Ford
began to install this new rail on the three-liter engine in the Windstar.  In
1996, Chrysler will begin to install this rail on the V-8 engine for its Dodge
Ram and Dakota trucks.  Because of the conversion from metal to plastic fuel 
rails and, therefore, the declining volume of the metal rail business, the 
Company has decided to sell its steel fuel rail business.  The Company intends
to concentrate on plastic fuel rails which use more of one of its core
competencies - plastic injection molding.

     An important advantage of the Company's systems philosophy is that it
assists customers in responding to developments in safety and environmental
standards.  For example, current environmental regulations call for a FSDS that
minimizes or eliminates the escape of fuel vapors during refueling, storage and
operation.  In January 1994, the EPA announced regulations governing ORVR
systems as mandated by the 1990 Clean Air Act.  The regulations require
installation of devices which trap hydrocarbon vapors on a phase-in basis for
passenger cars beginning in model year 1998 and for light trucks in model year
2001.  In anticipation of these regulations, the Company developed a variety of
ORVR devices which help prevent fuel vapor loss from fuel delivery systems.
These devices are expected to enter production during 1997.

AUTOMOTIVE MARKETS AND CUSTOMER BASE

     The Company currently provides a wide variety of products to a diverse
customer base in a number of geographic areas.

     North America.  Net sales to the Company's largest customer, Ford,
accounted for 21% of the Company's consolidated net sales in 1995, 30% in 1994
and 30% in 1993.  Net sales to Chrysler accounted for 19%, 23% and 21% of the
Company's consolidated net sales in 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively.
Including the Dyno Acquisition, on a pro forma basis, net sales to Ford and
Chrysler would have accounted for 17% and 15%, respectively, of the Company's
consolidated net sales in 1995.  Both of these customers have ongoing supply
relationships with the Company which are subject to continued satisfactory
price, quality and delivery.  The Company is the primary outside supplier of
fuel pumps, the core of the FSDS, to Ford and Chrysler.  In the past, the
Company has capitalized on its fuel system components penetration to supply
additional fuel system products, such as fuel modules and fuel rails, to Ford
and Chrysler, and to assume a key role in the development of new fuel system
products, such as ORVR devices.  General Motors currently develops and produces
substantially all of its fuel storage and delivery systems internally but
recently has sourced a significant portion of future plastic fuel tank programs
to outside suppliers.

     Europe.  In 1991, the Company began operations in Europe with the
establishment of its Marwal Systems joint venture in France with Magneti 
Marelli S.p.A. of Italy.  This joint venture has expanded to include ventures in
Brazil and Mexico.  Marwal's net sales were $113.9 million in 1995 to customers
which included Peugeot, Renault, Fiat, Rover, Volvo, Saab and Nissan.
Following the Dyno Acquisition, on a pro forma basis, the Company's
international sales (excluding joint ventures) have increased from
approximately 27% to approximately 54% of the Company's consolidated net sales,
and the Company will become the only integrated FSDS company in Europe.  Dyno
has provided the Company with the immediate opportunity to increase its
participation in the European automotive market.  In addition, the Company
intends to use its relationships in the U.S. to increase Dyno's sales to
American manufacturers in Europe.  Similarly, the Company intends to take
advantage of Dyno's relationships with





                                       6
<PAGE>   8


Mercedes-Benz, Renault, Volkswagen, Peugeot and other European manufacturers to
enhance the Company's marketing efforts with these European manufacturers
around the world.

     South America.  In January 1993, operations began at the Company's Marwal
do Brasil joint venture in Brazil, which targets the South American automotive
market of approximately two million units per year.  In September 1995, the
Company established Walbro Automotive do Brazil to manufacture plastic fuel
tanks for the Brazilian automotive market.

     Asia.  In November 1995, the Company established Mutual Walbro P. Ltd., a
joint venture with Mutual Industries Ltd. in India to manufacture plastic fuel
tanks for the Indian automotive market.  In November 1994, the Company
established Korea Automotive Fuel Systems Ltd., a joint venture with Daewoo
Precision Industries Ltd.  in South Korea, to manufacture and market fuel
sending units (which include a fuel pump, bracket and level sensor) for the
domestic Korean automotive market (estimated at approximately 1.5 million units
per year) and additional export markets established by Korean OEMs.  In
December 1986, the Company entered into a joint venture in Japan known as
Mitsuba-Walbro, Inc. with Mitsuba Electric Manufacturing Company to manufacture
fuel pump components.  

AUTOMOTIVE COMPETITION

     The Company competes with several other manufacturers, including the OEMs
themselves, all of which have greater sales and financial resources than the
Company.  In the fuel pump market, the Company's major competitors include
Robert Bosch GmbH, Nippondenso Co., Ltd., VDO (a division of Mannesmann),
Electronics and Fuel Handling Division of Ford, and Delphi Automotive Systems
(GM's component group).  In the fuel rail market, the Company's major
competitors include Delphi, Ford, Echlin Inc. and Siemens A.G.  The Company has
competition in the fuel module market from Delphi and Ford.  The Company's
largest competitors in the plastic fuel tank market include Kautex Werke
Reinold Hagen A.G., Solvay S.A., Plastic Omnium Industries, Inc.  and Ford.
Steel tanks, manufactured primarily by the OEMs, also compete with the
Company's plastic fuel tanks.

     The Company principally competes for new business both at the beginning of
the development of new models and upon the redesign of existing models.  New
model development generally begins two to three years prior to a product
introduction.  Once a producer has been designated to supply parts for a new
program, an OEM usually will continue to purchase those parts from the
designated producer for the life of the program, although not necessarily for a
redesign.  Competitive factors in the market for fuel storage and delivery
products include product quality and reliability, cost and timely delivery,
technical expertise and development capability and new product innovation.

AUTOMOTIVE SALES AND ENGINEERING SUPPORT

     Sales of the Company's FSDS products to automotive OEMs are made directly
by the Company's sales/engineering force, who not only sell the products but
assist customers with related engineering matters.  Because of the automobile
design process, the Company is able to determine a few years in advance the
models for which it will supply products.  The Company's sales force works 
closely with the Company's engineering departments and systems center in 
Auburn Hills in the research, design, development and improvement of new 
products.  Upon completion of the Company's systems center in Europe, Dyno
and Marwal will also have additional design and research capabilities to
provide OEMs in Europe with full-service product management.  Because the
Company has the capability to provide comprehensive engineering resources with
respect to its product line and assume increasing





                                       7
<PAGE>   9

responsibility for the development of FSDS products, the Company has been
successful in responding to the decisions by OEMs to consolidate suppliers and
reduce internal engineering resources.

AUTOMOTIVE WARRANTY AND OTHER PRODUCT EXPOSURE

     The design and manufacture of fuel systems entails an inherent risk that a
governmental authority or a customer may require the recall of one of the
Company's products or a product in which one of the Company's products has been
installed.  The Company has taken and intends to continue to take all
reasonable precautions to avoid the risk of exposure to an expensive recall
campaign which could have a material adverse effect on the business and
financial condition of the Company.  Dyno through its former parent, Dyno
Industrier A.S, carried recall insurance against losses of up to 50 million
NOK, or approximately $7 million, which insurance covered certain costs
incurred in connection with a recall.  The Company is uncertain whether it will
insure its European operations against recall losses and does not believe that
recall insurance in the United States is cost effective.

                      WALBRO ENGINE MANAGEMENT CORPORATION

SMALL ENGINE INDUSTRY OVERVIEW

     The small engine industry is facing a number of environmentally driven
changes which will require an increased emphasis on fuel systems technology and
the development of new fuel systems products.  Growth opportunities outside of
the U.S. are expected to be driven by growth in the use of two-wheeled vehicles
and the increased use of gasoline-powered portable equipment in developing
countries.

     Emphasis on Engine Management Systems and New Product Development.
Historically, exhaust emissions of gasoline-powered small engines were
unregulated.  In 1992, the California Air Resources Board promulgated
comprehensive air quality regulations limiting small engine emissions, which
regulations became effective in August 1995.  A more stringent phase is
scheduled to become effective in 1999.  In addition, the U.S. Environmental 
Protection Agency ("EPA") has implemented similar regulations scheduled to 
become effective in August 1996, with a more stringent phase expected to be 
phased in beginning 2002.  The products designed to meet these new emission 
standards in the small engine market will require more sophisticated product 
research and new production capabilities.  The increased technological content
and sophistication required to meet emission regulations is expected to result
in lower unit sales with greater value added per product and higher unit prices.

     Growing Demand in Developing Countries.  The Company expects significant
growth in the demand for float feed carburetors in developing countries as per
capita income increases and two-wheeled vehicles become more affordable.
Production of two-wheeled vehicles in The People's Republic of China, for
example, increased from approximately 49,000 units in 1980 to approximately 3.4
million in 1993, 5.2 million in 1994 and 7.8 million in 1995.  In addition,
management believes demand for diaphragm carburetors used in gasoline-powered
portable tools will grow in these developing countries.  The inaccessibility of
electrical power distribution and geographic isolation of many projects, such
as the clearing of land and highway construction, hinder the use of
electric-powered equipment.

SMALL ENGINE BUSINESS STRATEGY

     To respond to the promulgation of increasingly strict emission regulations
in the small engine industry, the Company is working to develop a small engine
management system which will comply with new emission standards.  As the
leading developer of fuel systems technology for portable engines, the Company
is well positioned to draw upon its expertise in carburetor and ignition system
design and development, as well as its experience in responding to
emissions-driven challenges in the automotive sector.  The Company's advanced
product design and development facilities in Michigan and Japan,





                                       8
<PAGE>   10


which are equipped with sophisticated emission measurement instruments, provide
the Company with the facilities necessary to develop more sophisticated small
engine management systems.

     In addition to developing new technologies, the Company intends to grow
its small engine business through expansion into foreign markets.  The
Company's presence in developing countries such as The People's Republic of
China will allow it to benefit from the growing market for carburetors for
two-wheeled vehicles and from infrastructure development which requires
portable power tools.

SMALL ENGINE PRODUCTS

     The Company was founded as a manufacturer of carburetors for small engine
products such as lawn mowers and marine engines, and later expanded its
customer base to include manufacturers of chain saws, weed trimmers, snow
blowers and two-wheeled vehicles.  The Company's carburetor technology has
continually evolved, with the Company now manufacturing diaphragm and float
feed carburetors, ignition systems and other components for small engine
products and aftermarket applications.  The Company's diaphragm carburetor,
float feed carburetor and ignition system sales accounted for 53%, 23% and 6%,
respectively, of the Company's 1995 small engine revenues.  The remaining 18%
of small engine revenue consisted of aftermarket sales.

     The diaphragm carburetor uses a diaphragm and a series of interconnected
passages to draw and regulate the amount of fuel delivered to the engine from
the fuel tank.  The Company manufactures several basic models of diaphragm
carburetors from which are derived numerous variations.  Diaphragm carburetors
are used on chain saw and weed trimmer engines because they will operate in any
position and minimize vapor lock.  The Company believes that it is the world's
largest manufacturer of small engine diaphragm carburetors.

     The float feed carburetor uses a float in a reservoir of fuel to regulate
the amount of fuel delivered to the engine.  In contrast to the diaphragm
carburetor, which operates in all positions, the float feed carburetor operates
only in an upright position.  The Company manufactures several basic models of
float feed carburetors from which are derived numerous variations.  The
Company's float feed carburetors are used on engines for lawn mowers, garden
tractors, two-wheeled vehicles, marine outboard engines, generators and
industrial engines.

     The ignition system uses rotating magnets in a flywheel, which induce an
electrical charge in the ignition module.  The ignition module releases this
charge to the spark plug.  The Company's ignition systems are used
predominantly in chain saw and weed trimmer applications.

     In response to California and proposed EPA air quality regulations, the
Company has begun to integrate its carburetor and ignition technology to
develop an engine management system which will electronically control both fuel
delivery and ignition functions to limit exhaust emissions.  The Company has
successfully refined existing carburetors through the incorporation of
extremely close tolerances which provide more accurate control of the fuel/air
mixture to meet the first set of standards in California in 1995 and scheduled
to take effect nationwide in 1996.  Company engineers are developing new
technology to meet the subsequent requirements which will become effective in
California in 1999 and nationwide during the period 2002 to 2005.  This
development effort focuses on complete engine management systems that control
air flow, fuel delivery and ignition timing to enhance fuel efficiency and
reduce pollution.





                                       9
<PAGE>   11


SMALL ENGINE MARKETS AND CUSTOMER BASE

     The Company sells its small engine products in a global market.
Carburetors and small engine ignitions are sold by the Company's
sales/engineering staff directly to engine manufacturers.  The Company sells a
major portion of its diaphragm carburetors to most of the leading chain saw and
weed trimmer manufacturers, including Poulan/Weedeater (a Division of
Electrolux, A.B.), Homelite (a Division of Deere & Company), Stihl,
Incorporated, McCulloch, Ryobi Ltd.  and Kioritz (Echo) Corporation.  The
Company sells float feed carburetors to several of the leading manufacturers of
small engines, including Briggs & Stratton Corporation, the world's largest
small engine manufacturer.  Mercury Marine (a Division of Brunswick
Corporation), a major outboard engine manufacturer, buys all of its outboard
engine carburetors from the Company.  Ten of the Company's small engine
customers in 1995 collectively accounted for approximately 60% of small engine
product sales and approximately 14% of the Company's net sales, including Dyno
on a pro forma basis.

     One of the Company's opportunities for growth in the small engine industry
is the Chinese market.  In January 1994, the Company acquired a 60% interest,
increased to 70% in 1995, in Fujian Hualong Carburetor Co., Ltd.  (Fujian)
which manufactures and markets carburetors for two-wheeled vehicles in The
People's Republic of China.  In addition, the Company has built a new
manufacturing facility near Beijing to provide additional capacity to take
advantage of growth in the two-wheeled vehicle market.

SMALL ENGINE COMPETITION

     The Company has several competitors that manufacture diaphragm carburetors
for the global small engine market, including Zama Industries, Ltd., Tillotson
Commercial Motors Ltd.  and Dell' Orto, some of which are divisions of large
diversified organizations which have total sales and financial resources
exceeding those of the Company.  In the market for float feed carburetors, the
Company has several competitors, including Briggs & Stratton and Tecumseh, both
of which have greater sales and financial resources than the Company.  The
Company's major competitor in the ignition systems market is R.E. Phelon
Company Inc.

AFTERMARKET PRODUCTS

     The Company's aftermarket sales of both automotive and small engine
products are consolidated within the small engine business.  The Company sells
automotive aftermarket products for both carbureted vehicle applications and
electronic fuel injection vehicle applications through independent
distributors, such as Federal Mogul and Standard Motor Products, and jobbers
and dealers worldwide.  Some automotive products are also sold to national
manufacturing and distribution organizations for sale under private brand names
or to industrial customers for use in special applications.  Aftermarket sales
accounted for $25.2 million in 1995 compared to $11.3 million in 1990.

     The Company sells automotive aftermarket products to support its OEM
customers and to benefit from higher margins on aftermarket sales.  Management
believes that the overall market size for automotive electronic fuel injection
systems components sold to the aftermarket will continue to grow as the
population of vehicles equipped with electronic fuel injection systems ages.

     The Company sells its own brand name small engine aftermarket products
through independent distributors, jobbers and dealers worldwide.  Some of these
products are also sold to national manufacturing and distribution organizations
for sale under private brand names or to industrial customers for use in
special applications.





                                       10
<PAGE>   12

                          MANUFACTURING AND FACILITIES

     The Company (including Dyno and the Company's joint ventures) conducts
operations in approximately 1.75 million square feet of space in a total of 31
locations.  The Company believes that substantially all of its property and
equipment is in good condition.  The Company has not experienced significant
limitations on its ability to transfer products between, or sell products in,
various countries.

     Each of the Company's manufacturing facilities practices advanced
inventory control procedures and has installed statistical process controls to
insure high levels of quality.  In that regard, some of the Company's factories
have received the Ford Q1 Award and the Chrysler QE Award.  In connection with
its sales to Saab, which is partially owned by General Motors, Dyno's Norway
facility has been named a General Motors Supplier of the Year four years in a
row beginning in 1991.  Various other Company factories have been recognized by
Mercury Marine, Stihl and Federal Mogul for excellence in product quality and
delivery.

     When justified by volume, the Company has invested in labor-saving
automated machining, assembly and testing equipment.  For example, the
operation in Meriden, Connecticut employs computer controlled molding machines
to form the Company's plastic in-tank reservoirs.  These machines are
individually programmable so that variations can be reduced and refined as part
of the continuous control process.  Another example is the Caro, Michigan
manufacturing facility's automated fuel pump assembly line, which is capable of
producing 1,000 pumps per hour using only six persons.  Over the past several
years, the Company has reduced the cost to manufacture its fuel pumps at this
facility by reducing both labor and material costs.  In Ettlingen, Germany,
the Company uses a fully automated assembly line for production of plastic fuel 
tanks for the Mercedes-Benz 190/C Class.  In addition to these examples of 
purchased automation, the Company designs and builds major portions of its own
machining and assembly equipment.  This in-house capability permits close 
control over the manufacturing process and helps the Company stay competitive 
in both cost and quality.

                   PATENTS, RESEARCH AND PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT

     The Company owns approximately 150 U.S. patents and 600 international
patents in the fuel systems field and has a number of applications pending.
These patents include proprietary ownership of designs for control devices for
engines and engine systems, fuel pumps, fuel rails, fuel regulators, fuel level
sensors, fuel reservoirs and fuel system vapor control devices, carburetors and
throttle bodies, as well as ancillary devices for engine and vehicle
applications.

     Although these patents are significant to the Company, management believes
that in many cases the adaptation and use of the technology involved and the
proprietary process technology employed to manufacture these products are more
important.  The Company maintains a systems center in Michigan for the
research, design and development of new products.  The Company's engineering
departments also engage in design, development and testing.  In 1995, 1994 and
1993, the Company (excluding Dyno) spent approximately $14.0 million, $12.2
million and $9.5 million, respectively, for engineering and research and
product development.  After giving effect to the Dyno Acquisition the Company 
has spent approximately $16.7 million in 1995 for engineering and research and
product development.

                      COMPONENTS, MATERIALS AND INVENTORY

     The Company has a number of sources for the components used in
manufacturing its products.  The suppliers who manufacture components often
utilize tools and dies owned by the Company.  If a supplier were to discontinue
supplying any component, it could take the Company some time to replace the
supplier; however, the Company believes its operations would not be materially
adversely affected.





                                       11
<PAGE>   13

     The Company's principal customers provide it with estimates of their
annual needs and make monthly purchase commitments.  As a result, the Company
does not experience material backlog.  Consequently, the Company manages its
manufacturing facilities on a just-in-time supply basis and does not maintain a
finished product inventory of any significance.  The Company does not believe
the Dyno Acquisition has had a material effect on the Company's materials
sourcing or inventory management.

                                   EMPLOYEES

     As of February 29, 1996, the Company had approximately 4,400 employees.
The Company believes that its relations with its employees are satisfactory.
All of the Company's approximately 900 European plant employees are unionized.  
All of the Company's United States plant employees are non-unionized except 
approximately 450 employees at its Michigan locations.  The Company's 
three-year contract with the bargaining unit for these Michigan plants expires
in November 1998.

                                   REGULATION

     The Company's operations are subject to increasingly stringent
environmental laws and regulations governing air emissions, waste water
discharges, the generation, treatment, storage, disposal and remediation of
hazardous substances and wastes, and employee health and safety.  Certain of
these laws can impose joint and several liability for releases or threatened
releases of material upon certain statutorily defined parties, including the
Company, regardless of fault or the lawfulness of the original activity or
disposal.

     The Company believes it is currently in material compliance with
applicable environmental laws and regulations.  The Company's compliance with
environmental laws and regulations has not materially affected the results of
its operations or the conduct of its business; however, the Company cannot
predict the future effects of such laws and regulations.

                     ACQUISITION AND JOINT VENTURE STRATEGY

     As part of a long-term strategy for growth and expansion into new
geographic and product markets, the Company may undertake select acquisitions
and strategic alliances in the form of joint ventures.  The Company may make
select acquisitions of fuel system product manufacturers such as Dyno whose
products can be integrated with the Company's traditional products as part of
the Company's system development focus.  These acquisitions would contribute
new product technology and open new markets to the Company.  In evaluating
these acquisitions, the Company seeks high quality operations which fit with
the Company's expertise in markets where the company has an established
customer base and a clear vision of opportunities, thus decreasing transition
costs and other financial risks associated with corporate acquisitions.
Similarly, each of the Company's joint ventures provides the Company with the
opportunity to benefit from established customer relationships or a unique
technological advancement which the Company could not develop on its own
without the risk and expense of establishing marketing and manufacturing
organizations alone.  In management's opinion, the Company's joint ventures
ultimately reduce the cost of penetrating new markets and limit the Company's
financial exposure with respect to these operations.  At the present time the
Company has no specific agreements with respect to any such acquisitions or
joint ventures.





                                       12
<PAGE>   14

ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES

     The Company believes that substantially all of its property and equipment
is in good condition. In total, the Company owns approximately 915,000 square
feet of space and leases an additional approximately 614,000 square feet of
space in a total of 27 locations.

     In addition, through various joint ventures described above, the Company
has access to manufacturing facilities of approximately 100,000 square feet in
Chalons, France (Marwal Systems), 30,000 square feet in Kiryu City, Japan
(Mitsuba-Walbro), 40,000 square feet in Sao Paulo, Brazil (Marwal do Brasil),
and 50,000 square feet in Jochi-Won, South Korea (Korea Automotive Fuel Systems
Ltd.).


ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

     The Company is not a party to any litigation, and is not aware of any
pending or threatened litigation, that would have a material adverse effect on
the Company or its business.


ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

     No matters were submitted to a vote of security holders during the fourth
quarter of 1995.





                                       13
<PAGE>   15


                                    PART II

ITEM 5.   MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

     Incorporated by reference to "Common Stock Price and Dividend Information"
on page 12 of the Company's Annual Report to Stockholders for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 1995 (the "1995 Annual Report").


ITEM 6.   SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA

     Incorporated by reference to "Selected Financial Data" on page 12 of the
1995 Annual Report.


ITEM 7.   MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
          RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

     Incorporated by reference to "Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations" on pages 13 through 18 of the
1995 Annual Report.


ITEM 8.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

     Incorporated by reference herein from the following sections of the 1995
Annual Report.  The consolidated statements of income, cash flows and
stockholders' equity are for each of the years ended December 31, 1995, 1994
and 1993 and the consolidated balance sheets are as of December 31, 1995, 1994
and 1993:

     Report of Independent Public Accountants, page 19.

     Consolidated Balance Sheets, page 20.

     Consolidated Statements of Income, page 21.

     Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity, page 22.

     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, page 23.

     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, pages 24 through 39.


ITEM 9.   CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
          FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

     None.





                                       14
<PAGE>   16


                                    PART III

ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

     Incorporated by reference to "Election of Directors" on pages 2 through 6,
"Identification of Other Executive Officers" on page 9 and "Compliance with
Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act" on page 10 of the Company's Notice of Annual
Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of
Stockholders to be held on April 17, 1996 (the "1996 Proxy Statement").


ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

     Incorporated by reference to "Executive Compensation" on pages 11 through
15 and "Compensation of the Board of Directors" on pages 5 and 6 of the 1996
Proxy Statement.


ITEM 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

     Incorporated by reference to "Security Ownership of Management" on page 8
of the 1996 Proxy Statement.


ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

     Incorporated by reference to "Indebtedness of Management" on page 10 of
the 1996 Proxy Statement.





                                       15
<PAGE>   17

                                    PART IV

ITEM 14.  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

     (a)  The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K:

          1.   The following consolidated financial statements of the Company
          and its subsidiaries, together with the applicable report of
          independent public accountants, included in the 1995 Annual Report,
          are incorporated by reference in Item 8:

               Report of Independent Public Accountants.

               Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993.

               Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December
               31, 1995, 1994 and 1993.

               Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the years
               ended December 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993.

               Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended
               December 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993.

               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

          2.   The following consolidated financial information of the Company
          and its subsidiaries for the three years ended December 31, 1995 is
          filed as part of this Form 10-K on pages 22 to 34.

               Report of Independent Public Accountants.

               Supplemental Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                  (1) Valuation and Qualifying Accounts.

                  (2) Supplemental Guarantor Condensed Consolidating
                      Financial Statements.

               The information required to be submitted in Schedule II is
               included in the Supplemental Notes to Consolidated Financial
               Statements.

          3.   The following exhibits are filed with this report or
          incorporated by reference as set forth below.

          Exhibit No.

          3.1  Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, filed as
               Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's 1989 Annual Report on Form 10-K,
               incorporated herein by reference.

          3.2  By-laws of the Company, as amended, filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the
               Company's 1989 Annual Report on Form 10-K, incorporated herein
               by reference.





                                      16
<PAGE>   18


          3.3  Amendment to Section 2.9 of the By-laws of the Company, filed as
               Exhibit 3.3 to the Company's 1994 Annual Report on Form 10-K,
               incorporated herein by reference.

          4.1  Shareholder Rights Plan, dated December 8, 1988, filed as the
               Exhibit to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 8-A for
               Shareholder Stock Purchase Rights filed December 12, 1988,
               incorporated herein by reference.

          4.2  First Amendment to Rights Agreement, dated February 6, 1991,
               filed as Exhibit 4.8 to the Company's 1990 Annual Report on Form
               10-K, incorporated herein by reference.

          4.3  Loan Agreement between City of Ligonier, Indiana and Sharon
               Manufacturing Company, dated as of June 1, 1992, filed as
               Exhibit 4.12 to the Company's 1992 Annual Report on Form 10-K,
               incorporated herein by reference.

          4.4  Loan Agreement between Walbro Automotive Corporation and the
               Town of Ossian, Indiana, dated as of December 1, 1993, filed as
               Exhibit 4.13 to the Company's 1993 Annual Report on Form 10-K,
               incorporated herein by reference.

          4.5  Note Agreement among the Company and the purchasers named
               therein, dated as of October 1, 1994, relating to the 7.68%
               Senior Notes of the Company, filed as Exhibit 4.9 to the
               Company's 1994 Annual Report on Form 10-K, incorporated herein
               by reference.

          4.6  Indenture for the Notes, dated as of July 27, 1995, among the
               Company, Walbro Engine Management Corporation, Sharon
               Manufacturing Company, Whitehead Engineered Products, Inc., and
               Bankers Trust Company, as Trustee (including form of Exchange
               Note), filed as Exhibit 2.3 to the Company's Current Report on
               Form 8-K, dated July 27, 1995 (the "Form 8-K"), incorporated
               herein by reference.

          4.7  Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of September 22,
               1995, among the Company, certain of its subsidiaries, Comerica
               Bank, as agent, and Harris Bank, as co-agent, filed as Exhibit
               4.2 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-4, filed
               September 27, 1995, incorporated herein by reference.

          4.8  First Amendment, dated March 8, 1996, to the Amended and
               Restated Credit Agreement among the Company, certain of its
               subsidiaries, Comerica Bank, as agent, and Harris Bank, as
               co-agent.

          4.9  First Amendment, dated as of July 26, 1995, to the Note
               Agreement among the Company and the purchasers named therein,
               relating to the 7.68% Senior Notes of the Company.

         10.1  The Company's 1983 Incentive Stock Option Plan, filed as the
               Exhibit to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8,
               filed November 15, 1989, incorporated herein by reference.**

         10.2  Joint Venture Agreement between the Company and Mitsuba Electric
               Manufacturing Company, Ltd., dated December 12, 1986, filed as
               Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's 1986 Annual Report on Form 10-K,
               incorporated herein by reference.

         10.3  The Company's Equity Based Long-Term Incentive Plan, filed as
               Exhibit 4.5 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8,
               filed June 15, 1992, incorporated herein by reference.**



                                      17
<PAGE>   19


         10.4  Executive Disability Plan adopted July 8, 1988, filed as Exhibit
               10.10 to the Company's 1988 Annual Report on Form 10-K,
               incorporated herein by reference.**

         10.5  Retirement Income Plan for Directors, dated February 9, 1988,
               filed as Exhibit 10.11 to the Company's 1988 Annual Report on
               Form 10-K, incorporated herein by reference.**

         10.6  Equipment Leasing Agreement between the Company and NEMLC
               Leasing Associates No. 3, without supplements, dated July 1,
               1988, filed as Exhibit 10.13 to the Company's 1988 Annual Report
               on Form 10-K, incorporated herein by reference.

         10.7  The Company's Employee Stock Ownership Plan, dated August 15,
               1989, filed as Exhibit 10.14 to the Company's 1989 Annual Report
               on Form 10-K, incorporated herein by reference.

         10.8  Walbro Engine Management Incentive Compensation Plan, filed as
               Exhibit 10.21 to the Company's 1990 Annual Report on Form 10-K,
               incorporated herein by reference.**

         10.9  Joint Venture Agreement, dated June 17, 1991, between the
               Company and Jaeger S.A, an indirect, majority-controlled
               subsidiary of Magneti Marelli S.p.A., relating to the Marwal
               Systems S.A. joint venture, filed as Exhibit 10.23 to the
               Company's Registration Statement on Form S-2, File No. 33-
               41425, incorporated herein by reference.

         10.10 Joint Venture Agreement between the Company and Jaeger S.A.,
               dated as of January 1, 1993, relating to the Marwal do Brasil
               joint venture, filed as Exhibit 10.10 to the Company's 1992
               Annual Report on Form 10-K, incorporated herein by reference.

         10.11 Agreement among AB Svenska Elektromagneter, Opcon AB, Cartona
               Fastighetsforvaltning K.B., Erling Edmundson, Four Seasons
               Venture Capital AB, SEM-Walbro Corporation and the Company,
               effective as of January 2, 1991, filed as Exhibit 10.20 to the
               Company's 1991 Annual Report on Form 10-K, incorporated herein
               by reference.

         10.12 The Company's Advantage Plan, filed as the Exhibit to the
               Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8, filed October 28,
               1991, incorporated herein by reference.**

         10.13 Aircraft Lease Agreement between the Company and C.I.T. Leasing
               Corporation, dated as of October 27, 1992, filed as Exhibit
               10.13 to the Company's 1992 Annual Report on Form 10-K,
               incorporated herein by reference.

         10.14 Joint Venture Contract among Walbro Engine Management
               Corporation, Fujian Fuding Carburetor Factory and Twin Winner
               Trading Co., Ltd., dated December 30, 1993, relating to the
               Fujian Hualong Carburetor Co. Ltd. joint venture, filed as
               Exhibit 10.14 to the Company's 1994 Annual Report on Form 10-K,
               incorporated herein by reference.



                                      18
<PAGE>   20



         10.15 Severance Compensation and Consulting Agreement between the
               Company and R. H. Whitehead III, dated as of February 26, 1990,
               filed as Exhibit 10.15 to the Company's 1994 Annual Report on
               Form 10-K, incorporated herein by reference.**

         10.16 Employment Agreement between the Company and L. E.  Althaver,
               dated August 6, 1993, filed as Exhibit 10.16 to the Company's
               1994 Annual Report on Form 10-K, incorporated herein by
               reference.**

         10.17 Severance Compensation and Consulting Agreement between the
               Company and L. E. Althaver, dated as of February 26, 1990, filed
               as Exhibit 10.17 to the Company's 1994 Annual Report on Form
               10-K, incorporated herein by reference.**

         10.18 Employment Agreement between the Company and Robert H. Walpole,
               dated October 1, 1993, filed as Exhibit 10.18 to the Company's
               1994 Annual Report on Form 10-K, incorporated herein by
               reference.**

         10.19 Severance Compensation and Consulting Agreement between the
               Company and Robert H. Walpole, dated as of February 26, 1990,
               filed as Exhibit 10.19 to the Company's 1994 Annual Report on
               Form 10-K, incorporated herein by reference.**

         10.20 Employment Agreement between the Company and Gary L. Vollmar,
               dated August 6, 1993, filed as Exhibit 10.20 to the Company's
               1994 Annual Report on Form 10-K, incorporated herein by
               reference.**

         10.21 Severance Compensation and Consulting Agreement between the
               Company and Gary L. Vollmar, dated as of February 26, 1990,
               filed as Exhibit 10.21 to the Company's 1994 Annual Report on
               Form 10-K, incorporated herein by reference.**

         10.22 Employment Agreement between the Company and Daniel L. Hittler,
               dated August 6, 1993, filed as Exhibit 10.22 to the Company's
               1994 Annual Report on Form 10-K, incorporated herein by
               reference.**

         10.23 Severance Compensation and Consulting Agreement between the
               Company and Daniel L. Hittler, dated as of February 26, 1990,
               filed as Exhibit 10.23 to the Company's 1994 Annual Report on
               Form 10-K, incorporated herein by reference.**

         10.24 Agreement among the Company, Walbro Automotive Corporation and
               Magneti Marelli France S.A., dated February 7, 1995, filed as
               Exhibit 10.24 to the Company's 1994 Annual Report on Form 10-K,
               incorporated herein by reference.**

         10.25 Joint Venture Agreement between the Company and Daewoo Precision
               Industries, Ltd., dated November 30, 1994, filed as Exhibit
               10.25 to the Company's 1994 Annual Report on Form 10-K,
               incorporated herein by reference.**



                                      19
<PAGE>   21


         10.26 Employment Agreement between the Company and Michael A. Shope,
               dated December 20, 1993.**

         10.27 Severance Compensation and Consulting Agreement between the
               Company and Michael A. Shope, dated as of December 20, 1993.**

         10.28 Purchase and Sale Agreement dated as of April 7, 1995 by and
               between the Company and Dyno, filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the
               Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, for the quarter ended
               March 31, 1995, incorporated herein by reference.

         10.29 Addendum to Purchase and Sale Agreement by and between the
               Company and Dyno dated as of July 27, 1995, filed as Exhibit 2.2
               to the Form 8-K, incorporated herein by reference.

         10.30 Joint Venture Agreement between Walbro Automotive Corporation
               and Mutual Industries Ltd., dated November 28, 1995, relating
               to the Mutual Walbro P. Ltd. joint venture.

         10.31 General Partnership Agreement dated August 18, 1995 between
               Iwaki Diecast U.S.A., Inc. and Walbro Tucson Corp.
         
         13.1  1995 Annual Report to Stockholders.  With the exception of the
               information incorporated by reference into Items 5, 6, 7, 8 and
               14(a)(1) of this Form 10-K, the 1995 Annual Report to
               Stockholders is not deemed filed as part of this report.

         21.1  Subsidiaries of the Company.

         23.1  Consent of Arthur Andersen LLP, independent public accountants.

         27.1  Financial Data Schedule.

- --------------
**   Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be
     filed as an exhibit to this Form 10-K.


     (b)  Reports on Form 8-K:

          The Company did not file any reports on Form 8-K during the last
     quarter of the period covered by this Form 10-K.



                                      20
<PAGE>   22


                                   SIGNATURES

     Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on the 21st day of
March, 1996.

                              WALBRO CORPORATION


                              By:            /s/ MICHAEL A. SHOPE 
                                   ---------------------------------------
                                   Michael A. Shope, Chief Financial Officer


     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on
the dates indicated.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
      SIGNATURE                                TITLE                           DATE           
      ---------                                -----                           ----           
<S>                                    <C>                                 <C>              
    /s/ LAMBERT E. ALTHAVER            Chairman of the Board,              March 21, 1996       
- -------------------------------        President and                                                               
        Lambert E. Althaver            Chief Executive Officer                              
                                       (Principal Executive Officer)                         
                                                                                            
     /s/ MICHAEL A. SHOPE              Chief Financial Officer             March 21, 1996           
- -------------------------------        (Principal Financial                                
         Michael A. Shope              and Accounting Officer)                           

                                                                                            
   /s/ WILLIAM T. BACON, JR.           Director                            March 21, 1996           
- -------------------------------                                                                                            
       William T. Bacon, Jr.                                                                       

                                                                                            
    /s/ FRANK E. BAUCHIERO             Director                            March 21, 1996           
- -------------------------------                                                                                            
        Frank E. Bauchiero                                                                        

                                                                                            
   /s/ HERBERT M. KENNEDY              Director                            March 21, 1996           
- -------------------------------                                                                                             
       Herbert M. Kennedy                                                                        
                                                                                            

   /s/ VERNON E. OECHSLE               Director                            March 21, 1996           
- -------------------------------                                                                                            
       Vernon E. Oechsle                                                                         
                                                                                            
                                                                                  
   /s/ ROBERT D. TUTTLE                Director                            March 21, 1996           
- -------------------------------                                                                                            
       Robert D. Tuttle                                                                         
                                                                                            
                                                                                   
    /s/ JOHN E. UTLEY                  Director                            March 21, 1996           
- -------------------------------                                                                                            
        John E. Utley                                                                           
                                                                               
   /s/ ROBERT H. WALPOLE               Director                            March 21, 1996
- -------------------------------                                                                                            
       Robert H. Walpole
</TABLE>



                                      21
<PAGE>   23
                    REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS



To the Board of Directors and
    Stockholders of Walbro Corporation:


We have audited in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards, the
consolidated financial statements included in Walbro Corporation and
Subsidiaries' annual report to shareholders incorporated by reference in this
Form 10-K, and  have issued our report thereon dated February 13, 1996.  Our
audits were made for the purpose of forming an opinion on those statements
taken as a whole. The supplemental notes to the consolidated financial 
statements on pages 23 to 34 are the responsibility of the Company's management
and are presented for purposes of complying with the Securities and Exchange    
Commission's rules and are not a required part of the basic consolidated
financial statements.  The information contained in these supplemental notes
has been subjected to the auditing procedures applied in the audits of the
basic consolidated financial statements and, in our opinion, fairly states in
all material respects the financial data required to be set forth therein in
relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole.


                             Arthur Andersen LLP


Detroit, Michigan,
February 13, 1996




                                      22
<PAGE>   24

                     WALBRO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
            SUPPLEMENTAL NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



(1)      VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS

         Following is a summary of changes in the valuation and qualifying
accounts for the three years ended December 31,:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              1995                 1994                    1993
                                                            --------             --------                --------

<S>                                                       <C>                    <C>                    <C>
RESERVE FOR LOSS ON DISCONTINUANCE AND PLANT CLOSINGS:
        Balance Beginning of Year                           $     --             $     --                $    258
            Additions charged to operations                       --                   --                      --
            Deductions (A)                                        --                   --                    (258)
                                                            --------             --------                --------
        Balance End of Year                                 $     --             $     --                $     --
                                                            ========             ========                ========

ALLOWANCE FOR DOUBTFUL ACCOUNTS:
        Balance Beginning of Year                           $    368             $    413                $    340
            Additions charged to operations                      352                  115                      86
            Additions due to acquisition                         309                   --                      --
            Deductions for uncollectible accounts
            written off, net of recoveries                       (51)                (160)                    (13)
                                                            --------             --------                --------
        Balance End of Year                                 $    978             $    368                $    413
                                                            ========             ========                ========

RESERVE FOR INVENTORY VALUATION:
        Balance Beginning of Year                           $    238             $    482                $    669
            Additions charged to operations                      194                  159                       2
            Additions due to acquisition                         376                   --                      --
            Deductions for inventory disposal                     --                 (403)                   (189)
                                                            --------             --------                --------
        Balance End of Year                                 $    808             $    238                $    482
                                                            ========             ========                ========

ALLOWANCE FOR NOTES RECEIVABLE:
        Balance Beginning of Year                           $    454             $    214                $    214
            Additions charged to operations                       --                  240                      --
            Deductions                                          (454)                  --                      --
                                                            --------             --------                --------
        Balance End of Year                                 $     --             $    454                $    214
                                                            ========             ========                ========

VALUATION ALLOWANCE FOR DEFERRED TAX ASSETS:
        Balance Beginning of Year                           $    744             $    355                $     --
            Additions charged to operations                       --                  389                     355
            Deductions                                            --                   --                      --
                                                            --------             --------                --------
        Balance End of Year                                 $    744             $    744                $    355
                                                            ========             ========                ========
</TABLE>

- -------------------------------------------
(A) Represents costs of discontinuance incurred subsequent to decision date.




                                      23

<PAGE>   25
 
                      WALBRO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
    SUPPLEMENTAL NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)
 
(2) SUPPLEMENTAL GUARANTOR CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          DECEMBER 31, 1995
                                             ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                              WALBRO
                                                                           CORPORATION     CONSOLIDATION
                                              GUARANTOR     NONGUARANTOR     (PARENT      AND ELIMINATION   CONSOLIDATED
                                             SUBSIDIARIES   SUBSIDIARIES   CORPORATION)       ENTRIES          TOTAL
                                             ------------   ------------   ------------   ---------------   ------------
                                                                  (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE DATA)
<S>                                          <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>               <C>
ASSETS
CURRENT ASSETS:
  Cash.....................................   $        75    $   19,219     $       498    $           --    $   19,792 
  Accounts receivable, net.................        20,598        51,455          49,116            (7,823)      113,346
  Inventories..............................        24,416        25,342             965                --        50,723
  Prepaid expenses and other...............         8,519         2,264             678              (495)       10,966
  Deferred and refundable income taxes.....           349           464           4,064                --         4,877
                                              -------------------------------------------------------------------------  
    Total current assets...................        53,957        98,744          55,321            (8,318)      199,704
                                              -------------------------------------------------------------------------  
PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET...................        85,437       111,190           9,030               108       205,765
                                              -------------------------------------------------------------------------  
OTHER ASSETS:                                  
  Funds held for construction..............         1,102            --              --                --         1,102
  Joint ventures...........................        10,181        13,285              --                --        23,466
  Investments..............................       144,588           295         101,386          (237,045)        9,224
  Goodwill, net............................        15,254        18,045              --                --        33,299 
  Notes receivable.........................            --            --         189,134          (188,674)          460
  Deferred income taxes....................            --         2,805              --                --         2,805
  Other....................................         8,352         1,987           7,309                --        17,648
                                              -------------------------------------------------------------------------  
    Total other assets.....................       179,477        36,417         297,829          (425,719)       88,004
                                              -------------------------------------------------------------------------  
Total assets...............................   $   318,871    $  246,351     $   362,180    $     (433,929)   $  493,473   
                                              =========================================================================  
                                                
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY           
CURRENT LIABILITIES:                           
  Current portion of long-term debt........   $       555    $      123     $       408    $           --    $    1,086
  Bank and other borrowings................            --        14,921              --                --        14,921
  Accounts payable.........................        27,113        36,988           2,057           (13,384)       52,774
  Accrued liabilities......................        13,278        15,360           6,029              (315)       34,352
  Dividends payable........................            --            --             858                --           858
                                              -------------------------------------------------------------------------  
    Total current liabilities..............        40,946        67,392           9,352           (13,699)      103,991
                                              -------------------------------------------------------------------------  
                                                
LONG-TERM LIABILITIES:                         
  Long-term debt, less current portion.....       204,435        45,387         205,448          (221,881)      233,389
  Pension obligations and other............           618         4,455          10,029                --        15,102
  Deferred income taxes....................            --         2,003           1,924                --         3,927
  Minority interest........................            --         1,637              --                --         1,637
                                              -------------------------------------------------------------------------  
    Total long-term liabilities............       205,053        53,482         217,401          (221,881)      254,055
                                              -------------------------------------------------------------------------  
                                                
STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY:                          
  Common stock, $.50 par value;                
    authorized 25,000,000; outstanding         
    8,579,976 in 1995......................            --        19,392           4,290           (19,392)        4,290
  Paid-in capital..........................            --        78,633          64,381           (78,633)       64,381 
  Retained earnings........................        72,301        23,993          66,256           (96,294)       66,256
  Deferred compensation....................            --            --            (817)               --          (817)
  Minimum pension liability adjustment.....            --            --             (63)               --           (63)
  Unrealized gain on securities                                                     
    available for sale.....................            --            --             827                --           827
  Cumulative translation adjustments.......           571         3,459             553            (4,030)          553
                                              -------------------------------------------------------------------------  
    Total stockholders' equity.............        72,872       125,477         135,427          (198,349)      135,427 
                                              -------------------------------------------------------------------------  
Total liabilities and stockholders'        
      equity...............................   $   318,871    $  246,351     $   362,180    $     (433,929)   $  493,473  
                                              =========================================================================  
</TABLE>
 

                                      24
<PAGE>   26
 
                     WALBRO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
    SUPPLEMENTAL NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)
 
(2) SUPPLEMENTAL GUARANTOR CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(CONTINUED)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          DECEMBER 31, 1994
                                             ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                              WALBRO
                                                                           CORPORATION     CONSOLIDATION
                                              GUARANTOR     NONGUARANTOR     (PARENT      AND ELIMINATION   CONSOLIDATED
                                             SUBSIDIARIES   SUBSIDIARIES   CORPORATION)       ENTRIES          TOTAL
                                             ------------   ------------   ------------   ---------------   ------------
                                                                  (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE DATA)
<S>                                          <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>               <C>
ASSETS
CURRENT ASSETS:
  Cash.....................................    $     75       $  2,525       $  1,940        $      --        $  4,540
  Accounts receivable, net.................      40,316         20,311         18,495          (12,789)         66,333
  Inventories..............................      24,732          6,120            587               --          31,439
  Prepaid expenses and other...............       3,728            733            701           (1,161)          4,001
  Deferred and refundable income taxes.....       5,656         (1,169)          (824)              --           3,663
                                               --------       --------       --------        ---------        --------  
    Total current assets...................      74,507         28,520         20,899          (13,950)        109,976
                                               --------       --------       --------        ---------        --------  
PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET...................      64,044         14,292          9,848              108          88,292
                                               --------       --------       --------        ---------        --------  
OTHER ASSETS:
  Funds held for construction..............       1,061             --             --               --           1,061
  Joint ventures...........................       6,598          9,920             --               --          16,518
  Investments..............................       4,395            239         89,092          (82,929)         10,797
  Goodwill, net............................      15,710          1,195             --               --          16,905
  Notes receivable.........................          --             --         55,916          (51,550)          4,366
  Deferred income taxes....................          --            871             --               --             871
  Other....................................       2,399            721          5,460               --           8,580
                                               --------       --------       --------        ---------        --------  
    Total other assets.....................      30,163         12,946        150,468         (134,479)         59,098
                                               --------       --------       --------        ---------        --------  
  Total assets.............................    $168,714       $ 55,758       $181,215        $(148,321)       $257,366
                                               ========       ========       ========        =========        ========  
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
CURRENT LIABILITIES:
  Current portion of long-term debt........    $    515       $  7,519       $    408        $      --        $  8,442
  Bank and other borrowings................          --          6,970             --               --           6,970
  Accounts payable.........................      28,322          6,868            472          (12,410)         23,252
  Accrued liabilities......................      10,218          4,152           (775)          (1,518)         12,077
  Dividends payable........................          --             --            857               --             857
                                               --------       --------       --------        ---------        --------  
    Total current liabilities..............      39,055         25,509            962          (13,928)         51,598
                                               --------       --------       --------        ---------        --------  
LONG-TERM LIABILITIES:
  Long-term debt, less current portion.....      71,112            348         46,226          (51,550)         66,136
  Pension obligations and other............         648            949          6,556               --           8,153
  Deferred income taxes....................       2,120            763           (444)              --           2,439
  Minority interest........................          --          1,125             --               --           1,125
                                               --------       --------       --------        ---------        --------  
    Total long-term liabilities............      73,880          3,185         52,338          (51,550)         77,853
                                               --------       --------       --------        ---------        --------  
STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY:
  Common stock, $.50 par value;
    authorized 15,000,000; outstanding
    8,564,576 in 1994......................          --          1,999          4,282           (1,999)          4,282
  Paid-in capital..........................          --          3,632         64,221           (3,632)         64,221
  Retained earnings........................      55,416         18,934         55,855          (74,350)         55,855
  Deferred compensation....................          --             --         (1,225)              --          (1,225)
  Unrealized gain on securities available
    for sale...............................          --             --          1,428               --           1,428
  Cumulative translation adjustments.......         363          2,499          3,354           (2,862)          3,354
                                               --------       --------       --------        ---------        --------  
    Total stockholders' equity.............      55,779         27,064        127,915          (82,843)        127,915
                                               --------       --------       --------        ---------        --------  
    Total liabilities and stockholders'
      equity...............................    $168,714       $ 55,758       $181,215        $(148,321)       $257,366
                                               ========       ========       ========        =========        ========  
</TABLE>
 
                                       25
<PAGE>   27
 
                     WALBRO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
    SUPPLEMENTAL NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)
 
(2) SUPPLEMENTAL GUARANTOR CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(CONTINUED)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          DECEMBER 31, 1993
                                             ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                              WALBRO
                                                                           CORPORATION     CONSOLIDATION
                                              GUARANTOR     NONGUARANTOR     (PARENT      AND ELIMINATION   CONSOLIDATED
                                             SUBSIDIARIES   SUBSIDIARIES   CORPORATION)       ENTRIES          TOTAL
                                             ------------   ------------   ------------   ---------------   ------------
                                                                  (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE DATA)
<S>                                          <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>               <C>
ASSETS
CURRENT ASSETS:
  Cash.....................................    $    431       $  1,732       $  2,442        $      --        $  4,605
  Accounts receivable, net.................      44,729         13,826         (3,208)         (10,671)         44,676
  Inventories..............................      21,887          4,621            390               --          26,898
  Prepaid expenses and other...............       2,910            985          4,991           (1,620)          7,266
  Deferred and refundable income taxes.....         983            188          3,700               --           4,871
                                               --------       --------       --------        ---------        --------  
    Total current assets...................      70,940         21,352          8,315          (12,291)         88,316
                                               --------       --------       --------        ---------        --------  
PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET                         54,415         11,971          7,682              108          74,176
                                               --------       --------       --------        ---------        --------  
OTHER ASSETS:
  Funds held for construction..............       2,710             --             --               --           2,710
  Joint ventures...........................       2,793          8,485             --               --          11,278
  Investments..............................       2,479             --         62,086          (56,508)          8,057
  Goodwill, net............................      16,166            771             --               --          16,937
  Notes receivable.........................          --             --         63,666          (60,050)          3,616
  Deferred income taxes....................          --             41             --               --              41
  Other....................................       2,615          1,432          6,117               --          10,164
                                               --------       --------       --------        ---------        --------  
    Total other assets.....................      26,763         10,729        131,869         (116,558)         52,803
                                               --------       --------       --------        ---------        --------  
Total assets...............................    $152,118       $ 44,052       $147,866        $(128,741)       $215,295
                                               ========       ========       ========        =========        ======== 
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
CURRENT LIABILITIES:
  Current portion of long-term debt........    $     --       $     --       $    408        $      --        $    408
  Bank and other borrowings................          --          5,375             --               --           5,375
  Accounts payable.........................      22,567          8,931            418          (11,925)         19,991
  Accrued liabilities......................      16,630          1,754         (6,439)            (445)         11,500
  Dividends payable........................          --             --            855               --             855
                                               --------       --------       --------        ---------        --------  
    Total current liabilities..............      39,197         16,060         (4,758)         (12,370)         38,129
                                               --------       --------       --------        ---------        --------  
LONG-TERM LIABILITIES:
  Long-term debt, less current portion.....      75,350          6,709         30,383          (60,050)         52,392
  Pension obligations and other............          45            783          7,243               --           8,071
  Deferred income taxes....................       1,015            690            852               --           2,557
                                               --------       --------       --------        ---------        --------  
    Total long-term liabilities............      76,410          8,182         38,478          (60,050)         63,020
                                               --------       --------       --------        ---------        --------  
STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY:
  Common stock, $.50 par value; authorized
    15,000,000; outstanding 8,551,782 in
    1993...................................          --          1,985          4,276           (1,985)          4,276
  Paid-in capital..........................          --          1,770         63,997           (1,770)         63,997
  Retained earnings........................      36,511         14,328         44,686          (50,839)         44,686
  Deferred compensation....................          --             --         (1,634)              --          (1,634)
  Minimum pension liability adjustment.....          --             --           (520)              --            (520)
  Cumulative translation adjustments.......          --          1,727          3,341           (1,727)          3,341
                                               --------       --------       --------        ---------        --------  
    Total stockholders' equity.............      36,511         19,810        114,146          (56,321)        114,146
                                               --------       --------       --------        ---------        --------  
      Total liabilities and stockholders'
         equity............................    $152,118       $ 44,052       $147,866        $(128,741)       $215,295
                                               ========       ========       ========        =========        ======== 
</TABLE>
 
                                      26
<PAGE>   28
 
                     WALBRO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
    SUPPLEMENTAL NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)
 
(2) SUPPLEMENTAL GUARANTOR CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(CONTINUED)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1995
                                     ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                       WALBRO
                                                                     CORPORATION     CONSOLIDATION
                                      GUARANTOR      NONGUARANTOR      (PARENT      AND ELIMINATION    CONSOLIDATED
                                     SUBSIDIARIES    SUBSIDIARIES    CORPORATION)       ENTRIES           TOTAL
                                     ------------    ------------    -----------    ---------------    ------------
                                                                     (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                  <C>             <C>             <C>            <C>                <C>
NET SALES.........................     $335,896        $156,280        $   2,091       $(34,995)         $459,272
COSTS AND EXPENSES:                     
  Cost of sales...................      277,196         134,219            1,335        (34,995)          377,755
  Selling and administrative         
     expenses.....................       39,660          13,467            4,368             --            57,495
                                       --------------------------------------------------------------------------
OPERATING INCOME (LOSS)...........       19,040           8,594           (3,612)            --            24,022
OTHER EXPENSE (INCOME):              
  Interest expense................       10,387           4,300           10,503        (13,119)           12,071
  Interest income.................       (2,974)           (797)         (10,308)        13,119              (960)
  Foreign currency exchange                                                                                 
     loss (gain)..................         (324)            (68)           1,875             --             1,483
  Other...........................            3            (255)              (3)            --              (255)
                                       --------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income before provision (credit) 
  for income taxes, minority 
  interest, equity in (income) 
  loss of joint ventures and              
  subsidiaries....................       11,948           5,414           (5,679)            --            11,683
Provision (credit) for income                                                                               
  taxes...........................        1,237           1,958           (1,937)            --             1,258
Minority interest.................           --             472               --             --               472
Equity in (income) loss of joint     
  ventures........................       (1,222)         (2,655)              --             --            (3,877)
Equity in (income) of                
  subsidiaries....................       (6,417)             --          (17,572)        23,989                --
                                       --------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income........................     $ 18,350        $  5,639        $  13,830       $(23,989)         $ 13,830
                                       ==========================================================================
</TABLE>
 
                                      27
<PAGE>   29
 
                     WALBRO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
    SUPPLEMENTAL NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)
 
(2) SUPPLEMENTAL GUARANTOR CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(CONTINUED)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1994
                                        ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                         WALBRO
                                                                      CORPORATION     CONSOLIDATION
                                         GUARANTOR     NONGUARANTOR     (PARENT      AND ELIMINATION   CONSOLIDATED
                                        SUBSIDIARIES   SUBSIDIARIES   CORPORATION)       ENTRIES           TOTAL
                                        ------------   ------------   ------------   ---------------   -------------
                                                                       (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                     <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>               <C>
NET SALES.............................    $296,779       $ 58,903       $  1,021        $ (31,498)       $ 325,205
COSTS AND EXPENSES:
  Cost of sales.......................     242,155         49,910            934          (31,498)         261,501
  Selling and administrative
     expenses.........................      26,765          3,576          8,977               --           39,318
                                          --------       --------       --------        ---------        ---------  
OPERATING INCOME (LOSS)...............      27,859          5,417         (8,890)              --           24,386
OTHER EXPENSE (INCOME):
  Interest expense....................       4,911          1,366          2,428           (4,843)           3,862
  Interest income.....................          --             (4)        (4,930)           4,843              (91)
  Foreign currency exchange loss
     (gain)...........................         260            (42)         2,384               --            2,602
  Other...............................          (2)            18             95               --              111
                                          --------       --------       --------        ---------        ---------  
Income before provision (credit) for 
  income taxes, minority interest, 
  equity in (income) loss of joint 
  ventures and subsidiaries...........      22,690          4,079         (8,867)              --           17,902
Provision (credit) for income taxes...       7,741          1,213         (3,130)              --            5,824
Minority interest.....................          --             92             --               --               92
Equity in (income) loss of joint
  ventures............................      (1,509)        (1,491)           391               --           (2,609)
Equity in (income) of subsidiaries....      (4,265)            --        (20,723)          24,988               --
                                          --------       --------       --------        ---------        ---------  
Net income............................    $ 20,723       $  4,265       $ 14,595        $ (24,988)       $  14,595
                                          ========       ========       ========        =========        =========  
</TABLE>
 
                                      28
<PAGE>   30
 
                     WALBRO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
    SUPPLEMENTAL NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)
 
(2) SUPPLEMENTAL GUARANTOR CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(CONTINUED)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1993
                                     ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                       WALBRO
                                                                     CORPORATION     CONSOLIDATION
                                      GUARANTOR      NONGUARANTOR      (PARENT      AND ELIMINATION    CONSOLIDATED
                                     SUBSIDIARIES    SUBSIDIARIES    CORPORATION)       ENTRIES           TOTAL
                                     ------------    ------------    -----------    ---------------    ------------
                                                                     (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                  <C>             <C>             <C>            <C>                <C>
NET SALES..........................    $249,866        $ 51,647       $   1,478        $ (29,528)        $273,463
COSTS AND EXPENSES:
  Cost of sales....................     201,092          43,372           1,868          (29,528)         216,804
  Selling and administrative
     expenses......................      24,445           3,587           5,011               --           33,043
  Reorganization and restructuring
     charges.......................          --              --           1,760               --            1,760
                                       --------        --------       ---------        ----------        --------  
OPERATING INCOME (LOSS)............      24,329           4,688          (7,161)              --           21,856
OTHER EXPENSE (INCOME):
  Interest expense.................       5,282             482           1,833           (5,003)           2,594
  Interest income..................          (8)             (4)         (5,026)           5,003              (35)
  Foreign currency exchange loss...         567             211             717               --            1,495
  Other............................         255             123             194               --              572
                                       --------        --------       ---------        ----------        --------  
Income before provision (credit) for 
  income taxes, equity in (income) 
  loss of joint ventures and 
  subsidiaries and cumulative effect 
  of accounting change.............      18,233           3,876          (4,879)              --           17,230
Provision (credit) for income
  taxes............................       5,411           1,412          (2,249)              --            4,574
Equity in (income) loss of joint
  ventures.........................         303            (214)             --               --               89
Equity in (income) of
  subsidiaries.....................      (2,678)             --         (15,197)          17,875               --
                                       --------        --------       ---------        ----------        --------  
Income before cumulative effect of
  accounting change................      15,197           2,678          12,567          (17,875)          12,567
Cumulative effect of accounting
  change, net of tax benefit of
  $1,494...........................          --              --           2,900               --            2,900
                                       --------        --------       ---------        ----------        --------  
Net income.........................    $ 15,197        $  2,678       $   9,667        $ (17,875)        $  9,667
                                       ========        ========       =========        =========         ========
</TABLE>
 
                                      29
<PAGE>   31
 
                     WALBRO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
    SUPPLEMENTAL NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)
 
(2) SUPPLEMENTAL GUARANTOR CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(CONTINUED)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1995
                                     -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                        WALBRO       CONSOLIDATION
                                                                     CORPORATION          AND
                                      GUARANTOR      NONGUARANTOR      (PARENT        ELIMINATION     CONSOLIDATED
                                     SUBSIDIARIES    SUBSIDIARIES    CORPORATION)       ENTRIES          TOTAL
                                     ------------    ------------    ------------    -------------    ------------
                                                                    (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                  <C>             <C>             <C>             <C>              <C>
Net cash provided by (used in)      
  operating activities............    $  50,509       $   11,254      $   (30,875)    $    --          $   30,888
                                      ---------       ----------      -----------     -----------      ----------
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING           
  ACTIVITIES:                       
  Purchase of plant and             
     equipment....................      (31,237)         (14,531)            (472)         --             (46,240)
  Acquisitions, net of cash         
     acquired.....................     (131,952)          15,774              (60)         --            (116,238)
  Purchase of other assets........       (6,398)            (608)            (257)         --              (7,263)
  Investment in joint ventures and  
     other........................      118,704            3,901         (124,659)         --              (2,054)
  Proceeds/(payments) of            
     intercompany note              
     receivable...................           --              500             (500)         --                  --
  Proceeds from disposal of         
     assets.......................          167                7            3,953          --               4,127
                                      ---------       ----------      -----------     -----------      ----------
Net cash provided by (used in)      
  investing activities............      (50,716)           5,043         (121,995)         --            (167,668)
                                      ---------       ----------      -----------     -----------      ----------
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING           
  ACTIVITIES:                       
  Net borrowings (repayments)       
     under revolving                
     line-of-credit                 
     agreements...................           --           13,797           50,000          --              63,797
  Debt repayments.................         (516)         (12,659)            (366)         --             (13,541)
  Proceeds from issuance of long -   
     term debt....................          815              120          109,615          --             110,550
  Proceeds from issuance of common  
     stock and options............           --               --              168          --                 168
  Financing fees paid.............           --               --           (4,778)         --              (4,778)
  Cash dividends paid.............           --               --           (3,428)         --              (3,428)
                                      ---------       ----------      -----------     -----------      ----------
NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN)      
  FINANCING ACTIVITIES............          299            1,258          151,211          --             152,768
                                      ---------       ----------      -----------     -----------      ----------
EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES ON  
  CASH............................          (92)            (861)             217          --                (736)
                                      ---------       ----------      -----------     -----------      ----------
NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH...           --           16,694           (1,442)         --              15,252
CASH AT BEGINNING OF YEAR.........           75            2,525            1,940          --               4,540
                                      ---------       ----------      -----------     -----------      ----------
CASH AT END OF YEAR...............    $      75       $   19,219      $       498     $    --          $   19,792
                                      =========       ==========      ===========     ===========      ==========
                                    
</TABLE>
 
                                      30
<PAGE>   32
 
                     WALBRO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
   SUPPLEMENTAL NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)
 
(2) SUPPLEMENTAL GUARANTOR CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(CONTINUED)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1994
                                      ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                       WALBRO
                                                                    CORPORATION     CONSOLIDATION
                                       GUARANTOR     NONGUARANTOR     (PARENT      AND ELIMINATION   CONSOLIDATED
                                      SUBSIDIARIES   SUBSIDIARIES   CORPORATION)       ENTRIES          TOTAL
                                      ------------   ------------   ------------   ---------------   ------------
                                                                    (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                   <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>               <C>
Net cash provided by (used in)
  operating activities..............    $ 25,141       $  2,323       $(16,987)        $    --         $ 10,477
                                        --------       --------       --------         -------         --------  
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING
  ACTIVITIES:
     Purchase of plant and
       equipment....................     (12,428)        (2,729)        (3,687)             --          (18,844)
     Acquisitions, net of cash
       acquired.....................      (1,480)            --             --              --           (1,480)
     Purchase of other assets.......        (985)            --         (1,630)             --           (2,615)
     Investment in joint ventures
       and other....................      (1,508)            --             --              --           (1,508)
     Proceeds/(payments) of
       intercompany note
       receivable...................      (8,500)            --          8,500              --               --
     Proceeds from disposal of
       assets.......................         402            407            654              --            1,463
                                        --------       --------       --------         -------         --------  
Net cash provided by (used in)
  investing activities..............     (24,499)        (2,322)         3,837              --          (22,984)
                                        --------       --------       --------         -------         --------  
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING
  ACTIVITIES:
     Net borrowings (repayments)
       under revolving
       line-of-credit
       agreements...................          --          1,011        (28,750)             --          (27,739)
     Debt repayments................        (416)            --           (408)             --             (824)
     Proceeds from issuance of
       long-term debt...............          --             --         45,000              --           45,000
     Proceeds from issuance of
       common stock and options.....          --             --            230              --              230
     Cash dividends paid............          --             --         (3,424)             --           (3,424)
                                        --------       --------       --------         -------         --------  
Net cash provided by (used in)
  financing activities..............        (416)         1,011         12,648              --           13,243
                                        --------       --------       --------         -------         --------  
EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES ON
  CASH..............................        (582)          (219)            --              --             (801)
                                        --------       --------       --------         -------         --------  
NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH.....        (356)           793           (502)             --              (65)
CASH AT BEGINNING OF YEAR...........         431          1,732          2,442              --            4,605
                                        --------       --------       --------         -------         --------  
CASH AT END OF YEAR.................    $     75       $  2,525       $  1,940         $    --         $  4,540
                                        ========       ========       ========         =======         ========
</TABLE>
 
                                      31
<PAGE>   33
 
                     WALBRO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
    SUPPLEMENTAL NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)
 
(2) SUPPLEMENTAL GUARANTOR CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(CONTINUED)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1993
                                       --------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                       WALBRO
                                                                     CORPORATION    CONSOLIDATION
                                        GUARANTOR     NONGUARANTOR     (PARENT     AND ELIMINATION   CONSOLIDATED
                                       SUBSIDIARIES   SUBSIDIARIES   CORPORATION)      ENTRIES          TOTAL
                                       ------------   ------------   -----------   ---------------   ------------
                                                                     (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                    <C>            <C>            <C>           <C>               <C>
Net cash provided by operating
  activities.........................    $  7,836       $  1,220       $ 6,325          $  --          $ 15,381
                                         --------       --------       -------          -----          --------  
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
     Purchase of plant and
       equipment.....................     (17,688)        (2,259)         (313)            --           (20,260)
     Acquisitions, net of cash
       acquired......................       1,312             --            --             --             1,312
     Purchase of other assets........         (66)            --        (1,981)            --            (2,047)
     Investment in joint ventures and
       other.........................      (1,333)            --            --             --            (1,333)
     Proceeds/(payments) of
       intercompany note
       receivable....................      (3,000)            --         3,000             --                --
     Proceeds from disposal of
       assets........................       1,254          1,780           115             --             3,149
                                         --------       --------       -------          -----          --------  
Net cash provided by (used in)
  investing activities...............     (19,521)          (479)          821             --           (19,179)
                                         --------       --------       -------          -----          --------  
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
     Net borrowings (repayments)
       under revolving line-of-credit
       agreements....................          --          2,609        (6,300)            --            (3,691)
     Debt repayments.................          --         (2,209)         (408)            --            (2,617)
     Proceeds from issuance of
       long-term debt................       9,000             --            --             --             9,000
     Proceeds from issuance of common
       stock and options.............          --             --           610             --               610
     Cash dividends paid.............          --             --        (3,359)            --            (3,359)
                                         --------       --------       -------          -----          --------  
Net cash provided by (used in)
  financing activities...............       9,000            400        (9,457)            --               (57)
                                         --------       --------       -------          -----          --------  
EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES ON
  CASH...............................          --            212            --             --               212
                                         --------       --------       -------          -----          --------  
NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH......      (2,685)         1,353        (2,311)            --            (3,643)
CASH AT BEGINNING OF YEAR............       3,116            379         4,753             --             8,248
                                         --------       --------       -------          -----          --------  
CASH AT END OF YEAR..................    $    431       $  1,732       $ 2,442          $  --          $  4,605
                                         ========       ========       =======          ======         ========
</TABLE>
 
                                      32
<PAGE>   34
 
                     WALBRO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
    SUPPLEMENTAL NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)
 
(2) SUPPLEMENTAL GUARANTOR CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(CONTINUED)
 
     Basis of Presentation -- In connection with the acquisition (the Dyno
Acquisition) by the Company of the fuel systems business of Dyno Industrier A.S
(Dyno) and the execution of a new $135,000,000 credit facility, the Company 
issued  $110,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due in 2005
(the Notes). The Notes are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis, 
jointly and severally, by each of the Company's principal wholly-owned
domestic operating subsidiaries and certain of its indirect wholly-owned
subsidiaries (the Guarantors). The Guarantors include Walbro Automotive
Corporation, Walbro Engine Management Corporation, Whitehead Engineered
Products, Inc. and Sharon Manufacturing Co. The condensed consolidating
financial statements of the Guarantors are presented on pages 24 through 32
and should be read in connection with the consolidated financial statements of
the Company. Separate financial statements of the Guarantors are not presented
because the Guarantors are jointly, severally and unconditionally liable under
the guarantees, and the Company believes the condensed consolidating financial
statements presented are more meaningful in understanding the financial position
of the Guarantors. 
 
     Distributions -- There are no significant restrictions on the ability of
the Guarantors to make distributions to Walbro Corporation.
 
     Postretirement Health Benefits -- The Company provides postretirement
health care, dental benefit and prescription drug coverage to a limited number
of current retirees. Effective January 1, 1993, the Company changed its method
of accounting for the cost of these benefits from a pay-as-you-go (cash) method
to an accrual method as required by SFAS No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for
Postretirement Benefits Other than Pensions," and recognized the unfunded
transition obligation of $4,394,000 ($2,900,000 after-tax) as a one-time
cumulative effect of change in accounting in 1993. The net periodic
postretirement benefit cost amounted to $350,000 in 1995, $413,000 in 1994 and
$321,000 in 1993. These amounts are recorded under Parent Corporation in the 
accompanying Supplemental Guarantor Condensed Consolidating Financial 
Statements. As these costs relate to existing retirees, they have not been 
allocated to the Guarantors.
 
                                      33
<PAGE>   35
 
                       WALBRO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
    SUPPLEMENTAL NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)
 
(2) SUPPLEMENTAL GUARANTOR CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(CONTINUED)
 
     Combined Long-Term Debt of the Parent Corporation and Guarantor
Subsidiaries -- Long-term debt of the Issuer and the Guarantors consisted of 
the following at December 31 (in thousands):
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>                                                                                                    
                                                                         1995          1994       1993       
                                                                        ------        -------    -------     
<S>                                                                     <C>           <C>        <C>         
Senior notes due 2005, unsecured, states interest at 9.875%                                               
  (9.92% effective interest rate) net of unamortized discount                                             
  of $369,000 ...................................................     $109,631        $  --      $  --     
Revolving credit facility, secured, interest at the agent's base
  rate plus an additional margin ................................       50,000           --         --
Term loan from the State of Connecticut, secured, interest at 6%
  per annum, payable in monthly amounts from 1997 to 2005 .......          800           --         -- 
Senior notes, secured, interest at 7.68%, payable in annual                                                
  amounts from 1998 to 2004......................................       45,000         45,000       --        
Revolving credit facility, interest rate from LIBOR plus 5/8% to                                                 
  prime, unsecured...............................................          --             --      28,750     
Industrial revenue bond, issued by Town of Ossian, Indiana,                                                  
  interest at a variable municipal bond rate, due in 2023........        9,000          9,000      9,000     
Industrial revenue bond, issued by City of Ligonier, Indiana,                                                
  interest at a variable municipal bond rate plus 1%, payable in                                             
  annual amounts from 2003 to 2007...............................        6,300          6,300      6,300     
ESOP credit agreement, interest rate which approximates 86% of                                               
  prime, payable in annual installments of $408,000..............        1,225          1,634      2,042     
Capital lease obligations, interest at 7.5%, payable in monthly                                              
  installments through February 2002.............................        4,195          4,710       --        
Other............................................................           82             67       --        
                                                                      --------        -------    -------     
                                                                       226,233         66,711     46,092     
Less -- Current portion..........................................          963            923        408     
                                                                      --------        -------    -------     
                                                                      $225,270        $65,788    $45,684     
                                                                      ========        =======    =======     
</TABLE>     
             
     For a more detailed description of the above indebtedness, see Note 8 of
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
 
     Aggregate minimum principal payment requirements on long-term debt,
including capital lease obligations, in each of the five years subsequent to 
December 31, 1995 are as follows: 1996 - $963,000; 1997 - $1,036,000; 1998 - 
$7,863,000; 1999 - $7,504,000;  2000 - $57,248,000 and thereafter - 
$151,619,000.
 
 
                                      34
<PAGE>   36

                               INDEX TO EXHIBITS

                                                            Sequential
 Exhibits                    Description                     Page No. 
 --------                    -----------                    ----------
    4.8     First Amendment, dated March 8, 1996, to
            the Amended and Restated Credit
            Agreement among the Company, certain of
            its subsidiaries, Comerica Bank, as
            agent, and Harris Bank, as co-agent.

    4.9     First Amendment, dated as of July 26, 1995,
            to the Note Agreement among the Company and
            the purchasers named therein, relating to
            the 7.68% Senior Notes of the Company.

   10.26    Employment Agreement between the Company
            and Michael A. Shope, dated December 20,
            1993.

   10.27    Severance Compensation and Consulting
            Agreement between the Company and
            Michael A. Shope, dated as of December
            20, 1993.

   10.30    Joint Venture Agreement between Walbro
            Automotive Corporation and Mutual
            Industries Ltd., dated November 28, 1995,
            relating to the Mutual Walbro P. Ltd. 
            joint venture.

   10.31    General Partnership Agreement dated 
            August 18, 1995 between Iwaki Diecast 
            U.S.A., Inc. and Walbro Tucson Corp.

   13.1     1995 Annual Report to Stockholders.
            With the exception of the information
            incorporated by reference into Items 5,
            6, 7, 8 and 14(a)(1) of this Form 10-K,
            the 1995 Annual Report to Stockholders
            is not deemed filed as part of this
            report.

   21.1     Subsidiaries of the Company.

   23.1     Consent of Arthur Andersen LLP,
            independent public accountants.

   27.1     Financial Data Schedule.
                                    
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.8
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.8
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1





                                                                   EXHIBIT 4.8





      =================================================================


                               FIRST AMENDMENT TO
                               WALBRO CORPORATION
                                  $135,000,000
                                CREDIT AGREEMENT

                            COMERICA BANK, AS AGENT


      =================================================================

<PAGE>   2

                   FIRST AMENDMENT TO WALBRO CREDIT AGREEMENT



        THIS FIRST AMENDMENT ("First Amendment") is made as of this 8th day
of March, 1996 by and among Walbro Corporation, a Michigan corporation
("Company"), Comerica Bank and the other banks signatory hereto (individually,
a "Bank" and collectively, the "Banks") and Comerica Bank, as agent for the
Banks (in such capacity, "Agent").

        RECITALS:

        A.      Company, Agent and the Banks entered into that certain Amended
and Restated Walbro Corporation $135,000,000 Credit Agreement dated as of
September 22, 1995 (as amended from time to time, the "Credit Agreement") under
which the Banks renewed and extended (or committed to extend) credit to the
Company and the Permitted Borrowers, as set forth therein.

        B.      At the Company's request, Agent and the Banks have agreed to
make certain amendments to the Credit Agreement, but only on the terms and
conditions set forth in this First Amendment.

        NOW THEREFORE, Company, Agent and the Banks agree:

        1.      Section 1 of the Credit Agreement is amended
                as follows:

        (a)     Section 1.36 is amended to replace the word
                "and" in the seventh line thereof (following
                the reference to "9.8") with a comma and to
                add, following the reference to "9.11", the
                words "and 9.15,".

        (b)     Section 1.50A is added, immediately following
                Section 1.50, as follows:

                        "1.50A.   'EBIT' shall mean, with respect to any period,
                   net earnings (or loss) before gross interest expense and
                   taxes and before reflecting extraordinary gains (losses),
                   gains (losses) from discontinued operations and gains
                   (losses) from Minority Interests and Joint Ventures for such
                   period, as determined in accordance with GAAP."

        (c)     Section 1.68 (the definition of "Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio")
                is hereby deleted and replaced with the word "[Reserved]."

        (d)     Section 1.88A is added, immediately following Section 1.88, as
                follows: 

                        "1.88A.   'Interest Coverage Ratio' shall mean a ratio,
                    the numerator of which consists of EBIT of the Company and
                    its Subsidiaries for the four fiscal quarters immediately
                    preceding the 
<PAGE>   3
                    applicable date of determination and the denominator of
                    which consists of the gross interest expense of Company and
                    its Subsidiaries for such period, all determined without
                    duplication in accordance with GAAP on a Consolidated
                    basis."

        (e)     Section 1.110 (the definition of "Net Income Adjustment") is
                amended to delete, in the fifth line thereof (following the
                words "fiscal year ending" the words "on or."
        
        (f)     Section 1.172A is added, immediately following Section 1.172,
                as follows: 

                    "1.172A.         'U.S. Coexcell' shall mean U.S. Coexcell,
                    Inc., an Ohio corporation." 
        
        2.      Section 8 of the Credit Agreement is amended as follows:
        
        (a)     Section 8.5 (establishing a maximum Funded Debt Ratio) is
                amended and restated in its entirety, as follows:
        
                       "8.5     Funded Debt Ratio.   On a Consolidated basis,
                    have and causes its Subsidiaries to have, as of the end of
                    each fiscal quarter, a Funded Debt Ratio which will at no
                    time exceed: 
                    
<TABLE>
                    <S>     <C>
                    (a)     from the date hereof through December 30, 1995, 6.0
                            to 1.0; 
                    
                    (b)     from December 31, 1995 through March 30, 1996, 5.5
                            to 1.0; 
                    
                    (c)     from March 31, 1996 through June 29, 1996, 5.2 to
                            1.0; 
                    
                    (d)     from June 30, 1996 through September 29, 1996, 4.8
                            to 1.0; 
                    
                    (e)     from September 30, 1996 to December 30, 1996, 4.5
                            to 1.0; 
                    
                    (f)     from December 31, 1996 to December 30, 1997, 4.20
                            to 1.0; 
                    
                    (g)     from December 31, 1997 to December 30, 1998, 3.65
                            to 1.0; 
                    
                    (h)     from December 31, 1998 to December 30, 1999, 3.0 to
                            1.0; and 
                    
                    (i)     from and after December 31, 1999, 2.75 to 1.0."
</TABLE>            





                                      2
<PAGE>   4


        (b)     Section 8.6 (establishing a minimum Fixed Charge Coverage
                Ratio) is deleted in its entirety. 

        (c)     New Section 8.6 is added to the Credit Agreement, as follows:

                           "8.6.    Maintain Interest Coverage Ratio.
                    On a Consolidated basis, have and cause its Subsidiaries
                    to have, as of the end of each fiscal quarter, an Interest
                    Coverage Ratio of not less than: 
                    
                    (a)     from the date hereof through December 30, 1996,
                            1.40 to 1.0; 

                    (b)     from December 31, 1996 to December 30, 1997, 1.50
                            to 1.0; 

                    (c)     from December 31, 1997 to December 30, 1998, 2.0 to
                            1.0; 

                    (d)     from December 31, 1998 to December 30, 1999, 2.50
                            to 1.0; and 

                    (e)     from and after December 31, 1999, 3.0 to 1.0."

        3.      Section 9 of the Credit Agreement is amended
                as follows:
        
        (a)     Section 9.8(a) is amended to change the reference to One
                Million Dollars ($1,000,000) in the fifth and sixth lines
                thereof to Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000).
        
        (b)     Section 9.8(c) is amended and restated in its entirety as
                follows: 

                "(c)    (i) Investments in the Company's Subsidiaries existing
                        as of the date  of this Agreement, and (ii) any future
                        investments, loans and/or advances to or in U.S. 
                        Coexcell in an aggregate amount not to exceed Four
                        Million Dollars ($4,000,000) (without regard to any
                        repayment of such loans, advances or investments, other
                        than the repayment of capital or principal), provided
                        that at all times while any such investment, loan or
                        advance to or in U.S. Coexcell is outstanding, Company
                        shall own, directly or indirectly, not less than eighty
                        percent (80%) of the share capital of U.S. Coexcell;".
                
        (c)     Section 9.8(h) is amended and restated in its entirety as
                follows: 





                                       3
<PAGE>   5

                "(h)     loans, advances, or investments (without regard to any
                         repayment of such loans, advances or investments, other
                         than the repayment of capital or principal) to any
                         Joint  Venture or Subsidiary which does not constitute
                         a 100% Subsidiary, expressly excluding for all
                         purposes of this Section 9.8(h) any loan, advance or
                         investment to or in U.S. Coexcell, but including
                         without limitation (i) all other loans, advances or
                         investments permitted under any other provision of
                         this Agreement and (ii) guaranties by the Company or
                         any Subsidiary (valued on the basis of the aggregate
                         amount of such indebtedness covered by a guaranty) of
                         third party indebtedness of any such Joint Venture or
                         non-100% Subsidiary, in an aggregate amount, for all
                         such loans, advances, and investments under this
                         subsection (h), at any time not to exceed the greater
                         of Twenty-Six Million Dollars ($26,000,000) or twenty
                         percent (20%) of Consolidated Tangible Net Worth;".

        (d)     Section 9.15 is added to the Credit Agreement, as follows:

                                "9.15.   Capital Expenditures Limitation. 
                         Incur or make Capital Expenditures (determined on a
                         Consolidated basis) in aggregate amounts in any fiscal
                         year greater than:

                         (a)     during its fiscal year ending December 31,
                                 1996, the sum of Eighty Million Dollars
                                 ($80,000,000);
                         
                         (b)     during its fiscal year ending December 31,
                                 1997, the sum of Sixty Million Dollars
                                 ($60,000,000); and
                         
                         (c)     during each of its fiscal years thereafter,
                                 the sum of Forty Million Dollars ($40,000,000),
                         
                         in each case on a non-cumulative basis."


        4.      This First Amendment shall become effective (according to the
    terms hereof), upon the satisfaction by the Company of the following
    conditions (the "Conditions"):

        (a)     Agent shall have received counterpart originals of this First
                Amendment, duly executed and delivered in form satisfactory
                to Agent and the Banks; and
        
        



                                       4
<PAGE>   6

        (b)     Company shall have paid to Agent, for distribution to the
                Banks, an amendment fee in the amount and on the terms
                described in the Agent's memorandum to the Banks dated March 1,
                1996; 

provided however that, subject to the foregoing, the amendments set forth in
paragraphs 1(a), 1(c), 1(e), 1(f), 2(b), 3(a), 3(b) and 3(c) of this First
Amendment shall be given retroactive effect to December 31, 1995. 

        5.      Each of Company, the undersigned Permitted Borrowers and the
undersigned Guarantors hereby represents and warrants that, after giving effect
to the amendments contained herein, (a) execution, delivery and performance of
this First Amendment are within such undersigned's corporate powers, have been
duly authorized, are not in contravention of law or the terms of its articles
of incorporation or bylaws or other organic documents of the parties thereto,
as applicable, and except as have been previously obtained (or as referred to
in Section 7.15 of the Credit Agreement) do not require the consent or
approval, material to the amendments contemplated in this First Amendment or
the Credit Agreement as so amended, of any governmental body, agency or
authority, and this First Amendment will constitute the valid and binding
obligations of such undersigned parties enforceable in accordance with its
terms, except as enforcement thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy,
reorganization, insolvency, moratorium, ERISA or similar laws affecting the
enforcement of creditors' rights generally and by general principles of equity
(whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding in equity or at law), and (b)
the continuing representations and warranties set forth in Sections 7.1 through
7.20, inclusive, of the Credit Agreement are true and correct on and as of the
date hereof, and such representations and warranties are and shall remain
continuing representations and warranties during the entire life of the Credit
Agreement.

        6.      Except as specifically set forth above, this First Amendment
shall not be deemed to amend or alter in any respect the terms and conditions
of the Credit Agreement, any of the Notes issued thereunder, or any of the
other Loan Documents, or to constitute a waiver by Banks or Agent of any right
or remedy under the Credit Agreement, any of the Notes issued thereunder or any
of the other Loan Documents.

        7.      Unless otherwise defined to the contrary herein, all
capitalized terms used in this First Amendment shall have the meanings set
forth in the Credit Agreement.

        8.      This First Amendment may be executed in counterpart, in
accordance with Section 14.10 of the Credit Agreement.


                   [SIGNATURES FOLLOW ON SUCCEEDING PAGES]



                                      5

<PAGE>   7

        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Company, the Banks and Agent have each caused this
First Amendment to be executed by their respective duly authorized officers or
agents, as applicable, all as of the date first set forth above.


COMERICA BANK,                        WALBRO CORPORATION
  as Agent                      
                                
By:  /s/ A. J. ANDERSON               By:  /s/ M. A. SHOPE          
   ----------------------------          -------------------------------------
                                
Its: FIRST VICE PRESIDENT             Its: TREASURER & CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
    ---------------------------           ------------------------------------
One Detroit Center                    6242 Garfield Street
500 Woodward Avenue                   Cass City, Michigan 48726
8th Floor MC 3265                     Attn: MICHAEL A. SHOPE         
Detroit, Michigan 48226                    -----------------------------------
Attention: Cheryl W. Ewers      
                                
                                
                                
BANKS:                                COMERICA BANK
                                
                                
                                
                                      By:  /s/ A. J. ANDERSON     
                                         -------------------------------------
                                
                                      Its: FIRST VICE PRESIDENT   
                                         -------------------------------------
                                      One Detroit Center
                                      500 Woodward Avenue
                                      Detroit, Michigan 48226
                                      Attention: Cheryl W. Ewers
                                      Telephone: (313) 222-9168
                                      Facsimile No. (313) 222-9516
                                
                                
                                
                                      HARRIS TRUST & SAVINGS BANK
                                
                                
                                
                                      By: /s/ PETER L. DANCY         
                                         -------------------------------------
                                
                                      Its: VICE PRESIDENT            
                                         -------------------------------------
                                      2 West
                                      111 W. Monroe
                                      Chicago, Illinois  60690
                                      Attn:  Peter Dancy
                                      Fax No.: (312) 461-2591
                                
                                
                                
                                6
                                
                                
                                
<PAGE>   8
                                
                                      NATIONAL CITY BANK
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      By:  /s/ JED M. PARKER                   
                                         -------------------------------------
                                      
                                      Its: Vice President        
                                         -------------------------------------
                                      1900 East 9th Street
                                      Cleveland, Ohio 44114
                                      Attn:  Andrew Walshaw
                                      Fax No.: (216) 575-9396
                                      
                                      
                                      THE MITSUBISHI BANK, LIMITED,
                                        CHICAGO BRANCH
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      By: /s/ NOBORU KOBAYASHI              
                                         -------------------------------------
                                                NOBORU KOBAYASHI
                                      Its:  JOINT GENERAL MANAGER    
                                          ------------------------------------
                                      Suite 2100
                                      115 South LaSalle Street
                                      Chicago, Illinois  60603
                                      Attn:  Diane Tkach
                                      Fax No.: (312) 263-2555
                                      
                                      
                                      THE BANK OF NEW YORK
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      By:  /s/ WILLIAM M. BARNUM JR. 
                                         -------------------------------------
                                      
                                      Its:  VICE PRESIDENT           
                                         -------------------------------------
                                      22nd Floor
                                      One Wall Street
                                      New York, New York  10286
                                      Attn:  William M. Barnum
                                      Fax No.: (212) 635-6434
                                      
                                      
                                      SOCIETE GENERALE
                                      
                                      
                                      By:  /s/ JOSEPH A. PHILBIN     
                                         -------------------------------------
                                      
                                      Its: JOSEPH A. PHILBIN         
                                         -------------------------------------
                                      181 West Madison Street
                                      Chicago, Illinois  60602
                                      Attn:  Joseph A. Philbin
                                      Fax No.: (312) 578-5099
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                7
                                      
                                      
<PAGE>   9
                                      
                                      COOPERATIEVE CENTRALE RAIFFEISEN-  
                                      BOERENLEENBANK B.A. 
                                      
                                      "RABOBANK NEDERLAND", NEW YORK
                                      BRANCH
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      By: /s/ RONALD E. LITTLE       
                                         -------------------------------------
                                            RONALD E. LITTLE  
                                      Its:  VICE PRESIDENT           
                                         -------------------------------------
                                      
                                      
                                      And By: /s/ W. JEFFREY VOLLACK  
                                            ----------------------------------
                                               W. JEFFREY VOLLACK
                                      Its:   VICE PRESIDENT, MANAGER 
                                          ------------------------------------
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      245 Park Avenue
                                      New York, New York 10167
                                      Attn: Corporate Services
                                                Department
                                      Fax No.: (212) 818-0233
                                      
                                            
                                            
        
Acknowledged and Agreed by the undersigned as of March 8, 1996: 


                                      WALBRO AUTOMOTIVE CORPORATION,
                                      a Delaware corporation
                                      
                                      
                                      By:  /s/ M. A. SHOPE           
                                          ------------------------------------
                                                                               
                                      Its: TREASURER                 
                                          ------------------------------------
                                                                               
                                      
                                      SHARON MANUFACTURING COMPANY,
                                         a Michigan corporation
                                      
                                      
                                      By:  /s/ M. A. SHOPE           
                                          ------------------------------------
                                                                               
                                      Its: TREASURER                 
                                          ------------------------------------
                                      
                                      
                                      8
                                      
                                      
<PAGE>   10
                                      
                                      WALBRO ENGINE MANAGEMENT CORPORATION,
                                      a Delaware corporation
                                      
                                      
                                      By:   /s/ M. A. SHOPE                   
                                          ------------------------------------
                                                                               
                                      Its: TREASURER
                                          ------------------------------------
                                                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      WHITEHEAD ENGINEERED PRODUCTS, INC.,
                                      a Delaware corporation
                                      
                                      
                                      By:  /s/ M. A. SHOPE            
                                          ------------------------------------
                                      
                                      Its: TREASURER
                                          ------------------------------------
                                      
                                      
                                      WALBRO JAPAN, INC., a Japanese
                                      company
                                      
                                      
                                      By:  /s/ M. A. SHOPE            
                                          ------------------------------------
                                      
                                      Its: ATTORNEY IN FACT
                                          ------------------------------------
                                                                    
                                      
                                      
                                      WALBRO AUTOMOTIVE GMBH, a
                                      German company
                                      
                                      
                                      By:  JAN SVERRE ROSSTAD
                                          ------------------------------------
                                      
                                      Its: MANAGING DIRECTOR                
                                          ------------------------------------
                                                                    
                                      
                                      
                                      WALBRO NETHERLANDS B.V., a
                                      Dutch company
                                      
                                      
                                      By:  /s/ L. E. ALTHAVER
                                          ------------------------------------
                                      
                                      Its: DIRECTOR & CEO
                                          ------------------------------------
                                                                    
                                      
                                      
                                      WALBRO AUTOMOTIVE S.A, a French
                                      company 
                                      
                                      
                                      By:  /s/ BRUNO DE SAINTE MARIE
                                          ------------------------------------
                                           
                                      Its:  CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD
                                          ------------------------------------
                                      
                                      9
<PAGE>   11
                                      
                                      
                                      WALBRO AUTOMOTIVE N.V., a
                                      Belgian company
                                      

                                      By:  /s/  KAREL L. MATTHYS     
                                          ------------------------------------
                                         
                                      Its: MANAGING DIRECTOR
                                          ------------------------------------
                                                                    
                                                                               
                                      
                                      WALBRO AUTOMOTIVE A.S., a
                                      Norwegian company
                                      
                                      
                                      By:  /s/ GARY L. VOLLMAR
                                          ------------------------------------
                                                                               
                                      Its: PRESIDENT
                                          ------------------------------------
                                                                      
                                                                               
                                      
                                      WALBRO AUTOMOTIVE LIMITED, an
                                      English Company
                                      
                                      
                                      By:  NICOLAI MUNSTER
                                          ------------------------------------
                                                                               
                                      Its: DIRECTOR
                                          ------------------------------------
                                                                      
                                                                               
                                      
                                      WALBRO AUTOMOTIVE S.A., a
                                      Spanish company
                                      
                                      
                                      By:  /s/ SERGIO MORELLA BADILLO  
                                          ------------------------------------
                                      
                                      Its:  CONSEJERO DELEGADO
                                          ------------------------------------
                                      
                                      


                                       10
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.9
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.9
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                 EXHIBIT 4.9


                               WALBRO CORPORATION

                                FIRST AMENDMENT


                           DATED AS OF JULY 26, 1995





                                      RE:

                   NOTE AGREEMENT DATED AS OF OCTOBER 1, 1994
<PAGE>   2

                               TABLE OF CONTENTS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
SECTION                                    HEADING                                                     PAGE

<S>                    <C>                                                                               <C>
SECTION 1.                CLOSING CONDITIONS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    2
                                                                                          
         Section 1.1.  Conditions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    2
                                                                                          
                 (a)      Legal Opinions  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    2
                 (b)      Company's and Subsidiaries' Existence and Authority . . . . . . . . . . . .    2
                 (c)      Collateral Agent's Existence and Authority  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    2
                 (d)      Security Agreements, Etc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    2
                 (e)      Filing and Recording  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    2
                 (f)      Related Transactions on the Amendment Closing Date  . . . . . . . . . . . .    2
                 (g)      Satisfactory Proceedings  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    2
                                                                                          
         Section 1.2.  Waiver of Conditions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    2
                                                                                          
SECTION 2.                AMENDMENTS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    3
                                                                                          
         Section 2.1.  Amendment of Section 5.11  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    3
         Section 2.2.  Amendment of Section 6.1 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    3
         Section 2.3.  Amendment of Section 8.1 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    4
         Section 2.4.  Amendment of Annex B to Exhibit C of the Note Agreement  . . . . . . . . . . .    4
                                                                                          
SECTION 3.                MISCELLANEOUS.  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    4
                                                                                          
         Section 3.1.  Execution in Counterparts  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    4
         Section 3.2.  Fees and Expenses  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    4
         Section 3.3.  Governing Law  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    4
         Section 3.4.  Captions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    5

</TABLE>




                                       i
<PAGE>   3

                               WALBRO CORPORATION

                                FIRST AMENDMENT


To the Institutions Named on
Schedule I Hereto

Ladies and Gentlemen:

         Reference is made to that certain Note Agreement, dated as of October
1, 1994 (the "Note Agreement"), between Walbro Corporation, a Delaware
corporation (the "Company"), and the Purchasers named in Schedule I attached
thereto, under which $45,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 7.68% Senior
Notes due October 1, 2004 of the Company (the "Notes") were originally issued.
The Company hereby certifies that Schedule I hereto contains the names of all
of the Holders of all of the Notes outstanding on the date hereof under the
Note Agreement.

         Pursuant to that certain Walbro Corporation $135,000,000 Credit
Agreement dated as of the date hereof (the "Credit Agreement"), among the
Company, certain of its Subsidiaries, each of the banks named on the signature
pages thereof (collectively, the "Banks") and Comerica Bank, a Michigan banking
corporation, as agent for the Banks (the "Agent"), the Banks have agreed,
subject to the satisfaction of certain terms and conditions, to make advances
to the Company and certain of its Subsidiaries and to provide for the issuance
of letters of credit for the account of the Company, individually, or jointly
and severally with certain of its Subsidiaries, as provided therein.

         Pursuant to and in accordance with the Credit Agreement and the Note
Agreement, the Banks and each of you have required that the Company and certain
Subsidiaries provide to Comerica Bank, a Michigan banking corporation, as
collateral agent for the Banks and the Holders (the "Collateral Agent"),
various grants of collateral, security interests, liens and other encumbrances
as security for the Company's and certain of its Subsidiaries' obligations
under the Credit Agreement, the Note Agreement, the Notes, the Guaranty
Agreements and certain guaranty agreements issued for the benefit of the Banks,
as evidenced by (i) that certain Company Stock Pledge and Security Agreement
dated as of the date hereof (the "Company Security Agreement") between the
Company and the Collateral Agent, (ii) that certain Guarantor Stock Pledge and
Security Agreement dated as of the date hereof (the "Guarantor Security
Agreement") between the Company and the Domestic Subsidiaries and (iii) those
certain pledge agreements dated on or about the date hereof (the "Foreign
Pledge Agreements") from certain of the Subsidiaries for the benefit of the
Collateral Agent.  The Company Security Agreement, the Guarantor Security
Agreement and the Foreign Pledge Agreements are hereinafter collectively
referred to as the "Security Agreements."

         Pursuant to that certain Intercreditor Agreement dated as of the date
hereof (the "Intercreditor Agreement") among the Company, the Collateral Agent,
the Agent, the other Banks and each of you, the Banks and each of you have
entered into certain intercreditor arrangements with respect to the
above-described transactions.

         Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the
meanings as defined in the Note Agreement.  As used herein, the term "Amendment
Closing Date" shall mean the date on which the Company and the Holders of at
least 66-2/3% in aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes execute this
First Amendment.

         In connection with the above-described transactions, the Company
desires to amend certain provisions of the Note Agreement and, upon the
execution and delivery of this First Amendment by the Company and the Holders
of at least 66-2/3% in aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes, certain
provisions of the Note Agreement shall be amended as of the date hereof in the
manner described in Section 2 hereof.

<PAGE>   4


SECTION 1.                CLOSING CONDITIONS.

         Section 1.1.  Conditions.  Your execution and delivery of this First
Amendment shall be subject to the performance by the Company of its agreements
hereunder which by the terms hereof are to be performed at or prior to the time
of the execution and delivery of this First Amendment and to the following
further conditions precedent:

                 (a)      Legal Opinions.  You shall have received from Katten,
         Muchin & Zavis, special counsel for the Company and its Subsidiaries
         and from Bodman, Longley & Dahling, counsel for the Collateral Agent,
         their respective opinions dated the Amendment Closing Date, in form
         and substance satisfactory to you.

                 (b)      Company's and Subsidiaries' Existence and Authority.
         On or prior to the Amendment Closing Date, you shall have received, in
         form and substance reasonably satisfactory to you and your special
         counsel, such documents and evidence with respect to the Company and
         the Subsidiaries which are parties to the Company Security Agreement
         and the Guarantor Security Agreement as you may reasonably request in
         order to establish the existence and good standing of the Company and
         such Subsidiaries and the authorization of the transactions
         contemplated by this First Amendment, the Company Security Agreement,
         the Guarantor Security Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement.

                 (c)      Collateral Agent's Existence and Authority.  On or
         prior to the Amendment Closing Date, you shall have received, in form
         and substance satisfactory to you and your special counsel, such
         documents and evidence with respect to the Collateral Agent as you may
         reasonably request in order to establish the existence and good
         standing of the Collateral Agent and the authorization of the
         transactions contemplated by the Security Agreements and the
         Intercreditor Agreement.

                 (d)      Security Agreements, Etc.  On or prior to the
         Amendment Closing Date, the Company Security Agreement, the Guarantor
         Security Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement in the forms
         attached hereto as Exhibits B, C and D, respectively, shall have been
         duly executed and delivered by the parties thereto and shall be in
         full force and effect and you shall have received true, correct and
         complete copies of each thereof.

                 (e)      Filing and Recording.  On or prior to the Amendment
         Closing Date, the Company Security Agreement and the Guarantor
         Security Agreement and/or UCC-1 financing statements or other notices
         with respect thereto shall have been executed and shall be in proper
         form of recordation or filing in all public offices as may be
         necessary or appropriate in order to perfect the liens and security
         interests granted or conveyed thereby.

                 (f)      Related Transactions on the Amendment Closing Date.
         The Company shall have consummated the transactions contemplated by
         the Credit Agreement.

                 (g)      Satisfactory Proceedings.  All proceedings taken in
         connection with the transactions contemplated by this First Amendment,
         and all documents necessary to the consummation thereof, shall be
         reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to you and your special
         counsel, and you shall have received a copy (executed or certified as
         may be appropriate) of all legal documents or proceedings taken in
         connection with the consummation of said transactions.

         Section 1.2.  Waiver of Conditions.  If on the Amendment Closing Date,
the conditions specified in Section 1.1 have not been fulfilled, you may
thereupon elect to be relieved of all further obligations under this First
Amendment.  Without limiting the foregoing, if the conditions specified in
Section 1.1 have not been fulfilled, you may waive compliance by the Company
with any such condition to such extent as you may in your sole discretion
determine.  Nothing in this Section 1.2





                                       2

<PAGE>   5

shall operate to relieve the Company of any of its obligations hereunder or to
waive your rights against the Company.

SECTION 2.                AMENDMENTS.

         Section 2.1.  Amendment of Section 5.11.  Section 5.11 of the Note
Agreement is hereby amended in its entirety so that the same shall henceforth
read as follows:

                          "Section 5.11.  Guaranties.  The Company will not,
                 and will not permit any Subsidiary to, become or be liable in
                 respect of any Guaranty except:

                          (a)     Guaranties by the Company which are limited
                 in amount to a stated maximum dollar exposure or which
                 constitute Guaranties of obligations incurred by any
                 Subsidiary in compliance with the provisions of this
                 Agreement,

                          (b)     Guaranties by any Subsidiary which constitute
                 Guaranties of obligations incurred by any other Subsidiary
                 pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement and in
                 compliance with the provisions of this Agreement (including,
                 but not limited to, Section 5.7(a)(3)), and

                          (c)     Guaranties by one or more Subsidiaries of
                 Indebtedness of the Company incurred within the limitations of
                 Section 5.7(a)(3), provided that, as a condition precedent to
                 entering into any such Guaranty, (i) each such Subsidiary
                 shall have guaranteed the Notes equally and ratably with such
                 other Indebtedness of the Company under a form of Guaranty
                 which has the prior written approval of the Holder or Holders
                 of the Notes, and (ii) the Holder or Holders of the Notes
                 shall have received the favorable written opinion of
                 independent counsel designated by such Holder or Holders to
                 the effect that such Guaranty of the Notes is the legal, valid
                 and binding obligations of each such Subsidiary, enforceable
                 against each such Subsidiary in accordance with its terms."

         Section 2.2.  Amendment of Section 6.1.  Clauses (h) and (i) of
Section 6.1 of the Note Agreement is hereby amended as follows:

                          "(h)  The Company shall fail to observe or perform
                 any other provision of this Agreement or the Company or any
                 Subsidiary shall fail to observe or perform any provision of
                 any Security Agreement or the Intercreditor Agreement, in each
                 case, which is not remedied within 30 business days after the
                 earlier of (i) the day on which the Company or such Subsidiary
                 first obtains knowledge of such default, or (ii) the day on
                 which written notice thereof is given to the Company or such
                 Subsidiary by any Holder; or

                          (i)     Any representation or warranty made by the
                 Company or any Subsidiary herein, in the Intercreditor
                 Agreement, or any Security Agreement or any statement or
                 certificate furnished by the Company or any Subsidiary in
                 connection with the consummation of the issuance and delivery
                 of the Notes or furnished by the Company or any Subsidiary
                 pursuant hereto or thereto, is untrue in any material respect
                 as of the date of the issuance or making thereof; or"





                                       3

<PAGE>   6

         Section 2.3.  Amendment of Section 8.1.  Section 8.1 of the Note
Agreement is hereby amended as follows:

                          (a)     The definition of "Credit Agreement" is
                 hereby deleted in its entirety and the following is inserted
                 in lieu thereof:

                          "Credit Agreement" shall mean that certain Walbro
                 Corporation $135,000,000 Credit Agreement dated as of July 26,
                 1995 among the Company, certain of its Subsidiaries, Comerica
                 Bank, as agent and the other banks named on the signature
                 pages thereof, as the same may be amended, modified or
                 supplemented from time to time, and any extension, renewal or
                 replacement thereof."

                          (b)     The following definitions are hereby
                 incorporated into Section 8.1 in their correct alphabetical
                 order:

                          "Intercreditor Agreement" shall mean that certain
                 Intercreditor Agreement dated as of July 26, 1995 among the
                 Company, the Holders, the banks named on the signature pages
                 thereof, Comerica Bank, as agent for such banks and as
                 collateral agent for such banks and the Holders, as the same
                 may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time.

                          "Security Agreements" shall mean (i) that certain
                 Company Stock Pledge and Security Agreement dated as of July
                 26, 1995 between the Company and Comerica Bank, as collateral
                 agent, (ii) that certain Guarantor Stock Pledge and Security
                 Agreement dated as of July 26, 1995 between the Domestic
                 Subsidiaries and Comerica Bank, as collateral agent and (iii)
                 those certain pledge agreements dated on or about July 26,
                 1995 from certain of the Subsidiaries for the benefit of
                 Comerica Bank, as collateral agent, in each case, as the same
                 may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time."

         Section 2.4.  Amendment of Annex B to Exhibit C of the Note Agreement.
Annex B to Exhibit C of the Note Agreement is hereby amended by inserting the
following at the end of paragraph 4 of thereof:

                          "ESOP Credit Agreement - $1,633,875."

SECTION 3.                MISCELLANEOUS.

         Section 3.1.  Execution in Counterparts.  Two or more duplicate
originals of this First Amendment may be signed by the parties hereto, each of
which shall be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and
the same instrument.  This First Amendment may be executed in one or more
counterparts and will be effective (as of the effective date set forth below),
when at least one counterpart has been executed by the Company and the Holders
of at least 66-2/3% in aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes, and
each set of counterparts which, collectively, show execution by each such party
shall constitute one duplicate original.

         Section 3.2.  Fees and Expenses.  All fees and expenses relating to
the subject matter of this First Amendment, including, without limitation, all
fees and expenses of special counsel to the Holders, shall be paid by the
Company.

         Section 3.3.  Governing Law.  This First Amendment shall be governed
by and construed in accordance with Illinois law.





                                       4

<PAGE>   7

         Section 3.4.  Captions.  The descriptive headings of the various
Sections or parts of this First Amendment are for convenience only and shall
not affect the meaning or construction of any of the provisions hereof.

         If this First Amendment is satisfactory to you, please so indicate by
signing the acceptance at the foot of a counterpart of this First Amendment and
return such counterpart to the Company, and upon receipt by the Company of
counterparts of this First Amendment executed by the Holders of at least
66-2/3% in aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes, the Note Agreement
shall be amended as set forth above, but all other terms and provisions of the
Note Agreement shall remain unchanged and are in all respects ratified,
confirmed and approved.  If and to the extent that any of the terms or
provisions of the Note Agreement, as amended prior to the date hereof, are in
conflict with or are inconsistent with any of the terms or provisions of this
First Amendment, this First Amendment shall govern.

         This First Amendment shall be effective as of July 26, 1995.


                                     WALBRO CORPORATION
                                
                                     By:                                       
                                        ---------------------------------------
                                             Its Treasurer
Accepted and Agreed to:         
                                
                                     PRINCIPAL MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
                                
                                
                                     By:                                       
                                        ---------------------------------------
                                             Its
                                
                                     By:                                       
                                        ---------------------------------------
                                             Its
                                
                                
                                     THE MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF 
                                       NEW YORK
                                
                                
                                     By:                                      
                                        ---------------------------------------
                                             Its
                                
                                
                                     MONY LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF AMERICA
                                
                                
                                     By:                                       
                                        ---------------------------------------
                                             Its
                                
                                
                                     FINANCIAL HORIZONS LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
                                
                                
                                     By:                                       
                                        ---------------------------------------
                                             Its
                                




                                       5
<PAGE>   8

         This First Amendment shall be effective as of July _____, 1995.


                                             WALBRO CORPORATION
                                 
                                             By:                               
                                                -------------------------------
                                                     Its
Accepted and Agreed to:          
                                 
                                             PRINCIPAL MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE 
                                               COMPANY
                                 
                                 
                                             By:                               
                                                -------------------------------
                                                     Its
                                 
                                             By:                               
                                                -------------------------------
                                                     Its
                                 
                                 
                                             THE MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
                                               OF NEW YORK
                                 
                                 
                                             By:                               
                                                -------------------------------
                                                     Its
                                 
                                 
                                             MONY LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF 
                                               AMERICA
                                 
                                 
                                             By:                              
                                                -------------------------------
                                                     Its
                                 
                                 
                                             FINANCIAL HORIZONS LIFE INSURANCE 
                                               COMPANY
                                 
                                 
                                             By:                               
                                                -------------------------------
                                                     Its
                                 
                                 
                                             NATIONWIDE LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
                                 
                                 
                                             By:                               
                                                -------------------------------
                                                     Its





                                       6
<PAGE>   9

         The undersigned Domestic Subsidiaries hereby (i) consent and agree to
the terms of this First Amendment and (ii) reaffirm that (A) the
representations and warranties of the Domestic Subsidiaries contained in
Exhibit C to the Note Agreement are true and correct as of the date hereof and
(B) the Guaranty Agreements remain in full force and effect.


                          WALBRO AUTOMOTIVE CORPORATION


                          By:                                                  
                             --------------------------------------------------
                                  Its


                          WALBRO ENGINE MANAGEMENT CORPORATION


                          By:                                                  
                             --------------------------------------------------
                                  Its


                          SHARON MANUFACTURING COMPANY


                          By:                                                  
                             --------------------------------------------------
                                  Its


                          WHITEHEAD ENGINEERED PRODUCTS


                          By:                                                  
                             --------------------------------------------------
                                  Its





                                       7
<PAGE>   10

                                   SCHEDULE I


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>                                                              
                                                                           PRINCIPAL AMOUNT
                       NAME OF                                              OF NOTES HELD
                 REGISTERED HOLDER                                          BY SUCH HOLDER
<S>                                                                           <C>


Principal Mutual Life Insurance Company                                      $20,000,000

The Mutual Life Insurance Company of New York                                 $9,000,000

MONY Life Insurance Company of America                                        $6,000,000

Financial Horizons Life Insurance Company                                     $2,000,000

Nationwide Life Insurance Company                                             $8,000,000


</TABLE>



                                       8
<PAGE>   11

                                   EXHIBIT A

                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES


         A.      The Company and each Subsidiary which is a party to any
Security Agreement represents and warrants to each Holder as follows:

                                                           
                                                           
                                                           
                 1.       Representations Contained in the Note Agreement.  The
representations and warranties contained in paragraphs 2 through 4 and
paragraphs 6 through 19 of Exhibit C to the Note Agreement and contained in the
Credit Agreement are, after giving effect to the First Amendment and the
transactions contemplated thereby, true and correct on and as of the date
hereof.

                 2.       Company Documents.  The execution and delivery of the
First Amendment, the Security Agreement to which the Company is a party and the
Intercreditor Agreement and compliance by the Company with all of the
provisions thereof -

                          (a)     are within the corporate powers of the
                 Company;

                          (b)     will not violate any provisions of any law or
                 any order of any court or governmental authority or agency and
                 will not conflict with or result in any breach of any of the
                 terms, conditions or provisions of, or constitute a default
                 under the Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws of the
                 Company or any indenture or other agreement or instrument to
                 which the Company is a party or by which it may be bound or
                 result in the imposition of any Liens or encumbrances on any
                 property of the Company (other than as expressly provided
                 therein); and

                          (c)     have been duly authorized by proper corporate
                 action on the part of the Company (no action by the
                 stockholders of the Company being required by law, by the
                 Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws of the Company or
                 otherwise), executed and delivered by the Company and the
                 First Amendment, the Security Agreement to which the Company
                 is a party and the Intercreditor Agreement constitute the
                 legal, valid and binding obligations, contracts and agreements
                 of the Company enforceable in accordance with their respective
                 terms.

                 3.       Subsidiary Documents.  (a)  The execution of each
Security Agreement by the Subsidiary which is or, with respect to the Foreign
Pledge Agreements, will be a party thereto and compliance by such Subsidiary
with all of the provisions of such Security Agreement -

                          (i)     are within the corporate powers of such
                 Subsidiary;

                          (ii)    will not violate any provisions of any law or
                 any order of any court or governmental authority or agency and
                 will not conflict with or result in any breach of any of the
                 terms, conditions or provisions of, or constitute a default
                 under the Articles of Incorporation or By-laws of such
                 Subsidiary or any indenture or other agreement or instrument
                 to which such Subsidiary is a party or by which it may be
                 bound or result in the imposition of any Liens or encumbrances
                 on any property of such Subsidiary (other than as expressly
                 provided therein); and

                          (iii)   has been or, with respect to the Foreign
                 Pledge Agreements, will be duly authorized by proper corporate
                 action on the part of such Subsidiary (no action by the
                 stockholders of such Subsidiary being required by law, by the
                 Articles of Incorporation or By-laws of such Subsidiary or
                 otherwise), and such Security Agreement has been or, with





                                      A-1
<PAGE>   12

                 respect to the Foreign Pledge Agreements, will constitute the
                 legal, valid and binding obligation, contract and agreement of
                 such Subsidiary enforceable in accordance with its terms.

                 4.       Governmental Consent.  No approval, consent or
withholding of objection on the part of any regulatory body, state, Federal or
local, is necessary in connection with (i) the execution and delivery by the
Company of the First Amendment, the Intercreditor Agreement or the Security
Agreement to which it is a party or compliance by the Company with any of the
provisions thereof or (ii) the execution and delivery by each Subsidiary of the
Security Agreement to which it is a party or compliance by such Subsidiary with
any of the provisions of such Security Agreement.

                 5.       Compliance with Law.  Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary (a) is in violation of any law, ordinance, franchise, governmental
rule or regulation to which it is subject; or (b) has failed to obtain any
license, permit, franchise or other governmental authorization necessary to the
ownership of its property or to the conduct of its business, which violation or
failure to obtain would materially adversely affect the business, prospects,
profits, properties or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and
its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, impair the ability of the Company to
perform its obligations contained in the First Amendment, the Security
Agreement to which the Company is a party or the Intercreditor Agreement or
impair the ability of any Subsidiary to perform its obligations under the
Security Agreement to which it is or, with respect to the Foreign Pledge
Agreements, will be a party.

                 6.       Perfection of Security Interest.  On and as of the
Amendment Closing Date, the Security Agreements and financing statements or
other notices with respect thereto have been executed and shall be in proper
form for filing or recordation in all the public offices wherein such filing or
recordation is necessary to perfect the liens and security interests of the
Collateral Agent in the property described therein (to the extent such liens
and security interests can be perfected by recordation or filing) as against
creditors of and purchasers from the Company and each Subsidiary which is a
party thereto, and the Security Agreements have created or, with respect to the
Foreign Pledge Agreements, will create valid and, upon such recordations and
filings and, with respect to the Pledged Domestic Shares and Pledged Foreign
Shares (as such terms are defined in the Security Agreements), possession of
such Pledge Domestic Shares and Pledged Foreign Shares by the Collateral Agent,
perfected priority liens on and security interests in, the right, title and
interest of the Company and each Subsidiary which is a party thereto in and to
the property described therein, effective as against creditors of and
purchasers from the Company and each Subsidiary which is or, with respect to
the Foreign Pledge Agreements, will be a party thereto.





                                      A-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.26
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.26
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.26


                                                               December 20, 1993

Mr. Michael A. Shope
Walbro Corporation
6242 Garfield
Cass City, MI 48726

Dear Mr. Shope:

         This agreement supersedes all prior agreements or contracts, both
written and oral, between the undersigned employee and Walbro concerning the
terms and conditions described hereunder. The parties specifically agree that
this agreement is the sole understanding between the parties concerning the
terms and conditions described herein.

         Walbro Corporation (hereinafter referred to as the "Company") is
desirous of retaining your services as Chief Financial Officer.

         1.  Commencing with your acceptance of this letter the Company hereby
agrees to employ you as Chief Financial Officer, a staff position reporting
directly to the President of the Company. As such, you will have the duties and
authority, and will render services, that the President and/or Board of
Directors of the Company may from time to time direct. Subject to the
provisions of paragraph 4, below, the term of this agreement shall be one year;
provided, however, that commencing on the date one year after the date of this
agreement and each anniversary date of the agreement thereafter, the term of
this agreement shall be automatically extended for one additional year, unless,
terminated in writing prior to the anniversary date of this agreement.

         2.  Your annual compensation while you are so employed will be at the
base rate of not less than $125,000 per annum, payable semi-monthly. It is
recognized that as President, I may from time to time review the compensation
to be paid to you hereunder during the initial term and any renewal term and
increase the compensation in such amounts as may be proper.

         3.  In addition to the base compensation, you will continue to be
entitled to the following benefits:

         a.  a minimum of three weeks paid vacation;

         b.  the use of a vehicle leased by the Company on your behalf;

         c.  coverage under the Company's "Choice" and "Advantage" Plans;

         d.  subject to satisfactory review by June 30, 1994, participation in
         the Walbro Corporation Equity Based Long Term Incentive Plan, a
         summary of which is set forth in Exhibit A attached hereto and hereby
         incorporated by reference (it is recognized that the opportunity to
         participate in this incentive plan carries with it corresponding
         accountability and an expectation of minimum, or  threshold, financial
         results);

         e.  participation in such other standard benefits customarily provided
         to the Company's executives of your rank.
<PAGE>   2
         4.  If during the initial term of this agreement or a renewal term,
your employment is terminated by the Company other than as a result of your (i)
Disability; or (ii) for Cause, then you shall be entitled to a severance
benefit which, when added to the sum payable to you, for any unexpired portion
of the term of this Agreement or renewal of it, shall be equal to the rate of
annual base compensation being paid to you at the date notice is given to you
("Total Termination Pay"). The Total Termination Pay shall be payable in equal
semi-monthly installments. The Total Termination Pay hereunder shall be offset
by the amount of compensation received by you from any and all other employers,
independent contracting or consulting arrangements during the twelve months
immediately following the date notice of termination is given to you by the
Company.

         In the event you become entitled to and receive Total Termination Pay
under this paragraph, the Company's duties and obligations under paragraph 1
shall cease. It is further understood and agreed that if your employment is
terminated following a Change in Control with the result that you are entitled
to receive severance compensation or consulting fees under the terms of the
SEVERANCE COMPENSATION AND CONSULTING AGREEMENT between you and the Company
dated as of the date of your employment hereunder (the "Change of Control
Agreement"), then this agreement shall have no effect, and the Change of
Control Agreement shall control.

         5.  If you die or become Disabled, the term of this agreement shall
end with the last day of the month following the month in which such death or
Disability shall occur, and you shall receive no other benefits under paragraph
4 of this Agreement.

         6.  If during the initial term of this Agreement or a renewal term
your employment is terminated for Cause, as that term is defined in Paragraph 7
of this Agreement, this Agreement will terminate immediately and, subsequent to
the date of your termination, you will be entitled to no payments or benefits
of any kind under this Agreement except as required by law.

         7.  For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms whenever used
in the following capitalized form shall have the meaning set forth below:

         a.  "Cause" means 1) an act or acts of dishonesty by you constituting
         a felony under applicable law and resulting or intending to result
         directly or indirectly in gain or personal enrichment of you at the
         expense of the Company; and/or 2) gross negligence or willful
         misconduct on your part in the performance of your duties.

         b.  "Disability" or "Disabled" means an incapacity due to physical or
         mental illness, which renders you unable to engage in an  occupation
         or employment substantially similar in nature to the employment in
         which you were engaged at the time of the illness and such condition
         is expected to continue indefinitely or for a substantial period of
         time.

         c.   For purposes of this Agreement, the delivery by the Company of
         notice pursuant to paragraph 1 that the term of this agreement will
         not be extended another year shall be deemed a termination under
         paragraph 4 entitling you to severance pay.
<PAGE>   3
         8.  This Agreement shall be binding on the Company and any successor
company into or with which the Company may be merged, consolidated, or to which
it may sell or distribute, by way of liquidation or otherwise, substantially
all of its assets.

         9.  It is recognized by you that by accepting this assignment and
entering into this Agreement, provided the Company honors its promise to pay
you under Paragraph 4, the Company has no duty to renew this agreement beyond
its initial term or any renewal term. The Company in its sole discretion and
for any reason can choose during the term of this Agreement or any renewal term
to give notice under Paragraph 1 of its decision not to renew the Agreement and
thereby terminate your employment at the end of the term in question. Finally
you understand that if you voluntarily quit your employment you will be
entitled to no payments or benefits of any kind under the Agreement subsequent
to the date of your voluntary termination except as required by law.

         If you agree with the foregoing please sign the duplicate original of
this letter where indicated below and return it to me.


                                        Sincerely,




                                        /s/ L. E. Althaver                   
                                        -------------------------------------
                                        L.E. Althaver, Chairman, President
                                        and Chief Executive Officer

         I hereby agree with and accept the foregoing offer of employment and I
have signed this duplicate original this 20th day of December, 1993.



                                        /s/ Michael A. Shope                 
                                        -------------------------------------
                                        Michael A. Shope
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.27
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.27
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.27


                           SEVERANCE COMPENSATION AND
                              CONSULTING AGREEMENT
                         dated as of December 20, 1993
               between WALBRO CORPORATION, a Delaware Corporation
                     (the "Company"), and MICHAEL A. SHOPE,
                               (the "Executive")


         The Company's Board of Directors has determined that, in light of the
importance of the Executive's continued service to the stability and continuity
of management of the Company and its subsidiaries, it is appropriate and in the
best interests of the Company and its shareholders to reinforce and encourage
the Executive's continued attention and undistracted dedication to his duties
in the circumstances of a possible Change in Control of the Company (as defined
below).

         The Company's Board of Directors has determined that in order to
induce the Executive to remain in the employ of the Company, and to assist in
assuring the Executive of a continuation in the management style and operating
terms and conditions currently in effect at the Company, it is desirable to pay
the Executive the severance pay and benefits set forth herein if the
Executive's employment with the Company terminates following a Change in
Control of the Company.

         The Company's Board of Directors has determined, in certain events
following a termination of the Executive's employment subsequent to a Change in
Control, it would be desirable to utilize the valuable knowledge and experience
which the Executive possesses by retaining the Executive as a consultant to the
Company.

         In consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual covenants
contained in this Agreement, the Company and the Executive agree as follows:

         1. Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms
whenever used in the following capitalized form shall have the meaning set
forth below unless the context clearly indicates otherwise:

         (a) "Board" or "Board of Directors" means the Board of Directors of
the Company.

         (b) "Cause" means an act or acts of dishonesty by the Executive
         constituting a felony under applicable law and resulting or intending
         to result directly or indirectly in gain to or personal enrichment of
         the Executive at the Company's expense. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
         the Executive shall not be deemed to have been terminated for Cause
         unless and until there shall have been delivered to him a copy of a
         resolution, duly adopted by the affirmative vote of not less than a
         majority of the entire membership of the Board of Directors of the
         Company at a meeting of the Board called and held for that purpose
         (after reasonable notice to him has been given or has been made and an
         opportunity for him, together with his counsel, to be heard before the
         Board), finding that in the good faith opinion of the Board the
         Executive was guilty of conduct set forth above in the first sentence
         of this Section l(b) and specifying the particulars
<PAGE>   2
         thereof in detail.

         (c) "Change in Control" shall be deemed to have occurred on the first
         of any of the following dates:

                          (1) on the date any individual, entity, or group
                 (within the meaning of Sections 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the
                 Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange
                 Act") ("Person")) shall become the beneficial owner (within
                 the meaning of Rule 13(d)-3 promulgated under the Exchange
                 Act) of securities of the Company representing thirty percent
                 or more of the Company's then outstanding securities having
                 the right to vote in the election offer, open market
                 purchases, privately negotiated purchases or otherwise;
                 provided, however, that the following acquisitions shall not
                 be considered in determining whether there has been a Change
                 in Control: (a) any acquisition directly from the Company; (b)
                 any acquisition by the Company; (c) any acquisition by a
                 Person including the Executive or with whom or with which the
                 Executive is affiliated; (d) any acquisition by a Person or
                 Persons one or more of which is a member of the Board of
                 Directors or an officer of the Company or an affiliate of any
                 of the foregoing on the date hereof; (e) any acquisition by
                 any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or
                 maintained by . the Company or any corporation controlled by
                 the Company; or (f) any acquisition by any corporation
                 pursuant to a reorganization, merger, consolidation, if
                 following such reorganization, merger or consolidation, the
                 conditions described in clauses (A), (B) and (C) of Subsection
                 (2) of this Section (c) are satisfied; or

                          (2) on the date of a reorganization, merger or
                 consolidation, in each case, unless, following such
                 reorganization, merger or consolidation, (A) more than 60% of
                 the then outstanding securities having the right to vote in
                 the election of directors of the corporation resulting from
                 such reorganization, merger or consolidation is then
                 beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by all or
                 substantially all of the individuals vi 1 c ;and entities who
                 were the beneficial owners of the outstanding securities
                 having the right to vote in the election of directors of the
                 Company immediately prior to such reorganization, merger of
                 consolidation, (B) no Person (excluding the Company, any
                 employee benefit plan (or related trust) of the Company or
                 such corporation resulting from such reorganization, merger or
                 consolidation and any Person beneficially owning, immediately
                 prior to such reorganization, merger or consolidation,
                 directly or indirectly, 30% or more of the outstanding
                 securities having the right to vote in the election of
                 directors of the Company) beneficially owns, directly or
                 indirectly, 30t or more of the then outstanding securities
                 having the right to vote in the election of directors of the
                 corporation resulting from such reorganization, merger or
                 consolidation, and (C) at least a majority of the members of
                 the board of directors of the corporation resulting from such
                 reorganization, merger or consolidation are Continuing
                 Directors at the time of the execution of the initial
                 agreement providing for such reorganization, merger or
<PAGE>   3
                 consolidation: or

                          (3) the date on which the shareholders of the Company
                 approve (A) a complete liquidation or dissolution of the
                 Company or (B) the sale or other disposition of all or
                 substantially all of the assets of the Company, other than to
                 a corporation, with respect to which following such sale or
                 other disposition, (1) more than 60t of the then
                 outstanding-securities having the right to vote in the
                 election of directors of such corporation is then beneficially
                 owned, directly or indirectly, by all or substantially all of
                 the individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners of
                 the outstanding securities having the right to vote in the
                 election of directors of the Company immediately prior to such
                 sale or other disposition of such outstanding securities, (2)
                 no Person (excluding the Company and any employee benefit plan
                 (or related trust) of the Company or such corporation and any
                 Person beneficially owning, immediately prior to such sale or
                 other disposition, directly or indirectly, 30% or more of the
                 outstanding securities having the right to vote in the
                 election of directors of the Company) beneficially owns,
                 directly or indirectly, 30t or more of the then outstanding
                 securities having the right to vote in the election of
                 directors of such corporation and (3) at least a majority of
                 the members of the board of directors of such corporation are
                 Continuing Directors at the time of the execution of the
                 initial agreement or action of  the Board providing for such
                 sale or other disposition of assets of the Company.

                          (4) on the date, during any period of twenty-four
                 (24) consecutive months commencing on or after the close of
                 business on February 26, 1990, on which individuals who at the
                 beginning of such period constitute the entire board of
                 directors of the Company shall cease for any reason to
                 constitute a majority thereof unless the election, or the
                 nomination for election, by the Company's stockholders, of
                 each new director was approved by a vote of at least
                 two-thirds of the Continuing Directors, as hereinafter
                 defined, in office on the date of such election or nomination
                 for election for the new director. For purposes hereof, a
                 "Continuing Director" shall mean:

                                  (i) any member of the board of directors of
                          the Company at the close of business on February 26,
                          1990; or

                                  (ii) any member of the board of directors of
                          the Company who succeeded any Continuing Director
                          described in subparagraph (i) above if such
                          successor's election, or nomination for election by
                          the Company's stockholders, was approved by a vote of
                          at least two-thirds of the Continuing Directors then
                          still in office


                 Continuing Director shall not include any individual whose
                 initial assumption of office occurs as a result of either an
                 actual or threatened election contest (as such term is used in
                 Rule 14a-11 of Regulation 14A
<PAGE>   4
                 promulgated under the Exchange Act) or other actual or
                 threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf
                 of a Person other than the Board.

         (d) "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and in
effect from time to time.

         (e) "Compensation" means payments in the nature of compensation that
arise out of an employment relationship or are associated with the performance
of services and that are (i) paid or payable by the Company or any other entity
to the extent permitted or required by Section 280G of the Code and the
regulations thereunder and (ii) includible in the gross income of the
Executive; provided that compensation is the maximum amount of compensation
that would be calculated with respect to the Executive under Section 280G and
the regulations thereunder if the Change in Control under this Agreement were a
change in control under Section 280G and the regulations thereunder. In the
event that Section 2(d) of this Agreement applies to the Executive,
Compensation under this Section l(e) shall not exceed the Executive's annual
compensation as determined under Department of Labor Regulation Section
2510.3-2(b).

         (f) "Disability" means an incapacity due to physical or mental
illness, which renders the Executive unable to engage in an occupation or
employment substantially similar in nature to the employment in which he was
engaged at the time of the illness and such condition is expected to continue
indefinitely or for a substantial period of time.

         (h) "Good Reason" means any of the following events unless it occurs
with the Executive's express prior written consent:

                 (i) the assignment to the Executive by the Company of any
         duties inconsistent with, or a diminution of, the Executive's
         position, duties, titles, offices, responsibilities and status with
         the Company, including without limitation, any diminution of the
         Executive's position or responsibility in the decision or management
         processes of the Company in effect, immediately prior to a Change in
         Control of the Company, or any removal of the Executive from, or any
         failure to reelect the Executive to, any of such positions, except in
         connection with the termination of the Executive's employment for
         Disability, Retirement or Cause or as a result of the Executive's
         death or by the Executive other than for Good Reason;

                 (ii) a reduction by the Company in the Executive's base salary
         as in effect on the date hereof or as the same may be increased from
         time to time during the term of this Agreement or the Company's
         failure to increase (within twelve months of the Executive's last
         increase in base salary) the Executive's base salary after a Change in
         Control of the Company in an amount which is substantially similar, on
         a percentage basis, to the Executive's last increase in base salary
         prior to the Change in Control, other than (1) a reduction of the
         Executive's base salary pursuant to the terms of the Company's
         short-term disability plan or long-term disability plan during a
         period in which the Executive
<PAGE>   5
         is disabled (within the meaning of such plan or plans) and qualifies
         for benefits under such plan or plans; or (2) a reduction of the
         Executive's base salary in connection with the termination of the
         Executive's employment for Disability, Retirement or Cause, or as a
         result of the Executive's death or by the Executive other than for
         Good Reason;

                 (iii) any failure by the Company to continue in effect any
         benefit plan or arrangement (including, without limitation, the
         Company's pension plan, profit sharing or stock bonus plan, the
         portion of any such plan which includes a cash or deferred arrangement
         described in Section 401(k) of the Code, group life insurance plan,
         medical, dental, accident and disability plans and annual social
         events in which the Executive is participating or eligible to
         participate or is an invitee at the time of a Change in Control of the
         Company) (or to substitute and continue other plans providing the
         Executive with substantially similar benefits) (hereinafter referred
         to as "Benefit Plans"), or the taking of any action by the Company
         which would adversely affect the Executive's participation in or
         materially reduce the Executive's benefits under any such Benefit Plan
         or deprive the Executive of any material fringe benefit enjoyed by the
         Executive at the time of a Change in Control of the Company, or the
         failure, by the Company to provide the Executive with the number of
         paid vacation days to which the Executive is entitled or may become
         entitled upon the passage of time, in accordance with the vacation
         policies in effect at the time of a Change in Control of the Company;

                 (iv) any failure by the Company to continue in effect any
         incentive plan or arrangement (including, without limitation, the
         Company's incentive compensation -plan, annual bonus and contingent
         bonus arrangements and credits and the right to receive performance
         awards and similar incentive compensation benefits) in which the
         Executive is participating at the time of a Change in Control of the
         Company (or to substitute and continue other plans or arrangements
         providing the Executive with substantially similar benefits)
         (hereinafter referred to as "Incentive Plans" or the taking of any
         action by the Company which would adversely affect the Executive's
         participation in any such Incentive Plan or reduce the Executive's
         benefits under any such Incentive Plan;

                 (v) any failure by the Company to continue in effect any plan
         or arrangement to receive securities of the Company and any other plan
         or arrangement to receive and exercise stock options, stock
         appreciation rights, restricted stock or grants thereof or to acquire
         stock or other securities of the Company) in which the Executive is
         participating at the time of a Change in Control of the Company (or to
         substitute and continue plans or arrangements providing the Executive
         with substantially similar benefits) (hereinafter referred to as
         "Securities Plans") or the taking of any action by the Company which
         would adversely affect the Executive's participation in or materially
         reduce the Executive's benefits under any such Securities Plan;

                 (vi) a relocation of the Company's principal executive offices
         or the Executive's relocation to any place other than the location at
         which the Executive performed the Executive's duties prior to a Change
         in Control of the
<PAGE>   6
         Company;

                 (vii) a substantial increase in business travel obligations
         over such obligations as they existed at the time of a Change in
         Control of the Company;

                 (viii) any material breach by the Company of any provision of
         this Agreement;

                 (ix) any failure by the Company to obtain the assumption of
         this Agreement by any successor or assignee of the Company;

                 (x) any purported termination of the Executive's employment
         which is not affected pursuant to the Company's stated policy at the
         time of the Change in Control;

                 (xi) any change in the procedure for evaluating the Executive
         relative to compensation, bonus or promotion;

                 (xii) any change in the employment security provisions of the
         Company's employment policy at the time of the Change in Control which
         results in such policy being less protective of the Executive's
         procedural or substantive rights; or

                 (xiii) any reduction or elimination of the rehabilitation,
         athletic or medical facilities maintained by the Company, or a
         reduction or elimination of the Executive's privileges with respect to
         such facilities.

         (i) "Retirement" as used in this Agreement shall mean termination by
the Company or the Executive of the Executive's employment based on (1) the
Executive's retirement in accordance with the Company's retirement policy in
effect immediately prior to the Change in Control, or (2) in the event the
Company has no retirement policy, the Executives commencing to receive benefits
under the Company's retirement or pension plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
Retirement shall not include for purposes of this Agreement, the Executive's
commencing to receive benefits under the Company's retirement or pension plan
if the Executive's employment was terminated by the Executive for Good Reason
or by the Company other than for Cause or not in accordance with the Company's
retirement policy as previously described.

2. Severance Compensation Upon Termination.

         (a) If the Executive's employment with the Company is terminated at
any time within the two year period immediately following the Change in Control
other than as a result of (i) the Executive's death; (ii) the Executive's
Disability; (iii) the Executive's Retirement; (iv) the Executive's termination
by the Company for Cause; (v) the Executive's decision to terminate employment
other than for Good Reason; or (vi) the Executive's decision to terminate
employment for any reason within ninety days after the Change in Control, then
the Executive shall be entitled to the severance pay and benefits provided
below:
<PAGE>   7
                 (i) The Company shall pay to the Executive as severance pay in
         a single sum, in cash, not later than the fifth business day following
         the termination of employment, an amount equal to three times the sum
         of the Executive's annual Compensation for the most recent five
         taxable years ending before the date on which the Change in Control
         occurs divided by five (or such number of years, if less than five,
         for which Compensation would be annualized under the next following
         sentence and during which the Executive performed personal services
         for the Company). If the Executive performed personal services for the
         Company for less than all of a taxable year prior to the Change in
         Control, the Executive's Compensation for such short taxable year
         shall be annualized before determining the amount under the preceding
         sentence.

                 (ii) The Company shall, at its expense, provide the Executive,
         for a period of thirty-six months following the date of the
         termination of employment, life, health, dental, long-term disability
         and accident insurance substantially similar to the insurance or
         benefits in effect and provided by the Company at the time of the
         Change in Control of the Company and all other benefits and
         perquisites substantially similar to those which the Executive was
         eligible to receive at the time of the Change in Control.

         (b) If the Executive's employment with the Company is terminated in
anticipation of a Change in Control or prior to the occurrence of a Change in
Control, and if it is reasonably demonstrated by the Executive that such
termination of employment (i) was at the request of a third party who has taken
steps reasonably calculated to affect the Change in Control or (ii) otherwise
arose in connection with or anticipation of the Change in Control, then the
Executive shall be entitled to the severance pay and benefits provided below:

                 (i) The Company shall pay to the Executive as severance pay in
         a single sum, in cash, not later than the fifth business day following
         the termination of employment, an amount equal to three times the sum
         of the Executive's annual Compensation for the most recent five
         taxable years ending on the date of termination divided by five (or
         such number of years, if less than five, for which Compensation would
         be annualized under the next following sentence and during which the
         Executive performed personal services for the Company). If the
         Executive performed personal services for the Company for less than
         all of a taxable year prior to the Change in Control, the Executive's
         Compensation for such short taxable year shall be annualized before
         determining the amount under the preceding sentence.

                 (ii) The Company shall, at its expense, provide the Executive,
         for a period of thirty-six months following the date of the
         termination of employment, life, health, dental, long-term disability
         and accident insurance substantially similar to the insurance or
         benefits in effect and provided by the Company at the time of the
         termination of employment and all other benefits and perquisites
         substantially similar to those which the Executive was eligible to
         receive at the time of the termination of employment.

         (c) If the amount of any payment under this Section 2 cannot or is 
not made by
<PAGE>   8
the date otherwise required, the Company shall pay to the Executive on such
required date an estimate, as determined in good faith by the Company, of the
minimum amount of such payment and shall pay the remainder (together with
interest at the rate provided in Section 7872(f)(2)(A) of the Code) as soon as
the amount thereof can be determined, but in no event later than thirty days
following the date the payment was otherwise required. In the event that the
amount of the estimated payment exceeds the amount subsequently determined to
have been due, such excess shall be paid by the Executive to the Company on the
fifth day following demand by the Company (together with interest at the rate
provided in Section 7872(f)(2)(A) of the Code).

         (d) In the event that this Agreement constitutes an employee pension
benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(2) of the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA") for an employee not included
in a select group of management or highly compensated employees, then the
severance pay and benefits under this Agreement shall be limited or reduced
until this Agreement shall not constitute an employee pension benefit plan for
an employee not included in a select group of management or highly compensated
employees within the meaning of ERISA.

3. Consulting Services.

         (a) If a Change in Control of the Company shall occur while the
         Executive is an employee of the Company and if the Executive's
         employment with the Company is terminated by the Executive subsequent
         to a Change in Control other than for Retirement or Good Reason and
         has not or could not have been terminated at that time by the Company
         for Cause, death or Disability, the Executive shall have the right,
         upon written notice to the Company within thirty days following the
         termination of employment, to continue as a consultant to the Company
         for a period of one year, commencing on the date the notice of the
         election to render such services is delivered to the Company.
         Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Executive's employment with the
         Company is terminated by the Executive less than ninety days after the
         Change in Control for any reason, the Executive shall not have the
         right to continue as a consultant to the Company as provided in this
         Section 3. During the one-year consulting period, the Executive shall
         be regarded as an independent contractor and not as an employee of the
         Company and shall render advisory services concerning the business
         affairs of the Company with which the Executive shall have had
         substantial familiarity in the course of his prior employment
         responsibilities. During the one-year consulting period, the Executive
         shall not be required to devote more than one day each week and three
         days each calendar month to such services, and shall not be required
         to render any services at a distance of more than fifty miles from his
         then home, it being understood that the Executive may move from the
         area in which he presently resides. The Executive's consulting
         services under this Agreement shall be required only at times and
         places consistent with his other employment or with his private
         activities.

         (b) In consideration for the Executive's agreement to provide
         consulting services, the Company shall pay to the Executive not later
         than the fifth day following the date the Executive provides notice
         under Section 3(a) an amount equal to the Executive's base salary
         (determined on an annual basis using the
<PAGE>   9
         rate in effect on the date of the termination of employment) plus
         bonus; provided, however, that if the Executive's base salary or bonus
         cannot be finally determined on or before such day, the Company shall
         pay to the Executive on such day the estimated minimum amount of such
         compensation, as determined in good faith by the Company and (i) the
         Company shall pay to the Executive any deficiency in such estimated
         amount as soon as it can be finally determined but in no event later
         than the thirtieth day after the date of termination or (ii) the
         Executive shall repay to the Company, not later than the fifth day
         after demand by the Company, any excess of such estimated amount over
         the Executive's compensation as finally determined (in each case,
         together with interest at the rate provided in Section 7872(f)(2)(A)
         of the Code.)

         (c) The Company shall, at its expense, provide the Executive, for the
         one-year consulting period, life, health, dental, long-term disability
         and accident insurance substantially similar to the insurance in
         effect and provided by the Company at the time of the election to
         render consulting services and all other benefits and perquisites
         substantially similar to those which the Executive was eligible to
         receive immediately prior to the election.

         4.  Term of Agreement. This Agreement shall terminate, except to the
extent that any obligation of the Company hereunder remains unpaid as of such
time and until such obligation is satisfied, two years from the date hereof. It
is provided, however, that commencing on the date two years after the date of
this Agreement and each anniversary date of the Agreement thereafter, the term
of this Agreement shall be automatically extended for one additional year,
unless, not later than six months prior to the date two years after the date of
this Agreement or any subsequent anniversary date, the Company shall have
delivered to the Executive or the Executive shall have delivered to the Company
written notice that the term of this Agreement will not be extended.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall this Agreement terminate prior
to two years after a Change in Control if the Executive is employed by the
Company on the date of such Change in Control; provided that any obligation of
the Executive or the Company arising under Section 3 shall continue until the
Executive has rendered all services required thereunder and the Company has
paid for all services thereunder.

         5.  No Obligation to Mitigate Damages: No Effect on Other Contractual
Rights.

                 (a) The Executive shall not be required to mitigate damages or
         the amount of any payment provided for under this Agreement by seeking
         other employment or otherwise, nor shall the amount of any payment
         provided for under this Agreement be reduced by any compensation
         earned by the Executive as the result of employment by the Company at
         any time or by another employer after the date of termination or
         otherwise.

                 (b) The provisions of this Agreement, and any payment provided
         for hereunder, shall not reduce any amounts otherwise payable, or in
         any way diminish the Executive's existing rights, or rights which
         would accrue solely as a result of the passage of time, under any
         employment agreement contract, plan or arrangement to which the
         Executive is a party, a participant or a beneficiary.
<PAGE>   10
         6.  Enforcement of Agreement; Resolution of Disputes.

                 (a) The Company recognizes that in anticipation of a Change in
         Control or upon the occurrence of a Change in Control there may be an
         attempt to cause the Company to refuse to comply with its obligations
         under this Agreement, or to cause the Company to institute, or there
         may be instituted, litigation seeking to have this Agreement declared
         unenforceable, or there may be made an attempt to take other action to
         deny the Executive the benefits intended under this Agreement. In
         these circumstances, the purpose of this Agreement could be
         frustrated. It is the intent of the Company that the Executive not be
         required to incur the expenses associated with the enforcement of his
         rights under this Agreement by litigation or other legal action, or be
         bound to negotiate any settlement of his rights hereunder, because the
         cost and expense of such legal action or settlement would
         substantially detract from the benefits intended to be extended to the
         Executive hereunder. Accordingly, if it should appear to the Executive
         that the Company has failed to comply with any of its obligations
         under this Agreement or in the event that the Company or any other
         person takes any action to declare this Agreement void or
         unenforceable, or institutes any litigation or other legal action
         designed to deny, diminish or to recover from the Executive the
         benefits entitled to be provided to the Executive hereunder, and that
         Executive has complied with all of his obligations under this
         Agreement, the Company irrevocably authorizes the Executive from time
         to time to retain counsel of his choice, at the expense of the Company
         as provided in this Section 6, to represent the Executive in
         connection with the initiation or defense of any litigation or other
         legal action, whether such' action is by or against the Company or any
         Director, officer, shareholder or other person affiliated with the
         Company, in any jurisdiction.  Notwithstanding any existing or prior
         attorney-client relationship between the Company and such counsel, the
         Company irrevocably consents to the Executive entering into an
         attorney client relationship with such counsel, and in that connection
         the Company and the Executive agree that a confidential relationship
         shall exist between the Executive and such counsel. The reasonable
         fees and expenses of counsel selected from time to time by the
         Executive, as hereinabove provided, shall be paid or reimbursed to the
         Executive by the Company on a regular, periodic basis upon
         presentation by the Executive of a statement or statements prepared by
         such counsel in accordance with its customary practices, up to a
         maximum aggregate amount of $500,000. Any legal expenses incurred by
         the Company by reason of any dispute between the parties as to the
         enforceability of or 'the terms contained in this Agreement,
         notwithstanding the outcome of any such dispute, shall be the sole
         responsibility of the Company, and the Company shall not take any
         action to seek reimbursement from the Executive for such expenses.

                 (b) If there shall be any dispute between the Company and the
         Executive, then, unless and until there is a final, nonappealable
         judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction declaring that the
         Executive is not entitled to severance pay and benefits or to be a
         consultant under this Agreement, the Company shall pay all amounts,
         and provide all benefits, to the Executive and/or
<PAGE>   11
         the Executive's family or other beneficiaries, as the case may be,
         that the Company would be required to pay or provide pursuant to
         Section 2 or Section 3; provided, however, that the Company shall not
         be required to pay any disputed amounts pursuant to this Section
         except upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the Executive
         to repay all such amounts to which the Executive is ultimately
         adjudged by such court not to be entitled.

         7. Successor to the Company.

                 (a) The Company will require any successor or assign (whether
         direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise)
         to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the
         Company, by agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the
         Executive, expressly, absolutely and unconditionally to assume and
         agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same
         extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no such
         succession or assignment had taken place. As used in this Agreement,
         the term "Company" shall mean the Company, as hereinbefore defined,
         and any successor or assign to its business and/or assets 2S aforesaid
         which executes and delivers the agreement provided for in this Section
         7 or which otherwise becomes bound by all the terms and provisions of
         this Agreement by operation of law. If at any time during the term of
         this Agreement the Executive is employed by any corporation, a
         majority of the voting securities of which is then owned by the
         Company, the term "Company" as used in this Agreement, except as used
         in Section l(c) hereof, prior to a Change in Control, shall also
         include such employer. In such event, the Company agrees that it shall
         pay or shall cause such employer to pay any amounts owed to the
         Executive pursuant to this Agreement.

                 (b) This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be
         enforceable by the Executive's personal and legal representatives,
         executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devises
         and legatees. If the Executive shall die while any amounts are still
         payable to him hereunder, all such amounts, unless otherwise provided
         herein, shall be paid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement
         to the Executive's devisee, legatee, or other designee or, if there be
         no such designee, to the Executive's estate.

         8. Obligation of Executive to Provide Notice of Entitlement. Prior to
providing the severance pay and benefits described in Section 2, the Company
may require the Executive to submit a written notice indicating the facts and
circumstances on which he has determined that he is entitled to severance pay
and benefits under the Agreement'. If the Company determines that the Executive
is not entitled to severance pay and benefits under the Agreement, the
Executive may request the Company to provide a written notice indicating the
facts and circumstances on which the Company has determined that the Executive
is not entitled to severance pay and benefits under the Agreement. The failure
by the Executive or the Company to set forth in the written notice any fact or
circumstance which contributes to a showing of Good Reason or Cause shall not
waive any right of the Executive or the Company from asserting such fact or
circumstance in enforcing the Executive's or the Company's rights hereunder.
<PAGE>   12
         9. Notice. For purposes of this Agreement, notices and all other
communications provided for in the Agreement shall be in writing and shall be
deemed to have been duly given when mailed by first-class mail, postage
prepaid, transmitted by customary electronic methods, delivered by courier or
personally delivered, addressed as follows:

                          If to the Company:

                          Walbro Corporation
                          6242 Garfield Street
                          Cass City, MI 48726

                          Attention: Secretary of the Company

                          If to the Executive:

                          Michael A. Shope
                          Walbro Corporation
                          6242 Garfield
                          Cass City, MI  48726

or such other address as either party may have furnished to the other in
writing in accordance herewith, except that notices of change of address shall
be effective only upon receipt.

         10. Source of Payment. The obligation of the Company under this
Agreement shall be satisfied from the general funds of the Company, and no
special or separate funds shall be established and no other segregation of
assets shall be made to assure payment.  The Executive shall have no right,
title, or interest whatever in or to any investments which the Company may make
to aid the Company in meeting its obligations hereunder. Nothing contained in
this Agreement, and no action taken pursuant to its provisions, shall create or
be construed to create a trust of any kind, or a fiduciary relationship,
between the Company and the Executive. To the extent that the Executive
acquires a right to receive payments from the Company hereunder, such right
shall be no greater than the right of an unsecured creditor of the Company. The
Board of Directors may in its discretion establish one or more irrevocable
letters of credit, surety bonds, or trusts for the purpose of assisting the
Company in fulfilling its obligation hereunder provided that such letters of
credit, surety bonds or trusts shall be subject to the general creditors of the
Company in the event of the Company's insolvency to be used as a reserve for
the discharge of the Company's obligations under the Agreement to the
Executive.  Any payments made to the Executive under the separate letter of
credit, surety bond or trust for his benefit shall reduce dollar for dollar the
amount payable to the Executive from the general assets of the Company. The
amounts payable under the Agreement shall be reflected on the accounting
records of the Company but shall not be construed to create or require the
creation of a trust, custodial or escrow account, except as described above in
this section.

         11. Mitigation of Excise Tax. If any severance pay or benefits payable
under this Agreement (without the application of this Section 11), either alone
or together with other payments pursuant to any agreement, plan or arrangement
with the Company
<PAGE>   13
("Total Payments"), would constitute a "parachute payment" (as defined in
Section 280G of the Code and regulations thereunder), such severance pay or
benefits payable under this Agreement shall be reduced until no portion of the
Total Payments is not deductible as a result of Section 280G of the Code and
regulations thereunder or the severance pay and benefits provided in this
Agreement are reduced to zero. In the event that the severance pay and benefits
payable to the Executive under this Agreement are reduced in accordance with
the foregoing sentence, the Executive shall elect whether either the severance
pay or benefits (or a combination thereof) is reduced, unless the total
severance pay and benefits is to be reduced to zero. The determination of
whether the severance pay and benefits payable to the Executive are to be
reduced under this Section 11 shall be made by the Executive in good faith
after consultation with the Company. The Company shall cooperate in good faith
with the Executive in making such determination and in providing the
information necessary for such determination. For purposes of this Section 11,
no portion of the Total Payments the receipt or enjoyment of which the
Executive shall have effectively waived in writing prior to the Company
providing the severance pay and benefits shall be taken into account. The
provisions of this Section 11 shall apply to the Executive only if (a) the
Executive's Total Payments reduced (i) by federal excise tax imposed by Section
4999 of the Code, (ii) by federal income taxes and (iii) by state and local
income and excise taxes do not exceed (b) the Executive's Total Payments
reduced (i) in accordance with the provisions of this Section 11, (ii) by
federal income taxes and (iii) by state and local income and excise taxes.

         12. Miscellaneous. No provisions of this Agreement may be modified,
waived or discharged unless such waiver, modification or discharge is agreed to
in writing and signed by the Executive and the Company. No waiver by either
party hereto at the time of any breach by the other party hereto of, or
compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed
by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of similar of dissimilar
provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or subsequent time. No
agreements or representations, oral or otherwise, express or implied, with
respect to the subject matter hereof have been made by either party which are
not set forth expressly in this Agreement. This Agreement shall be governed by
and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Michigan, except its
law respecting choice of law.

         13. Validity. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of
this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other
provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the
date first above written.

EXECUTIVE                                   WALBRO CORPORATION



/s/ Michael A. Shope                        By: /s/ L. E. Althaver
- --------------------                            ------------------
Michael A. Shope                                L.E. Althaver, Chairman
Chief Financial Officer                         President & CEO
                                            
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.30
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.30
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                  EXHIBIT 10.30



                            JOINT VENTURE AGREEMENT


         This Joint Venture Agreement (the "Agreement") is entered into on
November 28, 1995, between WALBRO AUTOMOTIVE CORPORATION, a Delaware
corporation whose registered office is located at Auburn Hills, Michigan 48326
USA ("Walbro"), and MUTUAL INDUSTRIES LTD., a company incorporated under the
laws of India, whose registered office is located at 47 Government Industrial
Estate, Charkop, Kandivili (W) Bombay-400067 ("Mutual").  Mutual is a
subsidiary of Gandhi Sons Group, a company incorporated under the laws of India
("GSG").  Walbro and Mutual are sometimes referred to as a Party and
collectively referred to as "the Parties".


                                R E C I T A L S:

         A.      Walbro designs and manufactures fuel storage and delivery
subsystems as original equipment for application on automotive electronic fuel
injection systems throughout the world.

         B.      Mutual and its affiliates design and manufacture various
products utilizing plastic injection molding throughout India.

         C.      Walbro has advanced technology with respect to plastic blow
molded manufacturing techniques, including fuel tanks, filler pipes and other
automotive, truck and agricultural products.

         D.      Walbro has worldwide automotive and truck customers which have
requested it operate a manufacturing facility in India for sales in India.

         E.      In light of the foregoing, the Parties desire to utilize their
respective strengths by establishing a Joint Venture (the "JV"), to be jointly
owned by Walbro and Mutual, to develop, manufacture and market fuel tanks,
filler pipes and other plastic blow molded products  in the automotive, truck,
agriculture and any other markets ("JV Products").

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual
covenants and undertakings provided herein, the Parties agree as follows:


                                   ARTICLE I
                              FORMATION OF THE JV

         1.1     INCORPORATION.  The Parties will cause the incorporation and
registration of the JV as a private limited company ("PLC") organized under the
laws of India.  The JV shall be registered in the state of Maharashtra and its
registered office shall be at 47 Government Industrial Estate, Charkop
Kandivili (W) Bombay - 400067 India.  The Articles of Association

<PAGE>   2


and Memorandum of Association for the JV (collectively the "Articles") shall be
substantially in the form of EXHIBIT 1.1(A) AND (B) attached hereto.

         1.2     OWNERSHIP.  The equity interest in the JV ("Equity Interest")
will be owned by the Parties based on their percentage share of capital
contributions which is 50.1% for Walbro and 49.9% for Mutual, as set forth in
SECTION 2.1 ("Capital Percentages").  Such Capital Percentages may be adjusted
upon agreement of the parties subject to appropriate governmental approval.

         1.3     PURPOSE.  The purpose of the JV will be to develop,
manufacture and market fuel tanks, filler pipes and other plastic blow molded
products in the automotive, truck, agricultural and any other markets ("JV
Products") in the JV Territory.  Except as expressly provided in SECTION 4.3,
the JV will be the exclusive vehicle through which each of the Parties and its
affiliates develops, manufactures and markets JV Products in the JV Territory.
It is intended that the JV shall be a self-sufficient and autonomous entity
with its own plant, assets and employees.

         1.4     TERRITORY.  The designated market for the JV (the "JV
Territory") will be India.

         1.5     NAME.  The Parties agree that the JV shall operate under the
name Mutual Walbro P. Ltd. or such other name as chosen by the Board.  Walbro
shall license the JV the right to the use of the name Walbro pursuant to the
Name License Agreement in the form of EXHIBIT 1.5.  The Articles shall include
name protection provisions for the benefit of Walbro.

         1.6.    ACCEPTANCE.  The Parties agree to cause the JV to accept and
adopt this Agreement.

                                   ARTICLE II
                      CAPITALIZATION AND FUNDING OF THE JV

         2.1     CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS.  The JV will be formed and capitalized
as follows:

                 (a)      The initial capitalization of the JV shall be
         $2,000,000 (70,000,000 rupees) of equity.  The above amounts shall be
         contributed in cash to the JV by the Parties in proportion to their
         respective Capital Percentages.

                 (b)      The equity contributions constituting the initial
         capitalization shall be made at such times as requested by the Board.

         2.2     OPERATING DEFICITS.  Operating deficits of the JV beyond those
provided for in the initial capitalization or needs for additional working
capital will be funded by the Parties in proportion to their respective Capital
Percentages.  Unless otherwise agreed at the time of funding, such deficits
will be funded by loans from the Parties.





                                      -2-
<PAGE>   3

         2.3     SUBSEQUENT CAPITAL OR LOANS.  Additional capital requirements
contemplated by the Business Plan will be made by the Parties in proportion to
their respective Capital Percentages.  No additional capital contributions or
loans other than those contemplated by the Business Plan will be required
unless approved by both Parties.


                                  ARTICLE III
                              GOVERNANCE OF THE JV

         The Parties agree that the JV will be governed substantially as set
forth below, and that these governance provisions are for the direct benefit of
the JV and its business.  The Parties further agree: (a) that the JV Articles
will be structured to reflect this governance to the fullest extent permitted
under applicable law; and (b) that, in the event of a conflict between the
Articles and the following provisions, the following provisions will prevail to
the extent such a result is not directly contrary to applicable public policy.

         3.1     MANAGEMENT TEAM.  The day-to-day operations of the JV will be
conducted by a Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and his staff.  The CEO and key
management people will be appointed by the Board of Directors.  The initial
Board of Directors will be Richard H. Whitehead, III and D.K. Gandhi.

         3.2     BOARD OF DIRECTORS.

                 3.2.1    COMPOSITION.  The JV will have a Board of Directors
(the "Board") comprised of two persons.  Mutual will designate one member (the
"Mutual Member"), and Walbro will designate one member (the "Walbro Member").
Each of the Parties shall support the other's choices.  The initial members
shall be listed in the Articles.  The Board will elect the Chairman who will be
a designee of Walbro.  Members of the Board shall be designated by Notice and
will serve until replaced by the Party so designating.  The Parties may each
designate an alternative director to attend meetings and exercise the powers of
a regular Board Member which alternative directors shall be appointed by the
Board.

                 3.2.2    ROUTINE DECISIONS BY THE BOARD.  For all matters
other than those set forth in SECTION 3.2.3:

                 (a)      meetings shall be held at least four times annually
         on a quarterly basis and each member shall be given seven days'
         written notice (with acknowledgement of receipt) of any meeting of the
         Board;

                 (b)      attendance in person at such a meeting, without
         written objection to lack of sufficient notice, waives this notice
         requirement;

                 (c)      two members shall constitute a quorum;





                                      -3-
<PAGE>   4

                 (d)      the vote of a majority of all members present in
         person shall be decisive;

                 (e)      the vote of the Chairman will be decisive in a tie
         vote; and

                 (f)      whenever necessary under Indian law, decisions of the
         Board shall be confirmed by a general shareholder meeting.

         3.2.3   SPECIAL MATTERS.  With respect to each of the following
situations, the Board will not have the power to act unless all Members vote in
favor of a resolution; and whenever necessary under Indian law, decisions of
the Board shall be confirmed by a general shareholder meeting.

                 (a)      payment of a dividend other than from current year's
         earnings;

                 (b)      approval, ratification or substantial change of the
         operating budget of the JV, including without limitation, the capital
         expenditures, additions or improvements for the year;

                 (c)      approval, ratification or substantial change of the
         Business Plan;

                 (d)      sale of substantially all of the assets of the JV;

                 (e)      authorization or approval of a merger, consolidation
         or a material change in the capital structure of the JV;

                 (f)      creation or incurrence of indebtedness for borrowed
         money if, after giving effect to the creation of such indebtedness,
         the total amount of the JV's indebtedness for borrowed money will
         exceed $2,000,000, except unsecured current liabilities incurred in
         the ordinary course of business;

                 (g)      creation or incurrence of any mortgage, pledge, lien,
         charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets now owned or
         hereinafter acquired by the JV except for (i) mortgages, pledges,
         liens, charges or encumbrances on, and incurred at the time of and in
         connection with the acquisition of property acquired in the ordinary
         course of business, (ii) minor liens and encumbrances, and (iii) other
         liens and encumbrances for amounts not exceeding $2,000,000 in the
         aggregate at any one time outstanding;

                 (h)      making, ratifying or causing the JV to become a Party
         to a contract or commitment, or to renew, extend or modify any
         contract or commitment between the JV  and one of its equity holders
         or an "affiliate" of an equity holder which requires payment of an
         aggregate amount in excess of $250,000.  For purposes of this
         subsection, an "affiliate" will mean:





                                      -4-
<PAGE>   5

                          (i)     a company, domestic or foreign, of which an
                                  equity holder in the JV owns or controls,
                                  directly or indirectly, at least 25% of the
                                  assets, voting stock or capital;

                         (ii)     a company or individual, domestic or foreign,
                                  which owns or controls, directly or
                                  indirectly, at least 25% of the assets,
                                  voting stock or capital of an equity holder
                                  of the JV; or

                        (iii)     a company, domestic or foreign, under common
                                  control with an equity holder through direct
                                  or indirect ownership of at least 25% of the
                                  assets, voting stock or capital of that
                                  company.

                 (i)      material agreement or commitment to any matter
         required of the JV pursuant to a contract or agreement, including
         Ancillary Documents, with Mutual, Walbro or an affiliate (as that term
         is defined in subsection (h) above) of Mutual or Walbro, including the
         modification or termination of any existing contract;

                 (j)      agreement or commitment to purchase services, from
         Walbro, Mutual or their affiliates (as that term is defined in
         subsection (h) above); and

                 (k)      approval of the licensing or sublicensing of any
         technology, licensed by Walbro to the JV.

                 (l)      any amendment to the Articles.

In case of a deadlock over one or more of these issues, the provisions set
forth in SECTION 3.2.4 below will control.

         3.2.4   DEADLOCK.  The following sets forth the Parties' agreement
with respect to a deadlock situation.  In the event that:

                 (a)      either of Mutual or Walbro (in this subsection called
         "the First Party") gives written notice to the other Party (in this
         subsection called "the Second Party") specifying as subject to this
         subsection a resolution requiring the affirmative vote of a majority
         of the Board, or the unanimous approval of the shareholders, which
         resolution was previously put to and not passed by a meeting of the
         Board or shareholders, as applicable, because the Second Party or its
         designee Member present did not vote in favor of the resolution or
         voted against the resolution, or the Second Party or its designee
         Member were not present for the vote; and

                 (b)      such resolution is again put at another such meeting
         called within 30 days of the original meeting and the First Party or
         its designee Member present, as the case may be, votes for the
         resolution but the Second Party or its designee Member, as the case
         may be, does not vote or votes against the resolution, or the Second
         Party or its





                                      -5-
<PAGE>   6

         designee Member, as the case may be, are not present for the vote,
         then a deadlock situation will be deemed to have arisen.  Within seven
         days of such event arising, Walbro or Mutual, as the case may be, will
         prepare and circulate to the other a memorandum or other form of
         statement setting out its position on the matter in dispute and its
         reasons for adopting such position.  Each such memorandum or statement
         will be considered by the Chief Executive Officers of Mutual and of
         Walbro who will respectively use their reasonable efforts to resolve
         such dispute.

         If the Parties agree upon a resolution of the dispute, they will
jointly sign a statement setting forth the terms of such resolution and Walbro
and Mutual will exercise all voting rights and other powers of control
available to them in relation to the JV to procure that such resolution is
fully and promptly carried into effect.

         If a resolution of the dispute is not agreed upon within 30 days after
delivery of the memorandum or statements mentioned above or such longer period
as Walbro and Mutual may agree in writing, the JV will automatically terminate
as prescribed in ARTICLE VII.

         If a resolution is agreed upon by the Parties but is not implemented
by the JV within 60 days after such agreement, or such longer period as Walbro
and Mutual may agree in writing, the JV will automatically terminate as
prescribed in ARTICLE VII.

         3.3     SHAREHOLDERS MEETING.  The JV shall hold an annual
shareholders meeting in June, of each year at the offices of the JV or at such
other time and place as the Parties may agree, subject to the requirements of
the local law.  Special shareholders meeting can be held on seven days' written
notice at the request of the Board.  In all shareholder votes, a majority in
interest shall be decisive.  A quorum shall only exist if representatives of
both Parties are present.


                                   ARTICLE IV
                               CONDUCT OF THE JV

         4.1     BUSINESS PLAN.  A five-year business plan (the "Business
Plan") in the form attached as EXHIBIT 4.1 will be approved by the Board in
accordance with SECTION 3.2.3 and will be implemented by the management of the
JV.  The Business Plan will include initial and subsequent funding
requirements.  The Business Plan will be revised and updated on an annual basis
by the Board in accordance with SECTION 3.2.3.

         4.2     FACILITIES - MANUFACTURING.  The manufacturing facility for
the JV will be in Pune.  Construction of the facilities shall begin immediately
after the necessary government approvals have been received.  The JV will
provide customer application engineering and manufacturing technology with
substantial support from Walbro under the Engineering Support Agreement.  The
Parties acknowledge that fuel pumps and modules will be manufactured by Walbro
and sold to the JV for addition to fuel tank assemblies to be sold to customers
in India.





                                      -6-
<PAGE>   7


         4.3     EXCLUSIVITY.  Notwithstanding SECTION 1.3, Walbro may continue
its current practice of selling to U.S. aftermarket customers who export to the
JV Territory.  In addition, Walbro shall be permitted to enter into joint
ventures to develop, manufacture and market JV Products with other existing
joint venture partners or with affiliates of its customers in the JV Territory,
outside of a 300 mile radius of the JV facilities.

         4.4     CUSTOMER APPLICATION AND GENERAL ENGINEERING SUPPORT FROM
WALBRO.  The Business Plan provides for certain engineering services to be
provided to the JV by Walbro.  Walbro will provide such services to the JV
pursuant to a Customer Application and General Engineering Support Agreement in
substantially the form attached as EXHIBIT 4.4.

         4.5     INTERIM ENGINEERING SUPPORT FROM WALBRO.  The Business Plan
provides for certain engineering services to be provided to the JV by Walbro.
Walbro will provide such services to the JV pursuant to a Interim Engineering
Support Agreement in substantially the form attached as EXHIBIT 4.5.


                                   ARTICLE V
                                 WALBRO LICENSE

         Walbro will provide technology with respect to plastic molded products
to the JV via a non-exclusive license (the "Walbro License"), substantially in
the form of EXHIBIT 5.  The Walbro License shall provide that the sale of JV
Products will be on a royalty-bearing basis.  The Walbro License will provide
Walbro with all modifications and improvements to the technology licensed
thereby via a grant-back of such rights.


                                   ARTICLE VI
                RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER OF INTERESTS IN THE JV

         6.1     NO TRANSFER WITHOUT APPROVAL.  Neither Walbro nor Mutual may
transfer any of its Equity Interest in the JV to any third party (other than
direct or indirect Controlled Affiliates) without the prior written approval of
the other Party.  It is the intention of the Parties that there be only two
owners of the JV; consequently, any attempted transfer of Equity Interest in
the JV must encompass the entire Equity Interest of the transferring Party.
Notwithstanding the above, transfers to Controlled Affiliates may be done
without approval provided that (i) such transfer constitutes all of the
transferor's Equity Interest, (ii) the transferee agrees to be bound by this
Agreement, and (iii) the transferor remains liable for all obligations imposed
by this Agreement.

         For purposes of this Agreement, a "Controlled Affiliate" of a Party
means any person which controls, is controlled by or is under common control
with, such Party; "control" means the ownership of a majority of both the
voting power of, and the Equity Interest in, a person.





                                      -7-
<PAGE>   8

         6.2     RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL.  If for any reason a transfer of
Equity Interest in the JV cannot be restricted as provided in SECTION 6.1, then
a transfer by either Party of any of its Equity Interest in the JV to any third
Party (other than to a direct or indirect Controlled Affiliate), shall be
subject to a right of first refusal by the other Party to acquire such
interests as set forth below.

                 6.2.1    FIRST OFFER.  If either of Walbro or Mutual receives
from a third Party (the "Outsider") a bona fide written offer (a "Bona Fide
Offer") to purchase all of its Equity Interest in the JV (the "Equity
Interest"), such Party (the "Selling Party") agrees that prior to effecting any
sale pursuant to such Bona Fide Offer, it will first make a written offer (the
"Offer") upon the terms and conditions provided herein to sell its Equity
Interest to the other Party (the "Offeree Party").

                 6.2.2    NOTICE OF OFFER.  The Offer will set forth the
following:

                 (a)      the Selling Party's intention to sell its Equity
         Interest;

                 (b)      a photostatic copy of the Bona Fide Offer of the
         Outsider, and all written communications relating to the proposed sale
         and purchase of the Equity Interest;

                 (c)      a written offer to sell to the Offeree Party the
         Equity Interest of the Selling Party upon the same terms and
         conditions and for the same price as the Bona Fide Offer; and

                 (d)      the U.S. dollar equivalent of the price.

         6.2.3   OFFEREE PARTY ACCEPTANCE.  The Offeree Party may accept such
Offer for all, but not less than all, of the offered Equity Interest by giving
written notice within 30 days after receipt of the Offer to the Selling Party.
If the sale to the Offeree Party is not consummated within 45 days after the
expiration of this 30-day notice period (which 45-day period will be tolled by
any waiting period or suspension of the transaction imposed or required by
applicable law or any unnecessary delay caused by the Selling Party) or as
provided in the Bona Fide Offer, the Selling Party will have the right to sell
its interest to the Outsider as provided in SECTION 6.2.5 below.

         6.2.4   PURCHASE BY THE OFFEREE PARTY.  Any purchase by the Offeree
Party pursuant to this ARTICLE VI will be consummated upon the same terms and
conditions and for the U.S. dollar equivalent price as the Bona Fide Offer for
the Equity Interest.  Any terms and conditions not specified in the Bona Fide
Offer will be mutually agreed upon by the Offeree Party and the Selling Party.

         6.2.5   PURCHASE BY OUTSIDER.  If the Offeree Party fails to accept
the Offer pursuant to SECTION 6.2.3, the Selling Party will then have the right
to sell its Equity Interest to such Outsider on the same terms and conditions
as contained in the notice described in SECTION 6.2.2;





                                      -8-
<PAGE>   9

provided that (i) the sale to the Outsider is consummated within 45 days after
the expiration of the 30-day option period described in SECTION 6.2.3 (which
45-day period will be tolled by any waiting period or suspension of the
transaction imposed or required by applicable law) or as provided in the Bona
Fide Offer, and (ii) the Outsider becomes a Party to this Agreement
contemporaneous with his purchase of the Equity Interest.  If the Selling Party
and the Outsider do not consummate the sale of the Equity Interest within the
time period described  in (i) above or intend to consummate such sale on
materially different terms than the Bona Fide Offer, the Equity Interest may
only be sold to said Outsider after again complying with the terms  of this
ARTICLE VI.


                                  ARTICLE VII
                         TERM AND TERMINATION OF THE JV

         7.1     TERM AND TERMINATION OF THE JV.  Unless otherwise terminated
as provided below, the JV will be of perpetual duration.  The JV will be
terminated:

                 7.1.1    BY MUTUAL CONSENT.  At any time by the mutual consent
of the Parties;

                 7.1.2    FOR BREACH.  Upon the material breach, which is  not
cured within 90 days after notice thereof, by a Party of its obligations to the
JV or otherwise under this Agreement, at the option of the non-breaching Party
exercised within ten days after the expiration of the 90-day cure period;

                 7.1.3    BANKRUPTCY.  Automatically upon the filing of a
voluntary petition or answer admitting jurisdiction of the court and the
material allegations, or the consent to, an involuntary petition pursuant to or
purporting to be pursuant to any reorganization or insolvency law of any
jurisdiction, or an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or an application
for or consent to the appointment of a receiver or trustee of a substantial
part of the property of a Party hereto;

                 7.1.4    DEADLOCK.  Upon an unresolved deadlock as described
in SECTION 3.2.4;

                 7.1.5    INVOLUNTARY REDUCTION OF WALBRO OWNERSHIP.  At the
option of Walbro upon the involuntary reduction of its Equity Interest in the
JV to be less than 51%.

                 7.1.6    CHANGE OF CONTROL OF MUTUAL.  At the option of
Walbro, upon a change of control of Mutual.  For purpose of this provision, a
change of control will occur if Mutual is no longer controlled, directly or
indirectly by the current owners of the Gandhi Sons Group.  The current owners
are listed in EXHIBIT 7.1.6 hereto.

                 7.1.7    FORCE MAJEURE.  At the option of the non-offending
Party, upon the failure of a Party to begin fully performing its obligations
under this Agreement within six months after such Party declares an inability
to perform due to force majeure as provided in SECTION 9.5; or





                                      -9-
<PAGE>   10


                 7.1.8    EXPROPRIATION.  Upon the expropriation,
nationalization or seizure of a substantial portion of the JV's property.

         7.2     CONSEQUENCES OF TERMINATION.

                 7.2.1    PURCHASE OPTION.  Upon the occurrence of an event
which would cause the termination of the JV pursuant to SECTION 7.1 above,
Walbro will have the option, in lieu of proceeding with the dissolution of the
JV, to purchase Mutual's Equity Interest by giving written notice within 30
days after the termination of the JV to Mutual that it desires to purchase for
cash all of its Equity Interest.  The Parties will then negotiate in good faith
with respect to price.  If the Parties cannot agree upon price within 30 days,
then the price will be equal to the fair market value of the Equity Interest as
determined by an investment banker with recognized standing in the
international finance community and mutually acceptable to the Parties.  In the
event the Parties cannot agree on an investment banker, each Party will select
one banker and the two bankers will select a third banker, which third banker
will conclusively determine fair market value.  For purposes of this section,
"fair market value" of an Equity Interest will be the value of the JV as if it
were being sold as a whole business and a going concern to one purchaser,
multiplied by the selling Party's Capital Percentage at the time of the
valuation.

         Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this purchase option
will not be available to Walbro if the termination is due to Walbro's breach or
bankruptcy, pursuant to SECTION 7.1.2 or SECTION 7.1.3.

         7.2.2   SALE OPTION.  Upon the occurrence of an event which would
cause the termination of the JV pursuant to SECTION 7.1 above, Mutual will have
the option, in lieu of proceeding with the dissolution of the JV, to require
Walbro to purchase its Equity Interest by giving written notice within 30 days
after termination of the JV to Walbro.  The terms of such purchase shall be the
same as those described in SECTION 7.2.1. above.  Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, this sale option will not be available to Mutual if the
termination is due to Mutual's breach or bankruptcy pursuant to SECTION 7.1.2.
or SECTION 7.1.3.

         7.2.3   DISSOLUTION.  If the above purchase or sale options are not
exercised by either Party as provided, the Parties will use their best efforts
to dissolve the JV and wind up its affairs in a manner designed to preserve the
interests of both Parties in the JV Products in JV Territory.  Until the JV is
completely dissolved, the Parties shall be bound by all the provisions of this
Agreement.

         7.2.4   DAMAGES.  Nothing herein shall prejudice the rights of a
Party, in addition to the exercise of any other remedy hereunder, to recover
money damages for any breach by a Party of this Agreement or any Ancillary
Document (as defined).





                                      -10-
<PAGE>   11

                                  ARTICLE VIII
                       REGULATORY MATTERS AND INVALIDITY

         8.1     COOPERATION IN MAKING REGISTRATIONS AND OTHER GOVERNMENT
FILINGS.  Mutual shall cooperate fully in assisting Walbro in making, whenever
required or necessary, registrations and other governmental filings including,
but not limited to, filings for investment approval, technical assistance
arrangements and license agreements.

         8.2     CONSEQUENCES OF INVALIDITY.  If for any reason whatever at any
time, any provision of this Agreement or any of the Ancillary Documents is or
becomes invalid, illegal or unenforceable, or is declared by any court of
competent jurisdiction or any other competent authority to be invalid, illegal
or unenforceable or if such competent authority:

                          (i)     refuses, or formally indicates an intention
                                  to refuse authorization of, or exemption to,
                                  any of the provisions of or arrangements
                                  contained in this Agreement or in any of the
                                  Ancillary Documents (in the case of a refusal
                                  either by way of outright refusal or by way
                                  of requiring an amendment or deletion of any
                                  provision of this Agreement or of any of the
                                  Ancillary Documents and/or the inclusion of
                                  any new provision in this Agreement or in the
                                  Ancillary Documents and/or the giving of
                                  undertakings as to future conduct before such
                                  authorization or exemption can be granted);
                                  or

                         (ii)     formally indicates that to continue to
                                  operate any provision of this Agreement or of
                                  any of the Ancillary Documents may expose the
                                  Parties to sanctions under any order,
                                  enactment or regulation, or requests any
                                  Party to give undertakings as to future
                                  conduct in order that such party may not be
                                  subject to such sanctions; and in all cases,
                                  whether initially or at the end of any
                                  earlier period or periods of exemption (each
                                  of which circumstances being referred to in
                                  this ARTICLE VIII as "a Relevant
                                  Invalidity"), then in any such  case, at the
                                  request of either Party by notice or a series
                                  of notices to that effect to the other
                                  ("Negotiation Notice"), the Parties will meet
                                  to negotiate in good faith to agree upon
                                  valid, binding and enforceable substitute
                                  provisions while at the same time
                                  reconsidering the other terms of this
                                  Agreement and of any of the Ancillary
                                  Documents not so affected so as to
                                  reestablish an appropriate balance of the
                                  commercial interests of the Parties
                                  ("Substitute Provisions").

         8.3     FAILURE TO AGREE ON SUBSTITUTE PROVISIONS.  If and to the
extent that Substitute Provisions are formally agreed in writing within one
month of the service of a Negotiation Notice, or such other period as may be
formally agreed in writing between the Parties, then in





                                      -11-
<PAGE>   12

that respect the matter shall be deemed to be settled and such substitute
provisions shall be deemed part of this Agreement or of any of the Ancillary
Documents.  If, however, in respect of any Relevant Invalidity no Substitute
Provisions can be agreed within such period, then if any Party considers on
reasonable grounds that its commercial interests with regard to this Agreement
and/or any of the Ancillary Documents is materially and adversely affected as a
consequence of the Relevant Invalidity it may submit such matter to arbitration
pursuant to SECTION 9.8.

         8.4     DEFERRAL OF DETERMINATION OF ADVERSE EFFECT.  If any Party
considers that it is unable to assess the consequence of any Relevant
Invalidity in the light of facts subsisting at the time, that Party may defer
commencement of an arbitration in respect of the provision or provisions
affected by such Relevant Invalidity until such time as it considers on
reasonable grounds that its commercial interests with regard to this Agreement
and/or any of the Ancillary Documents are materially and adversely affected in
the light of events occurring subsequent to communication of the finding of
invalidity to the Parties.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Party must
commence arbitration pursuant to SECTION 8.3 within 60 days of receipt of the
Negotiation Notice.

         8.5     REPATRIATION LIMITATIONS.  If any monies owed by the JV to
Walbro for any reason (including, but not limited to dividends, royalties or
fees) cannot be paid due to government regulations, laws or otherwise, the JV
shall segregate such funds into a separate account for the sole benefit of
Walbro until such time as the funds can be repatriated.


                                   ARTICLE IX
                            MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

         9.1     ANCILLARY DOCUMENTS; INTERPRETATION.  The Parties agree that,
in the event of an inconsistency or disagreement between this Agreement and any
other agreement or document referred to herein to be entered into in connection
with the JV (each an "Ancillary Document" and, collectively, the "Ancillary
Documents"), this Agreement shall prevail.

         9.2     PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENTS AND CONFIDENTIALITY.  The Parties agree
that all data and information relating to the JV, including but not limited to
any information relating to or provided under any Ancillary Document, the JV's
trade secrets, know-how, inventions, discoveries, improvements, technologies,
business practices and methods, whether or not patented, lists of suppliers,
and information relating to the JV's financial statements, customer identities
and utilization patterns, needs and participation levels, potential customers,
suppliers, products, servicing methods, equipment, programs, analyses, profit
margins and cost data, shall be kept confidential by both Parties and shall
not, whether prior to or after the date hereof, be disclosed to any person,
firm, or corporation, except to the extent that such data or information is
generally known to the trade or in the public domain.  The Parties, however,
may provide the information to third parties (i) for the purpose of assisting
in the evaluation of the JV, its performance, or its operations, (ii) for the
purpose of determining the value of said Party's





                                      -12-
<PAGE>   13

Equity Interest in the JV, and (iii) for any other purpose consistent with the
activities contemplated by this Agreement and the Ancillary Documents; provided
that in each case the disclosing Party takes reasonable precautions to maintain
the confidential nature of the information.  The Parties may also make any
disclosures necessary to comply with applicable securities and other disclosure
laws.  The Parties recognize and acknowledge that any breach by them of the
foregoing provisions of this section may cause irreparable harm to the other
Party and the JV and, in the event of any such breach, such other Party or the
JV shall, in addition to all other remedies available to it, at law or in
equity, be entitled, if it so elects, to institute and prosecute proceedings in
any court of competent jurisdiction to enjoin such breaching Party from doing
any act in violation of such provisions, and that such other Party or the JV
shall not be required to show actual monetary damages as a prerequisite to such
relief.  The above provisions shall survive any termination of this Agreement
and any dissolution of the JV for a period of two years after such termination
or dissolution.

         Each Party agrees not to make any public disclosure regarding the
existence or the substance of the transactions contemplated hereby without the
prior approval of the other Party, except to the extent that either Party
reasonably determines that such disclosure is required by applicable law or
regulation.

         9.3     ACCOUNTING AND FISCAL YEAR.  The JV's accounting methods will
be in accordance with Indian law and Indian generally accepted accounting
principles and all accounts shall be maintained in Indian currency units.  The
JV shall adopt the calendar year as its fiscal year.

         9.4     INSURANCE.  Insurance protection provided for the JV under
this Agreement must apply both to each individual facility of the JV and to all
facilities as a whole.  The JV's insurance must also provide insurance coverage
for all types of risk related to the construction and operation of the
aforementioned facilities, including material and other property losses caused
to fixed assets belonging to the JV, rented by it, or acquired on credit by it,
as well as its civil liability for property or physical damage which may be
caused to third Parties in connection with the JV's activity, either by defects
in the goods its produces or by JV workers and employees in connection with
their performance of their job responsibilities.

         9.5     FORCE MAJEURE.  Where either Party is unable, wholly or in
part, by reason of force majeure to carry out its obligations under this
Agreement, such obligations are suspended so far as they are affected by the
force majeure during the continuance thereof; provided that an obligation to
pay money is never excused by force majeure.

         The Party affected by the force majeure will give notice to the other
Party of the particulars of the situation and the probable extent to which it
will be unable to, or delayed in, performing its obligations under this
Agreement, within 10 days after the occurrence of the force majeure.

         For purposes of this section, "force majeure" means an act of God,
strike, lockout or other interference with work, war declared or undeclared,
blockade, disturbance, lightning, fire,





                                      -13-
<PAGE>   14

earthquake, storm, flood or explosion; governmental or quasi-governmental
restraint action, expropriation, prohibition, intervention, direction or
embargo; unavailability or delay in availability of equipment or transport;
inability or delay in obtaining governmental or quasi-governmental approvals,
consents, permits, licenses, authorities or allocations; and any other cause
whether of the kind specifically enumerated above, or otherwise which is not
reasonably within the control of the Party affected.

         9.6     EXPENSES.  The JV will pay the reasonable costs and expenses
of the Parties and their lawyers, accountants and other advisors incurred in
negotiating and drafting this Agreement and the Ancillary Documents and in
otherwise forming the JV.

         9.7     FURTHER ASSURANCES.  Walbro and Mutual agree to execute and
deliver such other instruments, agreements or documents and take such other
action as may reasonably be necessary or desirable to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

         9.8     RESOLUTION OF DISPUTES.  All disputes, controversies or claims
arising in connection with this Agreement shall be finally settled under the
Rules of Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce by three
arbitrators appointed in accordance with said Rules.  The place of the
arbitration of shall be London, England.  All arbitration proceedings shall be
conducted in the English language.  Documents prepared for use in the
arbitration shall be prepared in the English language.  Where a document other
than in the English language is to be relied on by a party to the arbitration,
a translation of that document into the English language, certified a true and
fair translation by a recognized translator, shall be provided together with a
certified copy of the original document.

         9.9     SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS.  This Agreement will be binding upon
and inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors and
permitted assigns, but will not be assignable or delegable by any Party without
the prior written consent of the other Party, except that either Party may
assign, in whole or in part, its rights hereunder, subject to all obligations
hereunder, to a Controlled Affiliate in connection with any transfer of Equity
Interest in the JV permitted pursuant to ARTICLE VI; provided, however, that
such assignment will not relieve that Party of any of its obligations or
liabilities hereunder.

         9.10    AMENDMENTS, SUPPLEMENTS, ETC.  This Agreement may be amended
or supplemented at any time by additional written agreements signed by both
Parties, as may mutually be determined by the Parties to be necessary,
desirable or expedient to further the purposes of this Agreement or to clarify
the intention of the Parties.

         9.11    NOTICES.  All notices and other communications required or
permitted hereunder will be in writing and, unless otherwise provided in this
Agreement, will be deemed to have been duly given when delivered in person or
one business day after having been dispatched by telegram or electronic
facsimile transfer (confirmed in writing by mail simultaneously dispatched with
a copy of the sender's machine printed facsimile confirmation) or three
business days after





                                      -14-
<PAGE>   15

having been dispatched by an internationally recognized overnight courier
service to the appropriate Party at the address specified below.

   (a)  If to Walbro, to:                   
                                          
        Walbro Automotive Corporation     
        1127 Centre Road                  
        Auburn Hills, Michigan  48326     
        Facsimile Number:  (810) 377-6810 
        Attention:  President             
                                          
        With copies to:                   
                                          
        Katten Muchin & Zavis                Walbro Automotive Europe
        525 West Monroe Street, Suite 1600   2623 Rte du Jaillet
        Chicago, Illinois  60661-3693        74120, Megeve
        Facsimile Number:  (312) 902-1061    Facsimile Number: (33) 50.58.90.72
        Attention:  Arnold S. Harrison       Attention:  R. H. Whitehead, III
                                          
   (b)  If to Mutual, to:                 
                                            
        Mutual Industries Ltd.              
        47 Government Industrial Estate     
        Charkop, Kandivili (W)              
        Bombay - 400067                     
        Facsimile Number: (022) 8058778     
        Attention:  J. M. Gandhi            

         9.12    WAIVER.  Waiver by either Party of a breach by the other Party
of any obligation or requirement contained in, or arising from, this Agreement
does not operate as a waiver of another or continuing breach by the other Party
of the same, or any other, obligation or requirement hereunder.  Any waiver by
either Party must be in writing, signed by the waiving Party.

         9.13    ENTIRE AGREEMENT.  This Agreement and the Ancillary Documents
represent the understanding of the Parties with respect to the subject matter
hereof and thereof and supersede any other agreement, whether written or oral,
that may have been made or entered into by Walbro or Mutual or their affiliates
relating to the matters contemplated hereby.

         9.14    NO STRICT CONSTRUCTION.  The language used in this Agreement
will be deemed to be the language chosen by the Parties hereto to express their
mutual intent, and no rule of strict construction will be applied against
either Party.





                                      -15-
<PAGE>   16

         9.15    SEVERABILITY.  Subject to the provisions of ARTICLE VIII, if
any provision of this Agreement or the application of any such provision to any
person or circumstance is held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect
by a court of competent jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or
unenforceability will not affect any other provision hereof.

         9.16    GOVERNING LAW.  This Agreement will be governed by and
construed in accordance with the substantive laws of India.

         9.17    THIRD PARTIES.  Nothing in this Agreement express or implied
is intended to confer any right or remedy under or by reason of this Agreement
on any person other than the Parties, their respective heirs, representatives,
successors and permitted assigns, affect or discharge the obligation or
liability of any third persons to any Party to this Agreement, or give any
third Party any right or subrogation or action over against any Party to this
Agreement.

         9.18    TITLES AND HEADINGS.  Titles and headings to sections herein
are inserted for convenience of reference only, and are not intended to be a
part of or to affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

         9.19    EXECUTION IN COUNTERPARTS.  This Agreement may be executed in
two or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of
which together will constitute one and the same agreement.

         9.20    POWER AND AUTHORITY.  Each of the Parties hereby acknowledges,
represents and warrants that it has full power and authority to enter into this
Agreement and the Ancillary Documents.

         9.21    INDEPENDENT PARTIES.  In making and performing this Agreement,
the parties shall at all times act as independent entities and nothing
contained in this Agreement shall be construed or implied to create an agency,
partnership or employer/employee relationship between the parties.  At no time
shall either party make commitments or incur any charges or expenses for or in
the name of the other party.

         9.22    SURVIVAL.   The covenants and agreements made in SECTIONS 7.2,
9.2, 9.4, 9.6 and 9.14 will survive any termination of this Agreement.





                                      -16-
<PAGE>   17

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed this Agreement
the day and year first above written.


                       WALBRO AUTOMOTIVE CORPORATION

                       By: 
                                -----------------------------------------------
                       Its:                                                    
                                -----------------------------------------------


                       MUTUAL INDUSTRIES LTD.

                       By:                                                     
                                -----------------------------------------------
                       Its:                                                    
                                -----------------------------------------------





                                      -17-
<PAGE>   18

                                    EXHIBITS
                       TO JOINT VENTURE AGREEMENT BETWEEN
          WALBRO AUTOMOTIVE CORPORATION AND MUTUAL INDUSTRIES LIMITED



<TABLE>
         <S>             <C>
         Exhibit 1.1(a)  Articles of Association


         Exhibit 1.1(b)  Memorandum of Association


         Exhibit 1.5     Name License Agreement
                         
                         
         Exhibit 4.1     Business Plan
                         
                         
         Exhibit 4.4     Customer Application and General Engineering Support Agreement
                         
                         
         Exhibit 4.5     Interim Engineering Support Agreement
                         
                         
         Exhibit 5       Walbro Technology License
                                                          
</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.31
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.31
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                  EXHIBIT 10.31


                         GENERAL PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT
                                       OF
                           TUCSON PRECISION PRODUCTS


         THIS GENERAL PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT is entered into this 18th day of
August, 1995, by and between Iwaki Diecast U.S.A., Inc., a company organized
and existing under the laws of Arizona ("IDC") and Walbro Tucson Corp., a
company organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware
("Walbro") (each of the parties hereto are hereinafter referred to,
individually, as a "Partner," and collectively as the "Partners").


                                   ARTICLE I

                            FORMATION OF PARTNERSHIP

         The parties hereby enter into a general partnership (the
"Partnership") under the provisions of the Uniform Partnership Act of the State
of Delaware (the "Act") and, except as herein otherwise expressly provided, the
rights and liabilities of the Partners shall be as provided in that Act.


                                   ARTICLE II

                                      NAME

         The business of the Partnership shall be conducted under the name
"Tucson Precision Products".  The parties shall promptly comply with all laws
regarding the use of such name as an assumed name by the Partnership, if
necessary.


                                  ARTICLE III

                                  DEFINITIONS

         3.1     "Agreement" means this Partnership Agreement, as amended,
modified or supplemented from time to time.

         3.2     "Capital Account" shall mean, with respect to any Partner, the
separate "book" account which the Partnership shall establish and maintain for
such Partner in accordance with Section 704(b) of the Code.

         3.3     "Code" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended and in effect from time to time.  Any reference herein to a specific
section of the Code shall be deemed to include a reference to any corresponding
provision of succeeding laws.

<PAGE>   2

         3.4     "Management Committee" shall mean a five-member committee,
three of which shall be appointed by Walbro, in its sole discretion and two of
which shall be appointed by IDC, in its sole discretion.

         3.5     "Participating Percentage" means, with respect to any Partner,
subject to adjustment in accordance with this Agreement, the percentage
indicated on Schedule A, attached hereto which initially represents each
Partner's interest received in exchange for its capital contribution.


                                   ARTICLE IV

                                    PURPOSE

         The purpose of the Partnership is to (i) engage in the manufacture and
sale of certain die cast parts and assemblies (described in greater detail on
Exhibit 4) in North America (Canada, Mexico and the United States), both as
original equipment and replacement parts and (ii) engage in any and all
operations, activities and businesses which are in the unanimous judgment of
the Management Committee, convenient, necessary or incidental to the
accomplishment of the foregoing Partnership purpose, including any operations,
businesses or activities permitted under the Act and any other applicable law
or regulation.


                                   ARTICLE V

                    NAMES AND BUSINESS ADDRESSES OF PARTNERS

         The names and business addresses of the Partners are as set forth in
Schedule A attached hereto and made a part hereof.


                                   ARTICLE VI

                                      TERM

         The Partnership shall continue until December 31, 2015, unless sooner
terminated as hereinafter provided.





                                      -2-
<PAGE>   3

                                  ARTICLE VII

                          PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS

         The principal place of business of the Partnership shall be 6601 South
Renaissance Drive, Tucson, Arizona 85746-6042 (USA) or such other place or
places as the Partners may designate.


                                  ARTICLE VIII

                           CAPITAL AND CONTRIBUTIONS

         8.1     The initial capital of the Partnership is as set forth on
Schedule A attached hereto, and, simultaneous with the execution hereof, each
of the Partners shall contribute to the capital of the Partnership the amount
of cash indicated on said Schedule A.

         8.2     No Partner shall be obligated to make any additional capital
contributions unless the Management Committee unanimously shall determine that
such is required for the operation of the Partnership's business.  In the event
additional capital is contributed by the Partners pursuant to this SECTION 8.2,
the Partners shall be obligated to contribute their pro rata portion (as
determined by their respective Participating Percentage at the time of such
contribution) of such additional capital requirement. No Partner shall be
allowed to make any voluntary capital contributions without the prior written
consent of the other Partner.

         8.3     No withdrawal of capital shall be made by any Partner except
with the unanimous approval of all of the members of the Management Committee,
and no interest shall be paid on the capital contributed by any Partner.

         8.4     If the Management Committee shall unanimously determine that
additional financing is necessary or desirable, and that such financing can
most advantageously be provided by loans from or guaranteed by the Partners,
such loans or guarantees, as may be requested by the unanimous vote of the
Management Committee, shall be provided simultaneously by each of the Partners
in amounts that are in proportion to their respective Participating
Percentages.  The Partnership shall not accept any voluntary loans from any
Partners without the prior written consent of every other non-lending Partner.


                                   ARTICLE IX

                                 DISTRIBUTIONS

         9.1     Subject to the provisions of SECTION 9.2 below, when, in the
discretion of all of the members of the Management Committee, the Partnership
has cash available for distribution ("Distributions"), such funds shall be
distributed among the Partners in accordance with their





                                      -3-
<PAGE>   4

respective Partnership Percentages at the time of such Distribution.  The
Partnership shall comply with any federal, state, local or foreign tax
withholding requirements in making such distributions.

         9.2     Prior to making any annual Distributions, if any, the
Partnership shall, for each taxable year in which the Partnership reports net
taxable income, distribute to each Partner, no later than seventy-five days
after the end of such taxable year, an amount equal to the sum of (i) the
product of such Partner's taxable income as shown on its Schedule K-1 for such
taxable year (such taxable income to be reduced, but not below zero, by the
excess, if any, of the cumulative allocations of taxable deduction and loss
pursuant to ARTICLE X to such Partner for all prior taxable years over the
cumulative allocations of taxable income pursuant to ARTICLE X to such Partner
for all prior taxable years), multiplied by the maximum marginal federal income
tax rate in effect for such taxable year for non-S status corporations, plus
(ii) an amount (which shall be proportionate as to all Partners based upon
Participating Percentages) which is intended to approximate, as nearly as
possible, such Partner's pro rata share (based on the taxable income shown on
the Partners' Schedule K-1's) of any applicable state taxes (assuming maximum
applicable tax rates for non-S status corporations) for which the Partners are
responsible based on the income of the Partnership, all as determined in good
faith by the unanimous determination of the Management Committee, whose
determination shall be final and binding.  Distributions pursuant to this
SECTION 9.2 shall be treated as Distributions to each Partner for the purposes
of determining the aggregate amount of available cash distributed to each
Partner under SECTION 9.1 and SECTION 17.2.


                                   ARTICLE X

                       ALLOCATIONS OF PROFITS AND LOSSES

         Except as otherwise required by Section 704(b) of the Code, each item
of the Partnership's income, gain, loss, deduction or credit from operations
shall be allocated to the Partners in accordance with their Participating
Percentages.


                                   ARTICLE XI

                          BOOKS OF ACCOUNT AND RECORDS

         Proper and complete records and books of account shall be kept by the
Management Committee in which shall be entered fully and accurately all
transactions and other matters relative to the Partnership's business as
usually entered into records and books of account maintained by persons engaged
in business of a like character.  The Partnership books and records shall be
kept on an accrual basis.  The books and records shall at all times be open to
the reasonable inspection and examination by the Partners or their duly
authorized representatives during reasonable business hours.  The Management
Committee shall deliver to





                                      -4-
<PAGE>   5

each Partner (i) audited financial statements for each fiscal year of the
Partnership as soon as such audited statements are available, (ii) unaudited
financial statements for each completed quarterly period of the Partnership and
(iii) federal and state Schedule K-1's and any other tax information necessary
for the preparation and timely filing of their respective federal and state
income tax returns.  All of the members of the Management Committee shall
approve, in writing, the selection of an independent public accounting firm to
render the necessary accounting and auditing services.


                                  ARTICLE XII

                                  FISCAL YEAR

         The fiscal year of the Partnership shall be the calendar year.


                                  ARTICLE XIII

                               PARTNERSHIP FUNDS

         The funds of the Partnership shall be deposited in such bank account
or accounts, or invested in such interest-bearing or non-interest- bearing
investments, as shall be designated by the Partnership.  All withdrawals from
any such bank accounts shall be made by the authorized agent or agents of the
Partnership.  Partnership funds shall be separately identifiable from those of
any other person or entity.


                                  ARTICLE XIV

                         MANAGEMENT OF THE PARTNERSHIP

       14.1      The Management Committee shall have exclusive authority to
manage the operations and affairs of the Partnership and to make all decisions
regarding the business of the Partnership.  Pursuant to the foregoing, it is
hereby agreed that the Management Committee shall have all of the rights and
powers of a general partner as provided in the Act and as otherwise provided by
law and any action taken by the Management Committee shall constitute the act
of and serve to bind the Partnership.  In dealing with the Management Committee
acting on behalf of the Partnership, no person shall be required to inquire
into the authority of the Management Committee to bind the Partnership.
Persons dealing with the Partnership are entitled to rely conclusively on the
power and authority of the Management Committee as set forth in this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything that may be contrary herein, Walbro
shall, in its sole discretion, determine the products to be manufactured and
sold by the Partnership, subject to prior consultation with IDC
representatives; provided, however, in the event Walbro requires that any
products be manufactured which represents a new product that





                                      -5-
<PAGE>   6

is substantially different than any of the products set forth on Exhibit 4 and
such new product requires significant capital expenditures by the Partnership,
the Management Committee must unanimously determine that it is in the best
interests of the Partnership to manufacture such new products.  Subject to the
foregoing, the unanimous approval of the Management Committee shall be required
for (i) approval of any business plans, marketing plans and operating
projections, (ii) any material change in the business of the Partnership, (iii)
any borrowings by the Partnership in excess of $250,000 in principal amount,
(iv) any material transactions between the Partnership and any Partner (or
affiliate of any Partner).  Furthermore, the written consent of both Partners
shall be required for the consummation of (a) the admission of any additional
partners, (b) any amendments to this Agreement, (c) any investment by the
Partnership in another entity, (d) the sale of all or substantially all of the
assets of the Partnership, (e) dissolution of the Partnership and (f) any
sublicense of the technology which is the subject of the License Agreement (as
defined below) by the Partnership to an unaffiliated third party.  Any
disagreement between the members of the Management Committee shall be submitted
to all of the Partners for resolution; which resolution shall be approved by
both Partners.

       14.2      Subject to the foregoing, the Management Committee is hereby
granted the right, power and authority to do on behalf of the Partnership all
things which, in its sole judgment, are necessary, proper or desirable to carry
out the aforementioned duties and responsibilities, including but not limited
to the right, power and authority to lease, sell, exchange, refinance or grant
an option for the sale of all or any portion of the property of the Partnership
at such rental, price or amount, for cash, securities or other consideration
and upon such other terms as the Management Committee in its sole discretion
deems proper.

       14.3      The Management Committee shall have the authority to delegate
its day-to-day managerial authority to such officers, employees or agents of
the Partnership, and to give such employees or agents such titles, as the
Management Committee shall from time to time designate, and to revoke or change
such managerial authority and change or eliminate such titles in the sole
discretion of the Management Committee.  Initially, the officers of the
Partnership shall consist of a General Manager, Business Manager, and
Engineering Manager.  Walbro shall have the right to appoint the General
Manager and the Business Manager and IDC shall have the right to appoint the
Engineering Manager.  Each of Walbro and IDC agree to consult with the other in
connection with their respective appointments of such officer positions.  As of
the formation of the Partnership, the officers shall be as follows:

              General Manager                   Kuniaki Hohzawa
              Business Manager                  Wayne Heckman
              Engineering Manager               Hiroto Yokoyama

       The authority of such officers shall be limited to the operations of the
Partnership which occur in the normal and ordinary course of business.  Any
matters which arise in connection with the operations of the Partnership which
are outside of the normal and ordinary course of business of the Partnership
shall immediately be submitted to the Management Committee for





                                      -6-
<PAGE>   7

approval, in accordance with the terms hereof.  Upon such approval, the
officers shall have the authority to bind the Partnership with respect to such
matters.

       14.4      The "Tax Matters Partner" of the Partnership shall be
designated by the Management Committee.

       14.5      Neither the Management Committee, any member or agent of the
Management Committee or any officer of the Partnership shall be liable,
responsible or accountable in damages or otherwise to the Partnership or any
Partner for any action taken or failure to act on behalf of the Partnership
within the scope of the authority conferred on the Management Committee or any
such officer by this Agreement or by law unless such action or omission was
performed or omitted fraudulently or in bad faith or constituted gross
negligence.

         The Partners specifically acknowledge, without limiting the general
applicability of this SECTION 14.5, that the Management Committee and the
officers of the Partnership shall not be liable, responsible or accountable in
damages or otherwise to the Partnership or any Partner with respect to any
action taken by the Management Committee or any such officer in conjunction
with an audit of the Partnership for income tax or other purposes.

       14.6      The Management Committee shall not be required to manage the
Partnership as its sole and exclusive function and may have other business
interests and may engage in other activities in addition to those relating to
the Partnership.  Neither the Partnership nor any Partner shall have any right
by virtue of this Agreement or the partnership relationship created hereby in
or to such other ventures or activities or to the income or proceeds derived
therefrom, and the pursuit of such ventures and activities, even if competitive
with the business of the Partnership, shall not be deemed wrongful or improper.
All expenses of the Management Committee incurred in the performance of its
duties hereunder shall be borne by the Partnership.

       14.7      No Partner shall have the authority to act for or bind the
Partnership except with the approval of the Management Committee.

       14.8      The Partnership shall indemnify and hold harmless all members
of the Management Committee and all officers of the Partnership, from and
against any loss, expense, damage or injury suffered or sustained either by
reason of any acts, omissions or alleged acts or omissions arising out of their
activities on behalf of the Partnership, including, but not limited to, any
judgment, award, settlement, reasonable attorneys' fees and other costs or
expenses incurred in connection with the defense of any actual or threatened
action, proceeding or claim, if the acts, omissions or alleged acts or
omissions upon which such actual or threatened action, proceeding or claim is
based were for a purpose reasonably believed to be in the best interests of the
Partnership and were not performed or omitted fraudulently or in bad faith.
Any such indemnification shall only be from the assets of the Partnership.

       14.9      Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, all decisions
requiring the consent of the Partners shall be made by the affirmative vote of
each Partner then entitled to vote.





                                      -7-
<PAGE>   8

Unless otherwise expressly provided for herein, all decisions requiring the
approval of the Management Committee shall require the unanimous consent of all
of the members of the Management Committee.


                                   ARTICLE XV

                           WITHDRAWALS AND TRANSFERS

       15.1      Any Partner may withdraw from the Partnership upon one year's
prior written notice to the Partnership.  If a Partner withdraws, an "Event of
Default" (as defined below) will be deemed to have occurred on the date such
withdrawal notice is delivered, and the provisions set forth in ARTICLE XVI
shall apply.

       15.2      Each Partner agrees not to sell, transfer, assign,
hypothecate, pledge or encumber all or any portion of such Partner's interest
hereunder without the prior consent of all of the Partners.  Notwithstanding
the foregoing sentence, a Partner may sell, assign or transfer all, or a part
of, its interest in the Partnership to any person or entity that is an
affiliate of such Partner; provided, however, such transfer must not result in
a deemed termination of the Partnership under Section 708(b)(1)(B) of the Code
which results in adverse tax consequences to the Partnership or any other
non-transferring Partner.  The Partners agree that any transfer of a
Partnership interest by any Partner to an affiliate pursuant to this SECTION
15.2 shall be conditioned upon the full assumption by such party of all of the
obligations of the transferring party provided in this Agreement and the Basic
Agreements (as defined below).


                                  ARTICLE XVI

                                    DEFAULTS

       16.1      In the case of an "Event of Default" (as defined herein) by
any Partner, then the defaulting party (the "Defaulting Partner") shall
immediately have suspended any all of its rights as a Partner, including,
without limitation, the right to vote and consent or otherwise approve or
disapprove of any actions taken by the Partnership (including in connection
with such Defaulting Partner's rights (or its designee) as a Management
Committee member), except that such Defaulting Partner shall maintain the right
to its economic interest in the Partnership.  Unless otherwise specified
herein, if an Event of Default occurs, then the non-defaulting party (the
"Non-Defaulting Partner") may exercise any of the following remedies:

                      (1)         causing the Partnership to be dissolved or
         liquidated according to the terms set forth herein and all applicable
         laws, or





                                      -8-
<PAGE>   9

                      (2)         purchasing for cash all of the equity
         interest in the Partnership then held by the Defaulting Partner at a
         purchase price equal to the book value of such equity interest
         determined using generally accepted accounting practices, consistently
         applied.

       16.2      In the event that an Event of Default occurs as a result of a
material breach under any term of (i) the License and Technical Assistance
Agreement (the "License Agreement") between the Partnership and Iwaki Diecast
Co. Ltd., an affiliate of IDC, or (ii) the Walbro Sale Assistance and
Administrative Service Agreement (the "Sales Agreement") between the
Partnership and Walbro Engine Management Corporation, an affiliate of Walbro
(together, the "Basic Agreements"), and such breach is not remedied within a
period of thirty (30) days after receiving written notice of such breach, then
the Non-Defaulting Partner may exercise any of the following remedies:

                      (1)         purchasing for cash all of the equity
         interest in the Partnership then held by the Defaulting Partner, at a
         purchase price equal to the book value of such equity interest
         determined using generally accepted accounting practices, consistently
         applied.

                      (2)         require that the Defaulting Partner purchase
         for cash all of the equity of the Partnership then held by the
         Non-Defaulting Partner, at a purchase price determined pursuant to
         SECTION 16.5 below.

       16.3      The rights provided in this Agreement shall be in addition to
and not in substitution of any other remedies that may be available to the
Partnership or the Non-Defaulting Partner (including those set forth herein
and/or as may be available by law), and any exercise of such rights shall not
relieve the Defaulting Partner from any accrued obligation or any liability or
damages which are incurred by the Partnership or the Non-Defaulting Partner as
a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default.

       16.4      For purposes of this Agreement, an "Event of Default" shall be
deemed to have occurred upon any one of the following occurrences: (i) the
failure by any Partner to make a required capital contribution which is not
made within five (5) days of a delivery of written notice to such Partner of
its failure to remit the required capital contribution, (ii) a Partner (or the
holder of a majority of the equity interest of such Partner) being the subject
of a voluntary or involuntary petition in bankruptcy or insolvency, or of a
petition for relief or reorganization under any bankruptcy or insolvency law,
(iii) breach by a Partner (or an affiliate of any Partner) of any of the terms
of this Agreement or the Basic Agreements which is not cured pursuant to
SECTION 16.2 above or (iv) the withdrawal of a Partner for any reason.

       16.5       If an Event of Default occurs and the Non-Defaulting Partner
wishes to require the Defaulting Partner to purchase its Partnership interest,
pursuant to its rights under this ARTICLE XVI, the purchase price for such
Partnership interest shall be equal to its fair market value, as determined by
an independent nationally recognized appraiser, selected by each of the
Defaulting Partner and Non- Defaulting Partner.  In the event the Partners can
not agree on an appraiser, each Partner shall choose an appraiser and the two
appraisers shall agree on a third





                                      -9-
<PAGE>   10

appraiser.  The determination of such third appraiser and its appraisal shall
be final and binding on the Partners.

       16.6      If an Event of Default occurs as a result of a Partner being
the subject of a voluntary or involuntary petition in bankruptcy or insolvency,
or of a petition for relief or reorganization under any bankruptcy or
insolvency law, and the Non-Defaulting Partner does not wish to exercise its
remedies set forth in SECTION 16.1, then the Partnership shall continue in full
force and effect; provided, however, that any successor of a dissolved,
insolvent or bankrupt Partner, as the case may be, shall not become a
substituted Partner in the Partnership.  Such successor shall not have any of
the rights of a Partner, except that such successor shall only be entitled to
receive the share of profits and losses of the Partnership, the return of such
capital contributions and any other payments to which such bankrupt Partner
would have been entitled on the date of such Event of Default.


                                  ARTICLE XVII

                 DISSOLUTION AND TERMINATION OF THE PARTNERSHIP

       17.1      The Partnership shall dissolve upon the first to occur of the
following:

                 (a)      expiration of the stated term of the Partnership on
         December 31, 2015, as provided in ARTICLE VI hereof;

                 (b)      the withdrawal of a Partner or Partners causing only
         one other Partner to remain in the Partnership;

                 (c)      the unanimous written consent or affirmative vote by
         the Partners, then entitled to vote, to dissolve the Partnership;

                 (d)      the disposition of all of the Partnership's interest
         in its property, including notes received in connection with the sale
         thereof; or

                 (e)      by the election of a Non-Defaulting Partner's
         pursuant to the terms set forth in ARTICLE XVI.

       17.2      In the event of the dissolution of the Partnership, the
Partnership shall terminate, be wound up and liquidated as herein provided.
During such period, the Partners shall continue to share income and losses
during the period of liquidation in the same proportion as immediately prior
thereto, subject to the terms of this Agreement.  The proceeds of the
liquidation (after payment of all costs and expenses thereof and the
establishment of reasonable reserves for contingent liabilities) shall be
applied in order of priority as follows:

                 (a)      To the repayment of debts of the Partnership other 
         than to Partners;





                                      -10-
<PAGE>   11


                 (b)      To the repayment of debts of the Partnership to the
         Partners pro rata according to the amount of the Partnership's
         indebtedness to each Partner;

                 (c)      To the Partners, to the extent of their respective
         Capital Accounts or (if the remaining assets are insufficient for such
         purposes), pro rata on the basis of the relative amounts of their
         respective Capital Accounts; and

                 (d)      To the Partners, to the extent of any balance
         remaining, based on their respective Participating Percentages at the
         time of such dissolution.

       17.3      Each Partner shall look solely to the assets of the
Partnership for all distributions with respect to the Partnership and such
Partner's capital contributions thereto and shall have no recourse therefor
against the other Partners.  No Partner shall have any right to demand or
receive property other than cash upon dissolution and termination of the
Partnership or to demand the return of its capital contributions to the
Partnership prior to dissolution and termination of the Partnership.


                                 ARTICLE XVIII

                                    NOTICES

         All notices and demands required or permitted under this Agreement
shall be in writing and may be sent by U.S. mail, first class mail, postage
prepaid, overnight air courier or personal delivery to the Partners at their
addresses as shown from time to time on the records of the Partnership.  Any
Partner may specify a different address by notifying the other Partners in
writing of such different address.


                                  ARTICLE XIX

                       AMENDMENT OF PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT

         This Agreement may be amended only upon the unanimous consent or
affirmative vote of each Partner then entitled to vote.


                                   ARTICLE XX

                 INDEMNIFICATION OF PARTNERS AND REIMBURSEMENT

       20.1      The Partnership shall indemnify and hold harmless all
Partners, from and against any loss, expense, damage or injury suffered or
sustained by either by reason of any acts, omissions or alleged acts or
omissions arising out of their activities on behalf of the Partnership,





                                      -11-
<PAGE>   12

including, but not limited to, any judgment, award, settlement, reasonable
attorneys' fees and other costs or expenses incurred in connection with the
defense of any actual or threatened action, proceeding or claim, if the acts,
omissions or alleged acts or omissions upon which such actual or threatened
action, proceeding or claim is based were for a purpose reasonably believed to
be in the best interests of the Partnership and were not performed or omitted
fraudulently or in bad faith.  Any such indemnification shall only be from the
assets of the Partnership.

       20.2      In the event any Partner pays any costs or expenses on behalf
of the Partnership which relate directly to the operations of the Partnership,
such Partner shall submit reasonable supporting documentation evidencing such
payment to the Management Committee.  Upon receipt of such supporting
documentation and unanimous approval of the Management Committee, the
Partnership shall promptly reimburse such Partner for such costs and expenses
incurred.


                                  ARTICLE XXI

                                 MISCELLANEOUS

       21.1      This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement among the
parties.  It supersedes any prior agreement or understandings among them, and
it may not be modified or amended in any manner other than as set forth herein.

       21.2      This Agreement and the rights of the parties hereunder shall
be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of
Delaware, without giving effect to provisions thereof regarding conflicts of
laws.

       21.3      If any controversy or claim between the Partners arise out of
this Agreement, except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement:

                 (a)      Such disagreement or dispute shall be discussed in
         good faith during a ten-day period following the occurrence of such
         dispute.  If the dispute or disagreement cannot be resolved by the
         parties after good faith discussion, it shall be submitted to binding
         arbitration in Tucson, Arizona, under the Commercial Arbitration Rules
         of the American Arbitration Association.

                 (b)      Three arbitrators shall be appointed under the
         Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association.
         As soon as the panel has been convened, a hearing date shall be set
         within 45 days thereafter.  Written submittals shall be presented and
         exchanged by both parties 15 days before the hearing date, including
         reports prepared by experts upon whom either party intends to rely.
         At such time the parties shall also exchange copies of all documentary
         evidence upon which they will rely at the arbitration hearing and a
         list of the witnesses whom they intend to call to testify at the
         hearing.  Each party shall also make its respective experts available
         for deposition





                                      -12-
<PAGE>   13

         by the other party prior to the hearing date.  The arbitrators shall
         make their award as promptly as practicable after conclusion of the
         hearing.

                 (c)      The arbitrators shall not be bound by the rules of
         evidence or civil procedure, but rather may consider such writings and
         oral presentations as reasonable businessmen would use in the conduct
         of their day-to-day affairs, and may require the parties to submit
         some or all of their presentation orally or in written form as the
         arbitrators may deem appropriate.  It is the intention of the parties
         to limit live testimony and cross-examination to the extent necessary
         to insure a fair hearing to the parties on the matters submitted to
         arbitration, and to provide neither party more than five (5) complete
         business days to present its position.  The parties have included the
         foregoing provisions limiting the scope and extent of the arbitration
         with the intention of providing for prompt, economic and fair
         resolution of any dispute submitted to arbitration.

                 (d)      The arbitrators shall have the discretion to award
         the costs of arbitration, arbitrators' fees and the respective
         attorneys' fees of each party to the party who the arbitrators
         determine, in their sole discretion, to have prevailed in the dispute.
         Judgment upon the award entered by the arbitrators may be entered in
         any court having jurisdiction thereof.  The arbitrators shall make
         their award in accordance with applicable law and based on the
         evidence presented by the parties, and at the request of either party
         at the start of the arbitration shall include in their award findings
         of fact and conclusions of law both in law and equity which would be
         available in a court having jurisdiction over the parties and over the
         subject matter of the dispute.  Such powers shall include, but not be
         limited to, the power to require specific performance.

                 (e)      The arbitration agreement set forth herein shall not
         limit a court from granting a temporary restraining order or
         preliminary injunction in order to preserve the status quo of the
         parties pending arbitration.  Further the arbitrator(s) shall have
         power to enter such orders by way of interim award, and they shall be
         enforceable in court.

       21.3      Except as herein otherwise specifically provided, this
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and
their legal representatives, heirs, administrators, executors, successors and
assigns.

       21.4      Wherever from the context it appears appropriate, each term
stated in either the singular or the plural shall include the singular and the
plural, and pronouns stated in either the masculine, the feminine or the neuter
gender shall include the masculine, feminine and neuter.

       21.5      Captions contained in the Agreement are inserted only as a
matter of convenience and in no way define, limit or extend the scope or intent
of this Agreement or any provisions thereto.

       21.6      If any provision of this Agreement, or the application of such
provision to any person or circumstance, shall be held invalid, the remainder
of this Agreement, or the





                                      -13-
<PAGE>   14

application of such provision to persons or circumstances other than those to
which it is held invalid, shall not be affected hereby.

       21.7      This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each
of which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute one and
the same instrument.

       21.8      This Agreement may be translated from English to Japanese.  In
the event any conflict or ambiguity exists as a result of, or in connection
with, such translation, the original English version shall govern.


         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Agreement as of
this 18th day of August, 1995.



               WALBRO TUCSON CORP.



               By:                                                             
                       --------------------------------------------------------
               Its:                                                            
                       --------------------------------------------------------



               IWAKI DIECAST USA, INC.



               By:                                                             
                       --------------------------------------------------------
               Its:                                                            
                       --------------------------------------------------------






                                      -14-
<PAGE>   15

                                   SCHEDULE A
                        TO GENERAL PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT
                                       OF
                           TUCSON PRECISION PRODUCTS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     CAPITAL                  PARTICIPATING
                        PARTNERS                                   CONTRIBUTION                 PERCENTAGE
- ------------------------------------------------------            --------------             ---------------
<S>                                                                  <C>                          <C>

Walbro Tucson Corp.                                                  $450,000                      60%
6242 Garfield
Cass City, Michigan  48726
U.S.A.

Iwaki Diecast U.S.A., Inc.                                           $300,000                      40%
6601 South Renaissance Drive
Tucson, Arizona 85746-6042



</TABLE>


                                      A-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13.1
<SEQUENCE>8
<DESCRIPTION>EX-13.1
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                   EXHIBIT 13.1
       
ITEM 6.

SELECTED
FINANCIAL DATA

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
                                                                         (In Thousands, Except Per Share Data)

                                                                  1995            1994          1993           1992         1991
                                                                  ----            ----          ----           ----         ----
<S>                                                          <C>              <C>           <C>            <C>          <C>
From Continuing Operations:
   Sales...............................................        $459,272        $325,205      $273,463       $241,416     $200,130
   Cost of Sales.......................................         377,755         261,501       216,804        185,712      158,743
   Income Before Cumulative
      Effect of Accounting Change......................          13,830          14,595        12,567         12,526        4,838
   Income Per Share Before
      Cumulative Effect of Accounting
      Change (fully diluted)...........................            1.61            1.70          1.47           1.58         0.96
   Cash Dividends Per Share............................            0.40            0.40          0.40           0.40         0.10
   Working Capital.....................................          95,713          58,378        50,187         43,742       25,760
   Total Assets........................................         493,473         257,366       215,295        193,020      161,243
   Long-Term Debt......................................         233,389          66,136        52,392         49,638       62,777
   Redeemable Preferred Stock..........................               0               0             0              0        7,500
   Stockholders' Equity................................         135,427         127,915       114,146         99,910       50,339
</TABLE>
<PAGE>   2
                                                                               1

ITEM 7.

                      MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
On July 27, 1995, the Company, through certain of its wholly-owned
subsidiaries, acquired the Fuel Systems Business of Dyno Industrier A.S, Oslo,
Norway (Dyno).  Dyno supplies plastic fuel tanks to most European vehicle
manufacturers through production facilities in Belgium, France, Germany,
Norway, Spain and the United Kingdom.  Dyno's Fuel Systems Business sales were
approximately $147 million in 1994.  Except as noted below, the results of
operations for 1995 only include the results of Dyno after July 27, 1995.

1995 COMPARED TO 1994, 1994 COMPARED TO 1993
SALES - The Company reported record sales in 1995 of $459.3 million, an
increase of 41.2%.  Excluding sales of $88.5 million contributed by Dyno, 1995
sales still reflected an increase of 14.0%.  Sales in 1994 were $325.2 million
compared to sales of $273.5 million in 1993, an increase of 18.9%.  The $134.1
million of additional sales in 1995 were divided primarily among the automotive
market with a $119.8 million increase and the small engine market with a $10.8
million increase.  On a percentage basis, sales to the automotive market
increased 60.4% in 1995 (15.8% increase without Dyno sales) compared to an
18.6% increase in 1994, while sales to the small engine market increased 10.6%
in 1995 compared to a 16.5% increase in 1994.  Aftermarket sales were flat in
1995 compared to an increase of  32.8% in 1994.

Sales of the Company's original equipment automotive products were $318.1
million in 1995 ($229.7 million without Dyno), up from $198.3 million in 1994
and $167.2 million in 1993.  In 1995, the Company was able to increase U.S.
based automotive product sales (representing all automotive sales other than
those of Dyno)  by $31.4 million or 15.8% in spite of the U.S. light vehicle
market decline.  The U.S. light vehicle market declined in 1995 to
approximately 14.8 million vehicles compared to approximately 15.1 million in
1994, a 2.1% decrease.  U.S. light vehicle sales increased by 8.4% in 1994 and
by 8.0% in 1993.  The Company was able to record a sales increase of its U.S.
based automotive products in the face of a declining vehicle market due to
increased sales of fuel modules (up 23.7%) because of increased use of fuel
modules in the light truck market and increased sales of fuel modules with
higher dollar content.  Light trucks (which include minivans) experienced
moderate sales growth in 1995.  The increase in fuel module sales was partially
offset by the slower than scheduled start-up of a customer's major new vehicle
line with significant fuel module product content. The Company expects the
growth in sales of fuel modules to continue as they are applied to more new
models of passenger cars and light trucks.   Fuel modules also continue to gain
greater acceptance in the European and the South American markets.

Sales of fuel pumps increased by 3.3% and sales of fuel rails declined by 14.9%
in 1995 compared to 1994 because of the decline in U.S. passenger car sales
during 1995.  Plastic fuel tank sales in the U.S. added $3.0 million of revenue
in 1995 compared to $0.6 million in 1994, as the Company's  U.S. sales of
plastic fuel tanks did not begin until the fourth quarter of 1994.  Production
of plastic fuel tanks increased in the fourth quarter of 1995 for a second
vehicle platform and production is expected to increase again in 1996 for a
third vehicle platform.  Sales of component parts in 1995 added $20.4 million
to U.S. based automotive product sales compared to $3.6 million in 1994.  Dyno
sales added $88.5 million to automotive product sales for the last five months
of 1995.

In 1994, the Company was able to increase automotive product sales by 18.6%
while the U.S. light vehicle market grew by 8.4%.  Automotive product sales
benefited from the overall market growth, from increased penetration of
existing products and from the development of new products for new models in
1994.  In addition, the Company sold its first multi-layer plastic fuel
<PAGE>   3
                                                                               2



tanks in 1994.  For 1994, sales of fuel pumps increased modestly while sales of
fuel rails increased by 22.3% and sales of fuel modules increased by 32.2%.

Sales of the Company's small engine products also hit a record level of $112.6
million in 1995, up from $101.8 million in 1994 and $87.4 million in 1993.
Overall sales growth of small engine products was 10.6% in 1995 compared to
16.5% during 1994.  Sales of diaphragm carburetors increased 16.1% in 1995
compared to 7.4% for 1994, from $58.3 million in 1993 to $62.6 million in 1994
to $72.7 million in 1995.  Part of the 1995 increase was caused by the
comparison to depressed U.S. diaphragm carburetor sales in the second half of
1994 because of delays in the emission certification by the California Air
Resources Board for customers' engines during that period.  Increases in U.S.
sales of diaphragm carburetors in the first half of 1994 combined with
increases in Europe and the Far East during all of 1994 more than offset the
second half decline in the U.S., resulting in the overall increase of 7.4% for
1994.

Sales of float feed carburetors decreased 8.7% in 1995 compared to a 27.7%
increase for 1994, with $27.4 million of sales in 1995 versus $30.0 million in
1994 and $23.5 million in 1993.  During 1995, float feed carburetor sales in
the U.S. declined as heavy rain in the spring and a drought during the summer
caused lower sales of lawn and garden products and outdoor power equipment.
Also during 1995, the weak market for marine engines contributed to lower float
feed carburetor sales. The significant increase in 1994 float feed carburetor
sales was primarily due to a 36% increase in sales to the Company's largest
lawn and garden customer and  a 36% increase in sales of marine carburetors.

Sales of small engine ignition systems added $7.9 million to small engine sales
in 1995 compared to $7.1 million in 1994 and $5.1 million in 1993 as customer
demand has grown for this expanding family of products.  In addition,
carburetor sales from the Company's subsidiary in China, Fujian Hualong
Carburetor, which the Company acquired in January, 1994, added $4.6 million to
small engine product sales in 1995 compared to $1.9 million in 1994.

Management believes that ignition systems will play a more significant role in
the future as small engines become subject to more stringent emissions
regulations.  In the past, environmental regulations have created growth
opportunities for the Company through new product development.  For example,
the Company developed a new generation of carburetors to meet the first phase
of the California exhaust emission standards which took effect in 1995.  In
addition, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has adopted similar emission
standards which become effective in August, 1996.  Management believes that
these 1995 and 1996 emission standards will not adversely affect its business
because the Company's products have been modified to meet these new standards.

A 30% reduction of emissions required by the second phase of regulation is
scheduled to be phased-in beginning in 2002 for the U.S., except California,
which requires a 70% reduction of emissions in the second phase for California
in 1999.  A more stringent third phase of U.S. regulation is expected sometime
after 2005.  It is expected that the second phase of U.S. regulations can be
met with more refined carburetors which are currently under development. The
California second phase could affect unit sales of existing products in
California due to a shifting of the low cost segment of the portable power
equipment market from internal combustion engines to electric motors.
Management believes the 1999 California regulations and the phase three U.S.
regulations will require new levels of technology in engine management systems
that meet the regulations within the tight cost constraints required by the
small engine market.  However, management believes that the Company has the
capability to assist engine manufacturers by designing and producing ignition
systems and fuel systems (engine management systems) capable of meeting
reasonable emission standards within these constraints.  Although certain of
these regulations may have the effect of reducing unit sales, the
<PAGE>   4
                                                                               3



more sophisticated products required by stringent emissions regulations are
expected to command higher unit prices.

The Company's aftermarket business for both automotive and small engine
products is consolidated as a business unit within Walbro Engine Management,
but reported separately in this discussion.  Aftermarket sales in 1995 were
flat compared to 1994 for two significant reasons. First, the aftermarket
distribution center in Cass City, Michigan was struck by lightning in August,
1995, causing substantial smoke and water damage to the building and its
contents.  Aftermarket operations were shut down for three weeks in August as a
result of the fire and subsequent order levels were lower because of the
reduced inventory available to fill orders.  Secondly, a major aftermarket
customer/competitor for fuel pumps chose to manufacture more of its
requirements.  The 32.8% increase in 1994 aftermarket sales was the result of
the addition of several new aftermarket customers and the expansion of the
product offering for aftermarket sales.

COST OF SALES - The Company's cost of sales is composed primarily of material,
labor, and manufacturing and engineering overhead.  Cost of sales was $377.8
million in 1995 ($300.9 million without Dyno) compared to $261.5 million in
1994 and $216.8 million in 1993.  Cost of sales as a percent of sales was 82.3%
in 1995 (81.1% without Dyno) compared to 80.4% in 1994 and 79.3% in 1993.

Cost of sales as a percent of sales for U.S. based automotive products
increased in 1995 because of lower volumes of fuel rails partially offset by
higher volumes of fuel modules and plastic gas tanks.  The Company's Ligonier,
Indiana plant, which makes steel fuel rails, experienced significantly higher
costs in the second half of 1995 because of lower volumes related to lower
passenger car sales.  The Company announced in February, 1996 that it plans to
sell the steel fuel rail business at the Ligonier, Indiana plant.  This
decision to exit the steel fuel rail market does not affect the Company's
growing business in plastic fuel rails which are manufactured at its facility
in Meriden, Connecticut.

Cost of sales as a percent of sales at Dyno was 13.1% for the last five months
of 1995.  The Dyno gross margin was lower than anticipated because of higher
raw material prices and lower volumes during the last five months of 1995 due
to seasonally lower production schedules and because of a weaker European
automotive market during this period.  Also contributing to the higher cost of
sales as a percent of sales were continuing startup costs at the Company's
Ossian, Indiana plastic fuel tank plant.

The 1994 cost of sales as a percent of sales increased because of the Ossian
plant startup costs and additional costs of expanding production capacity for
fuel modules at the Company's Meriden, Connecticut plant.  The startup costs at
the Company's Ossian, Indiana plant are expected to continue in the first half
of 1996 as the production orders for multi-layer plastic fuel tanks have not
yet reached the break-even level.  The additional costs of expanding production
at the Meriden, Connecticut plant  declined in 1995 but will increase in 1996
as the second plant comes on line.

Cost of sales as a percent of sales for small engine products increased for
1995 because of lower volume of float feed carburetors in the U.S. and lower
gross margin at the Company's Singapore manufacturing facility due to lower
production volumes and the stronger Singapore Dollar versus the U.S. Dollar.
These increased costs were partially offset by higher volume of diaphragm
carburetors in Japan and Mexico and  higher volume of float feed carburetors in
China.
<PAGE>   5
                                                                               4



The 1994 cost of sales as a percent of sales increased primarily because of
lower volume of diaphragm carburetors in the U.S. during the second half of
1994.  A secondary factor for this increased cost of sales as a percent of
sales was the higher cost of manufacturing  carburetors in Japan and Singapore
as a result of the weaker U.S. Dollar during 1994.

In December, 1990, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 106 (SFAS 106), Employer's Accounting for
Post Retirement Benefits Other Than Pensions, and the Company changed its
method of accounting for these benefits in 1993 as required by SFAS 106.  See
Note 12 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a detailed
discussion of the impact of this change.

SELLING AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES - Selling and administrative (S & A)
expenses were $57.5 million in 1995, an increase of 46.3% (increased 25.6%
without Dyno) compared to $39.3 million in 1994.  The 1994 S & A expenses
increased by 19.0% compared to $33.0 million in 1993.  As a percent of sales, S
& A expenses were 12.5% in 1995 (13.3% without Dyno),  12.1% in 1994 and 12.1%
in 1993.  In 1995, S & A expenses increased because of increased spending for
research and development, for expansion of the Company's automotive systems
center in Auburn Hills, Michigan and automotive testing center in Caro,
Michigan and for general expenses related to adding manufacturing capacity in
Meriden, Connecticut.  In 1994, most S & A expense categories increased to
support the sales growth.  Research and development spending increased by 37.3%
(increased 14.4% without Dyno) in 1995 and by 28.3% in 1994 to support the new
product development efforts required by emission regulations for both
automotive and small engine products.  Incentive compensation expense in the
small engine business increased in 1994  and again in 1995 because of higher
profitability.

REORGANIZATION CHARGES -  In 1993, the Company recorded a $1.8 million
reorganization charge reflecting the Company's actual and anticipated expenses
from reorganization of the executive management team at Walbro Automotive.
$1.0 million was paid in 1993 and the remaining $0.8 million was paid in 1994.
See Note 7 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

LOSS ON FOREIGN EXCHANGE TRANSACTIONS - Foreign exchange contracts are used
primarily to manage the exposure to foreign currency losses from operations in
foreign countries, from investments in foreign joint ventures and from
commitments in foreign currencies.  In 1992, the Company entered into forward
foreign exchange contracts to hedge the Company's foreign currency exposure
related to a sales commitment to a foreign customer.  The loss on these
contracts was treated as a hedge for accounting purposes and recorded as a
deferred asset, which is being amortized as foreign currency exchange loss.  In
1993 and 1994 the Company entered into foreign exchange contracts to hedge the
Company's foreign currency risk from foreign currency commitments which did not
qualify for deferred accounting treatment and the losses were recorded as
foreign currency exchange loss in 1993 and 1994.  The foreign currency exchange
loss in 1995 was $1.5 million, $2.6 million in 1994 and $1.5 million in 1993.
See Note 14 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

NET INTEREST EXPENSE - Net interest expense was $11.1 million in 1995, an
increase of $7.3 million, compared to $3.8 million in 1994.  1994 net interest
expense increased by $1.2 million compared to $2.6 million in 1993.  To finance
the Dyno acquisition in July 1995, the Company sold $110 million in aggregate
principal amount of its 9.875% senior notes and obtained a new $135 million
secured credit facility.  Borrowing levels were also higher in 1995 to support
the higher level of capital expenditures for the facilities expansions.
General interest rates declined during 1995 but the additional borrowings and
the shift to a higher percentage of long-term fixed rate debt raised the
average cost of capital and caused the higher interest expense.  The 1994
increased interest expense resulted from higher interest rates and increased
borrowings for additional working capital and the full year effect of financing
the Company's Ossian, Indiana
<PAGE>   6
                                                                               5



plant.  During October of 1994, the Company sold $45 million of 7.68% senior
notes which contributed to the higher net interest expense.  The average cost
of  borrowing was 7.4% in 1995, 5.9% in 1994 and 4.9% in 1993.  See Note 8 of
the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for details of the  borrowings.

INCOME TAXES - The provision for income taxes was lower for 1995 compared to
1994 because of a research and development (R & D) tax credit recorded in 1995.
This tax credit resulted from a change by the Internal Revenue Service in
defining the R & D activities which qualify for the tax credit.  The $3.0
million credit results from R & D activities at the Company from 1988 through
1995.  The R & D tax credit resulted in an effective tax rate of 10.8% for 1995
compared to 32.5% for 1994.

JOINT VENTURE INCOME - The Company's equity in income of joint ventures was
$3.9 million in 1995, $2.6 million in 1994 and a loss of $89,000 in 1993.  The
loss in 1993 was due primarily to first year losses of $538,000 in Brazil and
the significant income in 1994 and 1995 resulted from increased sales and
profits in all the Company's joint ventures.

As detailed below, the Company has actively pursued joint venture opportunities
as a means of expanding into new regions of the world market.  The joint
venture structure allows the Company to share the risks, capital requirements
and early stage start-up losses with a partner.

In November, 1995, the Company signed an agreement to form a joint venture,
Mutual Walbro P. Ltd., with Mutual Industries Ltd., Bombay, India to produce
automotive fuel tank assemblies in India.

In November, 1994, the Company formed a joint venture, Korea Automotive Fuel
Systems Ltd., with Daewoo Precision Industries Ltd.  of South Korea to
manufacture and market fuel sending units for the South Korean automobile
market.  In March, 1993, the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of
Walbro Korea Ltd., a joint venture with Siemens A.G. of Germany and Daesung
Ltd. of South Korea.  This joint venture was originally formed to manufacture
and market EFI system components for the South Korean automotive market.

In February, 1993, the Company acquired a 49% interest in Marwal do Brazil, a
Brazilian joint venture with Magneti Marelli S.p.A. of Italy, to manufacture
and market fuel sending units for the South American automotive market.

In January, 1993, the Company sold its 50% interest in Orbital-Walbro
Corporation to its joint venture partner, Orbital Engine Company Ltd. of
Australia, in exchange for 3.7 million shares of Orbital stock and $5.5 million
in cash.

NET INCOME AND INCOME PER SHARE - Net income for 1995 was $13.8 million, a
decrease of 5.5% compared to $14.6 million in 1994.  Income before cumulative
effect of accounting change was $12.6 million in 1993 with net income of $9.7
million for the same period.  Net income per share was $1.61 for 1995 compared
with $1.70 for 1994.  Income per share before cumulative effect of accounting
change was $1.47 with net income per share of $1.13 for 1993.   All per share
data is fully diluted.  Net income as a percent of sales was 3.0% in 1995, 4.5%
in 1994, and 4.6% in 1993 (income before accounting change as a percent of
sales).  The decline in net income as a percent of sales in 1995 was related to
the Dyno acquisition which generated  lower profit margins in 1995 and resulted
in increased interest expense and because of  higher S & A expenses as
explained above.  The decline in net income as a percent of sales during 1994
was the result of higher cost of sales, higher interest expense and foreign
exchange losses as explained above.
<PAGE>   7
                                                                               6



INFLATION - Inflation potentially affects the Company in two principal ways.
First, a portion of the Company's debt is tied to prevailing short-term
interest rates which may change as a result of inflation rates, translating
into changes in interest expense.  Second, general inflation can impact
material purchases, labor and other costs.  The Company has limited ability to
pass on inflation-related cost increases to its customers on a short-term
basis.  In addition, the markets served by the Company are competitive in
nature, and competition limits the pass-through of inflation-related cost
increases in many cases.  In the past three years, however, inflation has not
been a significant factor for the Company.

FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSACTIONS -  Approximately 38% of the Company's sales
during 1995 were derived from international manufacturing operations in Europe,
Asia and Latin America.  The financial position and the results of operations
of the Company's subsidiaries in Europe (19% of sales), and Asia (11% of sales)
are measured in local currency of the countries in which they operate and
translated into U.S. dollars. The effects of foreign currency fluctuations in
Europe and Asia, except Singapore, are somewhat mitigated by the fact that
expenses are generally incurred in the same currencies in which sales are
generated and the reported income of these subsidiaries will be higher or lower
depending on a weakening or strengthening of the U.S. dollar.

For the Company's subsidiaries in Singapore and Mexico (11% of sales) the
expenses are generally incurred in the local currency, but sales are generated
in U.S. dollars; therefore, results of operations are more directly influenced
by a weakening or strengthening of the local currency.

The acquisition of Dyno in July, 1995 (discussed below) resulted in a
significant increase in the foreign component of the Company's operations.
Specifically, giving effect to the Dyno acquisition on a pro forma basis,
approximately 51% of the Company's sales for 1995 would have been related to
foreign operations.

Approximately 48% of the Company's net assets at December 31, 1995, are based
in its foreign operations and are translated into U.S.  dollars at foreign
currency exchange rates in effect as of the end of each period. Accordingly,
the Company's consolidated shareholders' equity will fluctuate depending upon
the weakening or strengthening of the U.S. dollar.  In addition, the Company
has equity investments in unconsolidated joint ventures in France, Brazil,
Japan and Korea.  The Company's reported income from these joint ventures will
be higher or lower depending upon a weakening or strengthening of the U.S.
dollar.

The Company's strategy for management of currency risk relies primarily upon
the use of forward currency exchange contracts to manage its exposure to
foreign currency fluctuations related to its operations in foreign countries,
to manage its firm transaction commitments in foreign currencies and to hedge
its equity investment in certain foreign joint ventures.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES - As of December 31, 1995, the Company had
$16.0 million outstanding in short-term debt, including current portion of
long-term debt, and $233.4 million in long-term debt.  As of December 31, 1995,
the approximate minimum principal payments required on the Company's long-term
debt in each of the five fiscal years subsequent to December 31, 1995 are $1.1
million in 1996, $1.3 million in 1997, $7.9 million in 1998, $7.6 million in
1999, $64.6 million in 2000 and $152.0 million thereafter.

The net purchase price of the Dyno acquisition was approximately $114 million
(approximately $130 million less approximately $16 million in cash acquired by
the Company).  The Company financed the acquisition through the combination of
a private placement of $110 million in aggregate principal amount of its 9.875%
Senior Notes due 2005 and a new $135 million secured Credit Facility with a
group of commercial banks. At December 31, 1995, the Company had available to
it approximately $70 million under the New Credit Facility.  See Note 8 of the
Notes to consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion.
<PAGE>   8
                                                                               7



The Company's plans for 1996 capital expenditures for facilities, equipment and
tooling total approximately $64 million, of which approximately $26 million
represents expenditures to maintain and upgrade current facilities and $38
million represents capital expenditures for expansion.  The 1996 expansion plan
includes new plants in Brazil and Belgium, a second plant in Meriden,
Connecticut, expansion of the Ossian, Indiana plant and a Technical Center in
Europe.  The Company intends to finance the capital expenditures with cash from
operations, supplemented by borrowings under the New Credit Facility and
potential lease financing.

Management believes that the Company's long-term cash needs will continue to be
provided principally by operating activities supplemented, to the extent
required, by borrowing under the Company's existing and future credit
facilities and by access to the capital markets.  Management expects to replace
these credit facilities as they expire with comparable facilities.

As of December 31, 1995, accounts receivable amounted to $113.3 million, an
increase of $47.0 million, compared to $66.3 million at December 31, 1994.  The
acquisition of Dyno added $35.4 million of accounts receivable.  The average
collection period at December 31, 1995 was 56.4 days or 71.5 days without Dyno,
slightly lower than the average collection period during calendar 1994.  The
average collection period in calendar year 1994 was 62.3 days compared to 56.8
days in 1993. Approximately 45% of the accounts receivable increase in 1995,
without Dyno accounts receivable, was due to increased sales in 1995, while the
remaining increase was due to longer collection periods.  As of December 31,
1995, inventories amounted to $50.7 million, an increase of $19.3 million,
compared to $31.4 million at December 31, 1994, and the Dyno acquisition
accounted for $17.4 million of this increase.

SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT UNDER THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF
1995 - The statements contained in this discussion that are not historical
facts are forward-looking statements subject to the safe harbor created by the
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Walbro Corporation cautions readers
of this discussion that a number of important factors could cause Walbro's
actual consolidated results for 1996 and beyond to differ materially from those
expressed in any forward-looking statements made by, or on behalf of, Walbro.
These important factors include, without limitation, changes in demand for
automobiles and light trucks, relationships with significant customers, price
pressures, the timing and structure of future acquisitions or dispositions, the
integration of the Dyno acquisition into Walbro's overall business, impact of
environmental regulations, continued availability of adequate funding sources,
currency and other risks inherent in international sales, and general economic
and business conditions.  These important factors and other factors which could
affect Walbro's results are more fully discussed in Walbro's filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission.  Readers of this discussion are referred to
such filings.
<PAGE>   9

ITEM 8.    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

                    Report of Independent Public Accountants




To the Board of Directors and
  Stockholders of Walbro Corporation:

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Walbro
Corporation (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1995,
1994 and 1993, and the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders'
equity and cash flows for each of the years then ended.  These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company's management.  Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on
our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards.  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test
basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated
financial statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.  We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of Walbro Corporation and
subsidiaries as of December 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993, and the results of their
operations and their cash flows for each of the years then ended in conformity
with generally accepted accounting principles.

As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, effective
January 1, 1994, the Company changed its method of accounting for investments
in debt and equity securities.  In addition, as discussed in Note 12 to the
consolidated financial statements, effective January 1, 1993, the Company
changed its method of accounting for postretirement benefits other than
pensions.



                             Arthur Andersen LLP


Detroit, Michigan,
February 13, 1996
<PAGE>   10
                      WALBRO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES


                          CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

                        DECEMBER 31, 1995, 1994 AND 1993


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
ASSETS                                                                           1995              1994              1993
                                                                           -----------------------------------------------
                                                                                (In Thousands, Except Share Data)
<S>                                                                          <C>                <C>               <C>
Current Assets:
     Cash                                                                    $ 19,792            $ 4,540           $ 4,605
     Accounts receivable, net                                                 113,346             66,333            44,676
     Inventories                                                               50,723             31,439            26,898
     Prepaid expenses and other                                                10,966              4,001             7,266
     Deferred and refundable income taxes                                       4,877              3,663             4,871
                                                                           -----------------------------------------------
         Total Current Assets                                                 199,704            109,976            88,316
                                                                           -----------------------------------------------

Plant and Equipment, at cost:
     Land                                                                       3,870              1,234               426
     Buildings and improvements                                                54,116             44,668            43,689
     Machinery and equipment                                                  211,707             93,127            71,727
                                                                           -----------------------------------------------
                                                                              269,693            139,029           115,842   
     Less- Accumulated depreciation                                            63,928             50,737            41,666
                                                                           -----------------------------------------------
         Net Plant and Equipment                                              205,765             88,292            74,176
                                                                           -----------------------------------------------

Other Assets:
     Funds held for construction                                                1,102              1,061             2,710
     Joint ventures                                                            23,466             16,518            11,278
     Investments                                                                9,224             10,797             8,057
     Goodwill, net                                                             33,299             16,905            16,937
     Notes receivable                                                             460              4,366             3,616
     Deferred income taxes                                                      2,805                871                41
     Other                                                                     17,648              8,580            10,164
                                                                           -----------------------------------------------
         Total Other Assets                                                    88,004             59,098            52,803
                                                                           -----------------------------------------------
         Total Assets                                                        $493,473           $257,366          $215,295
                                                                           ===============================================

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

Current Liabilities:
     Current portion of long-term debt                                        $ 1,086            $ 8,442           $   408
     Bank and other borrowings                                                 14,921              6,970             5,375
     Accounts payable                                                          52,774             23,252            19,991
     Accrued liabilities                                                       34,352             12,077            11,500
     Dividends payable                                                            858                857               855
                                                                           -----------------------------------------------
         Total Current Liabilities                                            103,991             51,598            38,129
                                                                           -----------------------------------------------

Long-Term Liabilities:
     Long-term debt, less current portion                                     233,389             66,136            52,392
     Pension obligations and other                                             15,102              8,153             8,071
     Deferred income taxes                                                      3,927              2,439             2,557
     Minority interest                                                          1,637              1,125                --
                                                                           -----------------------------------------------
         Total Long-Term Liabilities                                          254,055             77,853            63,020
                                                                           -----------------------------------------------

Stockholders' Equity:
     Common stock, $.50 par value; authorized 25,000,000; outstanding
       8,579,976 in 1995, 8,564,576 in 1994, and 8,551,782 in 1993              4,290              4,282             4,276
     Paid-in capital                                                           64,381             64,221            63,997
     Retained earnings                                                         66,256             55,855            44,686
     Deferred compensation                                                       (817)            (1,225)           (1,634)
     Minimum pension liability adjustment                                         (63)                --              (520)
     Unrealized gain on securities
         available for sale                                                       827              1,428                --
     Cumulative translation adjustments                                           553              3,354             3,341
                                                                           -----------------------------------------------
         Total Stockholders' Equity                                           135,427            127,915           114,146
                                                                           -----------------------------------------------
         Total Liabilities and
           Stockholders' Equity                                              $493,473           $257,366          $215,295
                                                                           ===============================================
</TABLE>



        The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.



                                      -2-
<PAGE>   11
                      WALBRO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES


                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME

              FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1995, 1994 AND 1993


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                      1995              1994               1993
                                                                  -----------------------------------------------
                                                                    (In Thousands, Except Per Share Data)
<S>                                                               <C>               <C>                 <C>
NET SALES                                                         $459,272          $325,205            $273,463

COSTS AND EXPENSES:
  Cost of sales                                                    377,755           261,501             216,804
  Selling and administrative expenses                               57,495            39,318              33,043
  Reorganization and restructuring charges                            -                 -                  1,760
                                                                  -----------------------------------------------

OPERATING INCOME                                                    24,022            24,386              21,856

OTHER EXPENSE (INCOME):
  Interest expense, net of capitalized                              12,071             3,862               2,594
       interest of $518,000 in 1995
  Interest income                                                     (960)              (91)                (35)
  Foreign currency exchange loss                                     1,483             2,602               1,495
  Other                                                               (255)              111                 572
                                                                  -----------------------------------------------

Income before provision for income taxes,
  minority interest, equity in (income) loss of
  joint ventures and cumulative effect of
  accounting change                                                 11,683            17,902              17,230

Provision for income taxes                                           1,258             5,824               4,574

Minority interest                                                      472                92                -

Equity in (income) loss of joint ventures                           (3,877)           (2,609)                 89
                                                                  -----------------------------------------------

             Income before cumulative effect of
               accounting change                                    13,830            14,595              12,567

Cumulative effect of accounting change,
  net of tax benefit of $1,494                                        -                 -                  2,900
                                                                  -----------------------------------------------

             Net income                                            $13,830          $ 14,595            $  9,667
                                                                  ===============================================

INCOME PER SHARE:
  Income before cumulative effect of
    accounting change                                              $  1.61          $   1.70            $   1.47
  Cumulative effect of accounting change,
    net of tax benefit                                                -                 -                   (.34)
                                                                  -----------------------------------------------

             Net income per share                                  $  1.61          $   1.70            $   1.13
                                                                  ===============================================
</TABLE>




        The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.





                                      -3-
<PAGE>   12
                      WALBRO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

              FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1995, 1994 AND 1993



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                               Unrealized Gain 
                                                                                                 Minimum        on Securities  
                                      Common      Paid-in      Retained        Deferred          Pension          Available    
                                      Stock       Capital      Earnings      Compensation       Liability          for Sale    
                                      ------      -------      --------      ------------       ---------          --------    
                                                             (In Thousands, Except Share Data)
                                                                                                                               
 <S>                                   <C>        <C>            <C>               <C>               <C>                <C>    
 BALANCE -                             $4,049      $57,139       $38,422           $(2,042)           $(371)              $-   
   DECEMBER 31, 1992                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                               
 Conversion of convertible                
  subordinated notes into 404,429
   shares of common stock                 202        6,273          -                 -                -                   -   
 Exercise of stock options                 25          585          -                 -                -                   -   
 ESOP debt payments                      -            -             -                  408             -                   -   
 Net income                              -            -            9,667              -                -                   -   
 Additional minimum pension                                                                                                    
   liability                             -            -             -                 -                (149)               -   
 Cash dividends                          
   ($.40 per share)                      -            -           (3,403)             -                -                   -   
 Translation adjustments                 -            -             -                 -                -                   -   
                                    --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 BALANCE - DECEMBER 31, 1993            4,276       63,997        44,686            (1,634)            (520)               -   
                                                                                                                               
 Change in accounting for                                                                                                      
   securities available for sale -                                                                                             
   January 1, 1994                       -            -             -                 -                -                  2,096 
 Exercise of stock options                  6          224          -                 -                -                   -   
 ESOP debt payments                      -            -             -                  409             -                   -   
 Net income                              -            -           14,595              -                -                   -   
 Adjust additional minimum pension       
   liability                             -            -             -                 -                 520                -   
 Cash dividends                         
   ($.40 per share)                      -            -           (3,426)             -                -                   -   
 Change in market value of                                                                                                      
   securities available for sale         -            -             -                 -                -                   (668)
 Translation adjustments                 -            -             -                 -                -                   -   
                                    --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 BALANCE - DECEMBER 31, 1994            4,282       64,221        55,855            (1,225)            -                  1,428

 Exercise of stock options                  8          160          -                 -                -                   -   
 ESOP debt payments                      -            -             -                  408             -                   -   
 Net income                              -            -           13,830              -                -                   -   
 Additional minimum pension                                                                                                    
    liability                            -            -             -                 -                 (63)               -
 Cash dividends                                                                                                               
    ($.40 per share)                     -            -           (3,429)             -                -                   -   
 Change in market value of                                                                                                     
  securities available for sale          -            -             -                 -                -                   (601)
 Translation adjustments                 -            -             -                 -                -                   -   
                                    --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 BALANCE -                                                                                                                     
   DECEMBER 31, 1995                   $4,290      $64,381       $66,256             $(817)            $(63)               $827
                                    ============================================================================================
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>                                        
                                                 
                                             Cumulative
                                            Translation
                                            Adjustments
                                            -----------
                                    (In Thousands, Except Share Data)
                                    ---------------------------------

 <S>                                       <C>  
 BALANCE -                                 $2,713
   DECEMBER 31, 1992                     

 Conversion of convertible                    
   subordinated notes                        -
 Exercise of stock options                   -
 ESOP debt payments                          -
 Net income                                   
 Additional minimum pension                  -
   liability                                 -
 Cash dividends                              
   ($.40 per share)                          -
 Translation adjustments                      628
                                         -----------
 BALANCE - DECEMBER 31, 1993                3,341
                                       
 Change in accounting for              
   securities available for sale -     
   January 1, 1994                           -
 Exercise of stock options                   -
 ESOP debt payments                          -
 Net income                                  -
 Adjust additional minimum pension           
   liability                                 
 Cash dividends                              -  
   ($.40 per share)                          -
 Change in market value of                    
   securities available for sale             -
 Translation adjustments                       13
                                         -----------
 BALANCE - DECEMBER 31, 1994                3,354

 Exercise of stock options                   -
 ESOP debt payments                          -
 Net income                                  -
 Additional minimum pension            
    liability                                -
 Cash dividends                        
  ($.40 per share)                           -
 Change in market value of             
  securities available for sale              - 
Translation adjustments                   (2,801)
                                         -----------
 BALANCE -                             
   DECEMBER 31, 1995                        $553
                                         ===========
</TABLE>                               



        The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.





                                      -4-
<PAGE>   13
                      WALBRO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES


                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

              FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1995, 1994 AND 1993



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                         1995            1994             1993
                                                                                       --------        --------         --------
                                                                                                    (In Thousands)
<S>                                                                                   <C>             <C>              <C>
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:                                               
                                                                                    
  Net income                                                                          $ 13,830        $ 14,595         $  9,667
                                                                                    
  Adjustments to reconcile net income to net                                        
    cash provided by operating activities-                                          
      Depreciation and amortization                                                     22,451          14,672           11,339
      Cumulative effect of accounting change                                              -               -               2,900
      (Gain)loss on disposition of assets                                                  (29)            449              372
      Minority interest                                                                    472              92             -
      (Income) loss of joint ventures                                                   (3,877)         (2,609)              89
      Reorganization and restructuring charges                                            -               -                 754
      Change in assets and liabilities, net of
        effects of acquisitions-
          Deferred income taxes                                                          1,721            (681)          (1,324)
          Deferred pension obligations and other                                         3,327             519              544
          Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                       4,870             704            4,220
          Accounts receivable, net                                                      (3,236)        (18,463)          (3,449)
          Inventories                                                                   (2,034)         (3,752)          (2,752)
          Prepaid expenses and other                                                    (6,607)          4,951           (6,979)
                                                                                     -------------------------------------------

        Total adjustments                                                               17,058          (4,118)           5,714
                                                                                     -------------------------------------------
                                                       
        Net cash provided by operating activities                                       30,888          10,477           15,381
                                                                                     -------------------------------------------
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
  Purchase of plant and equipment                                                      (46,240)        (18,844)         (20,260)
  Acquisitions, net of cash acquired                                                  (116,238)         (1,480)           1,312
  Purchase of other assets                                                              (7,263)         (2,615)          (2,047)
  Investment in joint ventures and other                                                (2,054)         (1,508)          (1,333)
  Proceeds from disposal of assets                                                       4,127           1,463            3,149
                                                                                     -------------------------------------------

        Net cash used in investing activities                                         (167,668)        (22,984)         (19,179)
                                                                                     -------------------------------------------
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
  Net borrowings (repayments) under revolving
    line-of-credit agreements                                                           63,797         (27,739)          (3,691)
  Debt repayments                                                                      (13,541)           (824)          (2,617)
  Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt                                             110,550          45,000            9,000
  Proceeds from issuance of common
    stock and options                                                                      168             230              610
  Financing Fees Paid                                                                   (4,778)           -                -
  Cash dividends paid                                                                   (3,428)         (3,424)          (3,359)
                                                                                     -------------------------------------------
        Net cash provided by (used in)
          financing activities                                                         152,768          13,243              (57)
                                                                                     -------------------------------------------

EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES ON CASH                                                   (736)           (801)             212
                                                                                     -------------------------------------------

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH                                                         15,252             (65)          (3,643)

CASH AT BEGINNING OF YEAR                                                                4,540           4,605            8,248
                                                                                     -------------------------------------------

CASH AT END OF YEAR                                                                   $ 19,792        $  4,540         $  4,605
                                                                                     ===========================================
</TABLE>


        The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.





                                      -5-
<PAGE>   14
                      WALBRO CORPORATION & SUBSIDIARIES


                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 1.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES.

       Principles of Consolidation:

        The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Walbro
           Corporation and its wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries
           (the Company).  Investments in joint ventures are generally
           accounted for under the equity method (Note 2).  Significant
           transactions and balances among the Company and its subsidiaries
           have been eliminated in the consolidated financial statements.

       Foreign Currency Translation:

        The assets and liabilities of the Company's foreign operations are
           generally translated into U.S. dollars at current exchange rates,
           and revenues and expenses are translated at average exchange rates
           for the year.  Resulting translation adjustments are reflected as a
           separate component of stockholders' equity.

        Transaction gains and losses that arise from exchange rate fluctuations
           on transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional
           currency, except those transactions which operate as a hedge of an
           identifiable foreign currency commitment or as a hedge of a foreign
           currency investment position, are included in the results of
           operations as incurred.

       Accounts Receivable:

        Accounts receivable are net of allowances for doubtful accounts of
           $978,000, $822,000 and $413,000 as of December 31, 1995, 1994 and
           1993, respectively.

       Inventories:

        Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out) or
           market.  Inventories include raw materials and component parts,
           work-in-process and finished products.  Work-in-process and finished
           products inventories include material, labor and manufacturing
           overhead costs.

        Inventory at December 31 consisted of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                           1995                1994
                                                                                          ------              -------
                                                                                                (In Thousands)
                            <S>                                                           <C>                 <C>
                            Raw materials and components                                  $29,769             $19,310
                            Work-in-process                                                 7,666               6,915
                            Finished products                                              13,288               5,214
                                                                                       ------------        ------------

                                                                                          $50,723             $31,439
                                                                                       ============        ============
</TABLE>


        Amounts included in work-in-process and finished products in 1993 was
           not material.





                                      -6-
<PAGE>   15
                      WALBRO CORPORATION & SUBSIDIARIES


                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (Continued)

       Plant and Equipment:

        The Company provides for depreciation of plant and equipment based upon
           the acquisition costs and the estimated service lives of depreciable
           assets.  The straight-line method is the principal method used to
           compute depreciation for financial reporting purposes.  However, the
           units-of-production method is used to compute depreciation of
           certain equipment.  Estimated service lives of depreciable assets
           are as follows:  buildings and improvements - 10 to 30 years,
           machinery and equipment - 5 to 10 years.

       Marketable Equity Securities:

        Effective January 1, 1994, the carrying value of marketable equity
           securities is market value (Note 3).  During 1993, the carrying
           value of marketable equity securities was based on the lower of cost
           or quoted market value.  Net unrealized losses on non-current
           marketable equity securities that were deemed to be other than
           temporary were reflected in income.  Realized gains and losses on
           the sale of marketable equity securities are recognized in income on
           the specific identification basis.

       Goodwill:

        Goodwill consists of purchase price and related acquisition costs in
           excess of the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired.
           Goodwill is amortized on a straight-line basis over 15 to 40 years.
           The Company evaluates the carrying value of goodwill for potential
           impairment on an ongoing basis.  Such evaluations compare operating
           income before amortization of goodwill of the operations to which
           goodwill relates to the amortization recorded.  The Company also
           considers future anticipated operating results, trends and other
           circumstances in making such evaluations.

        Goodwill consisted of the following at December 31:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          1995                1994                1993
                                                                        --------            --------             -------
                                                                                        (In Thousands)
                        <S>                                              <C>                 <C>                 <C>
                        Goodwill                                         $36,365             $19,367             $18,943
                        Less: Accumulated
                        amortization                                      (3,066)             (2,462)             (2,006)
                                                                        ----------          ----------          ---------
                                                                         $33,299             $16,905             $16,937
                                                                        ==========          ==========          =========
</TABLE>

       Income Taxes:

        The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance
           with the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
           (SFAS) No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes."  The adoption of SFAS
           No. 109 as of January 1, 1993 did not have a material impact on the
           consolidated financial statements of the Company.





                                      -7-
<PAGE>   16
                      WALBRO CORPORATION & SUBSIDIARIES


                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (Continued)

        Deferred income taxes represent the effect of cumulative temporary
           differences between income and expense items reported for financial
           statement and tax purposes, and between the bases of various assets
           and liabilities for financial statement and tax purposes.  Deferred
           tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance if, based on the
           weight of evidence, it is deemed more likely than not that the asset
           will not be realized.

       Research and Development Costs:

        Research and development costs are charged to operations as incurred
           and amounted to $16,742,000, $12,199,000 and $9,484,000 for 1995,
           1994 and 1993, respectively.

       Financial Instruments:

        In order to manage exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency
           exchange rates, the Company regularly enters into forward currency
           exchange contracts.  Gains and losses on contracts that hedge
           specific foreign currency commitments are deferred and recognized in
           net income in the period in which the related transaction is
           consummated.  Gains and losses on contracts that hedge net
           investments in foreign joint ventures or subsidiaries are recognized
           as cumulative translation adjustments in stockholders' equity.
           Gains and losses on forward currency exchange contracts that do not
           qualify as hedges are recognized as other income or expense.

       Per Share Information:

        Income per share is based on the weighted average number of shares
           outstanding during each period.  Shares used in the per share
           calculations were 8,609,431 in 1995, 8,602,077 in 1994 and 8,537,375
           in 1993.

       Reclassifications:

        Certain amounts in prior years' consolidated financial statements have
           been reclassified to conform with the presentation used in 1995.

       Use of Estimates:

        The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally
           accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates
           and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
           liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at
           the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of
           revenues and expenses during the reported period.  Actual results
           could differ from these estimates.





                                      -8-
<PAGE>   17
                       WALBRO CORPORATION & SUBSIDIARIES


                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (Continued)
                                      
NOTE 2.  JOINT VENTURES.

        The investments in joint ventures as of December 31 are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                          Percent Beneficial Ownership
                                                                                      -------------------------------------
                                                                                      1995            1994             1993
                                                                                      ----            ----             ----
               <S>                                                                   <C>               <C>             <C>
               Marwal Systems, S.A.                                                   49%               49%             49%
               Mitsuba-Walbro, Inc.                                                   50%               50%             50%
               Marwal do Brasil, Ltda.                                                49%               49%             49%
               Korea Automotive Fuel Systems, Ltd.                                    49%               49%             --%
</TABLE>


        The above joint ventures are generally involved in the design and
           manufacture of precision fuel systems products for the global
           automotive market.

        All of the above investments in joint ventures are accounted for using
           the equity method.  Certain adjustments are made to the joint
           ventures' income so that recorded income is stated in accordance
           with United States generally accepted accounting principles.  At
           December 31, 1995 and 1994, the cumulative effect of these
           adjustments was to increase the Company's equity in its joint
           ventures by approximately $2,102,000 and $1,300,000, respectively.
           At December 31, 1995, the amount included in retained earnings as
           undistributed earnings of foreign joint ventures was approximately
           $4,380,000.

        In December 1994, the Company entered into a joint venture (Korea
           Automotive Fuel Systems, Ltd.) with Daewoo Precision Industries in
           Korea.  Korea Automotive Fuel Systems, Ltd. manufactures fuel
           sending units for the Korean automotive market.

        In February 1993, the Company entered into a joint venture (Marwal do
           Brasil, Ltda.) with Magneti Marelli, S.p.A. in Brazil.  Marwal do
           Brasil, Ltda. manufactures and markets fuel system components to
           customers in South America.





                                      -9-
<PAGE>   18
                       WALBRO CORPORATION & SUBSIDIARIES


                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (Continued)
                                      
        Summarized combined financial information for joint ventures accounted
           for under the equity method is as follows (unaudited, in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                              As of December 31,
                                                                                   ---------------------------------------
                                                                                    1995            1994            1993
                                                                                   -------         -------         -------
                   <S>                                                           <C>              <C>            <C>
                   Balance sheet data:
                     Current assets                                                $60,504          $53,160        $35,773
                     Non-current assets                                             36,629           26,069         20,140
                     Current liabilities                                            49,081           48,160         36,672
                     Non-current liabilities                                         1,657              786            882

<CAPTION>
                                                                                           Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                   ---------------------------------------
                                                                                     1995           1994            1993
                                                                                   --------        -------         -------
                   <S>                                                           <C>              <C>             <C>
                   Income statement data:
                     Net sales                                                    $170,902         $137,873        $80,722
                     Gross margin                                                   20,500           29,283         15,063
                     Income before provision                                      
                       for income taxes                                             11,641            8,136            962
                     Net income                                                      7,366            5,164            466
</TABLE>

        Dividends from joint ventures of approximately $415,000, $38,000 and
           $45,000 were received by the Company during 1995, 1994 and 1993,
           respectively.  The Company had sales to joint ventures of
           approximately $29,280,000, $20,407,000 and $20,456,000 for 1995,
           1994 and 1993, respectively.  Included in accounts receivable are
           trade receivables from joint ventures of approximately $9,583,000,
           $7,349,000 and $1,882,000 for 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively.
           The Company had purchases from joint ventures of approximately
           $22,977,000, $15,329,000 and $11,820,000 for 1995, 1994 and 1993,
           respectively.  Included in accounts payable are trade payables to
           joint ventures of approximately $3,995,000, $782,000 and $1,120,000
           for 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively.





                                      -10-
<PAGE>   19
                       WALBRO CORPORATION & SUBSIDIARIES


                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (Continued)

NOTE 3.  INVESTMENTS.

        Effective January 1, 1994, the Company adopted SFAS No. 115,
           "Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities."
           This Statement requires that certain investments be classified into
           three separate categories: "held-to-maturity", "available-for-sale",
           and "trading," each with different accounting treatment.  The
           Company classified its investments in common stock securities as
           "available-for-sale" which required the Company to record these
           investments at fair market value and record the gross unrealized
           holding gains and losses, after-tax, as a separate component of
           stockholders' equity.  The impact of adoption at January 1, 1994 was
           to increase investments by approximately $3,225,000 and to increase
           stockholders' equity by $2,096,000, net of income taxes.

        As of December 31, 1995 and 1994, the fair market value of the
           Company's investments classified as "available-for-sale" was
           approximately $5,456,000 and $6,256,000, respectively, including
           gross unrealized holding gains of approximately $1,272,000 ($827,000
           after-tax) and $2,197,000 ($1,428,000 after-tax), respectively.  At
           December 31, 1995 and 1994, the fair market value of the Company's
           investments classified as "trading" was $2,641,000 and $3,304,000,
           respectively.  The change in net unrealized holding gain included in
           earnings was not significant.

NOTE 4.  DYNO ACQUISITION.

        On July 27, 1995, the Company acquired the plastic fuel tank business
           of Dyno Industrier A.S (Dyno), Oslo, Norway for $129,758,000 in cash
           which is subject to certain subsequent adjustments as defined in the
           Purchase Agreement.  Dyno is a leading designer, manufacturer and
           marketer of plastic fuel tank systems and components to many
           European vehicle manufacturers and has operations in Belgium,
           France, Germany, Norway, Spain and the United Kingdom.





                                      -11-
<PAGE>   20
                      WALBRO CORPORATION & SUBSIDIARIES


                 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (Continued)

        The acquisition was accounted for under the purchase method, and
           accordingly, the assets purchased and liabilities assumed in the
           acquisition are reflected in the accompanying consolidated balance
           sheet as of December 31, 1995 and the operations since the date of
           acquisition are included in the accompanying consolidated statement
           of income and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 1995.
           Goodwill resulting from this transaction is being amortized over 40
           years using the straight-line method.  The purchase price was
           allocated to the purchased assets and liabilities as follows (in
           thousands):

<TABLE>
           <S>                                                              <C>
           Cash consideration paid to seller, net of cash
             acquired of $15,669                                            $ 114,089
           Fees and expenses                                                    2,194
           ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
           Cost of acquisition, net of cash acquired                        $ 116,283
                                                                            ===========

           Accounts receivable                                              $  42,237
           Inventory                                                           16,330
           Property, plant and equipment                                       90,792
           Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                           (43,709)
           Notes payable                                                       (5,663)
           Other assets purchased and liabilities assumed, net                  1,636
           Goodwill                                                            14,660
           ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
           Total cost allocation                                            $ 116,283
                                                                            ===========
</TABLE>   

        In connection with the acquisition, the Company will be required to
           relocate certain facilities.  The Company anticipates it will incur
           costs to move to the new facilities and involuntarily terminate or
           relocate employees in addition to other costs directly associated
           with the acquisition.  The Company has recorded a liability of
           approximately $7,758,000 related to these costs in purchase
           accounting.  The Company expects the relocation of these facilities
           and employees to be substantially completed during 1996.

        The purchase price and related allocation may be revised within one
           year from the acquisition based on revisions of preliminary
           estimates of fair values and final working capital acquired made at
           the date of purchase.  Such changes are not expected to be
           significant.

        Assuming the acquisition had taken place as of the beginning of 1995
           and 1994, the consolidated pro forma results of operations of the
           Company would have been as follows, after giving effect to certain
           adjustments, including depreciation and amortization adjustments,
           increased interest expense, elimination of certain costs assumed by
           the seller and the related income tax effects:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                      Year ended December 31,
                                                                                      ------------------------
                                                                                   1995                      1994
                                                                                   ----                      ----
                                                                                     (Unaudited, In Thousands)
           <S>                                                                    <C>                        <C>
           Net sales                                                              $581,291                   $472,352
           Net income                                                              $12,336                     $6,297
           Net income per common share                                              $ 1.43                      $ .73
</TABLE>   





                                      -12-
<PAGE>   21
                      WALBRO CORPORATION & SUBSIDIARIES


                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (Continued)


        The pro forma information above does not purport to be indicative of
           the results that actually would have been achieved if the operations
           were combined during the periods presented, and is not intended to
           be a projection of future results or trends.

NOTE 5.  OTHER ACQUISITIONS.

        In January 1995, the Company acquired an 80% interest in U.S. CoEXCELL,
           Inc. for $60,000 in cash plus the forgiveness of debt owed to Walbro
           of $3,113,000.  U.S. CoEXCELL, Inc. manufactures and markets blow
           molded plastic drums. The acquisition was accounted for under the
           purchase method, and accordingly, the assets purchased and
           liabilities assumed in the acquisition have been reflected in the
           accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 1995 and
           the operations since the acquisition are included in the
           accompanying consolidated statement of income and cash flows for the
           year ended December 31, 1995. Goodwill resulting from this
           transaction is being amortized over 40 years using the straight-line
           method.  The purchase price was allocated to the purchased assets
           and liabilities as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
           <S>                                                                <C>
           Cash consideration paid to seller, net of cash                     $ 3,068
            acquired of $ 105
           Fees and expenses                                                        -
           ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
           Cost of acquisition, net of cash acquired                          $ 3,068
                                                                              =========

           Accounts receivable                                                $   146
           Inventory                                                              429
           Property, plant and equipment                                        2,643
           Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                            (1,614)
           Long-term debt                                                        (874)
           Goodwill                                                             2,338
           ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

           Total cost allocation                                              $ 3,068
                                                                              ========
</TABLE>   

        In January 1994, the Company acquired a 60% interest in Fujian Hualong
           Carburetor Co., Ltd. (Fujian), which manufactures and markets
           carburetors for two-wheeled vehicles in China.  In connection with
           the acquisition, the Company exchanged approximately $1,500,000 for
           a 60% ownership interest in Fujian.  This acquisition was accounted
           for as a purchase.  The purchase price approximated the fair value
           of the net assets acquired.  Fujian is included in the Company's
           consolidated financial statements from the date of purchase.  In
           November 1995, the Company acquired an additional 10% of Fujian for
           $250,000.

        In May 1994, the Company acquired a 100% ownership interest in an
           engineering firm in Canada (Walbro Canada) for an aggregate purchase
           price of $352,000.  This acquisition was accounted for as a
           purchase.  The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of
           the net assets acquired was approximately $424,000 and is being
           amortized over 15 years.  Walbro Canada is included in the Company's
           consolidated financial statements from the date of purchase.





                                      -13-
<PAGE>   22
                      WALBRO CORPORATION & SUBSIDIARIES


                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (Continued)


        In April 1993, the Company purchased the interests of its joint venture
           partners in Walbro Korea Ltd. for a purchase price of approximately
           $640,000, including related expenses.  As a result, the Company now
           has 100% ownership.  Prior to this purchase, the Company owned 50%
           of Walbro Korea Ltd.'s common stock and accounted for its investment
           under the equity method of accounting.  This acquisition was
           accounted for as a purchase.  The excess of the purchase price over
           the fair value of net assets acquired was approximately $800,000 and
           is being amortized over 40 years.  Walbro Korea Ltd. is included in
           the Company's consolidated financial statements from the date of
           purchase.

        Pro forma results of these acquisitions, assuming they had taken place
           at the beginning of each year presented, would not be materially
           different from the results reported.

NOTE 6.  LONG LIVED ASSETS AND INTANGIBLES.

        As of January 1, 1996, the Company will adopt SFAS No. 121, "Accounting
           for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to
           be Disposed of," which requires a review of long-lived assets and
           identifiable intangibles for impairment whenever circumstances
           indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be
           realizable.  The impact of adoption is not anticipated to be
           material.

NOTE 7.  REORGANIZATION AND RESTRUCTURING CHARGES.

        During 1993, the Company recorded a pretax charge of $1,760,000 for
           employee separation costs in connection with a management
           reorganization, of which $1,006,000 was paid during the year.  The
           remaining amount of $754,000 was paid during 1994.





                                      -14-
<PAGE>   23
                      WALBRO CORPORATION & SUBSIDIARIES


                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (Continued)

NOTE 8.  LONG-TERM DEBT AND LINES OF CREDIT.

        Long-term debt consisted of the following at December 31:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                      1995         1994         1993
                                                                                     -------      -------      -------
                                                                                               (In Thousands)
        <S>                                                                         <C>          <C>           <C>
        Senior notes due 2005, unsecured, stated interest at 9.875% (9.92%
           effective interest rate) net of unamortized discount of $369,000           $109,631      $   -          $  -
        Revolving credit facility, secured, interest at the agent's base
           rate plus an additional margin(see below)                                    57,258          -             -
        Term loan from the State of Connecticut, secured, interest at 6% per
           annum, payable in monthly amounts from 1997 to 2005                             800          -             -
        Senior notes, secured, interest at 7.68%, payable in annual amounts
           from 1998 to 2004                                                            45,000       45,000           -
        Revolving credit loan, interest rate from LIBOR plus 5/8% to prime,
           unsecured                                                                      -             -          28,750
        Industrial revenue bond, issued by Town of Ossian, Indiana, interest
           at a variable municipal bond rate, due in 2023                                9,000        9,000         9,000
        Industrial revenue bond, issued by City of Ligonier, Indiana,
           interest at a variable municipal bond rate plus 1%, payable in
           annual amounts from 2003 to 2007                                              6,300        6,300         6,300
        Foreign bank note, payable in Japanese yen, interest at Japanese
           prime                                                                          -           7,519         6,708
        Foreign bank note, payable in Chinese renminbi, interest at 9.8%,
           repaid in 1995                                                                 -             348           -
        ESOP credit agreement, interest rate which approximates 86% of
           prime, payable in annual installments of $408,000                             1,225        1,634         2,042
        Capital lease obligations, interest at 7.5%, payable in monthly
           amounts through February 2002                                                 4,195        4,710           -
        Term loan, unsecured, interest at 6%, payable in monthly amounts
           through 2005                                                                    563          -             -
        Note payable to the City of Maumee, Ohio, interest at 4%, payable in
           monthly amounts through 2004                                                    302          -             -
        Other                                                                              201           67           -
                                                                                  ----------------------------------------
                                                                                       234,475       74,578        52,800
        Less - current portion                                                           1,086        8,442           408
                                                                                  ----------------------------------------
                                                                                     $ 233,389      $66,136       $52,392
                                                                                  ========================================
</TABLE>





                                      -15-
<PAGE>   24
                       WALBRO CORPORATION & SUBSIDIARIES


                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                  (Continued)

        In July 1995, the Company sold $110,000,000 in aggregate principal
           amount of 9.875% Senior Notes due 2005 (the Notes).  The Notes are
           general unsecured obligations of the Company with interest payable
           semi-annually.  The Notes are guaranteed on a senior unsecured
           basis, jointly and severally, by each of the Company's principal
           wholly-owned domestic operating subsidiaries and certain of its
           indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries.  Except as noted below, the
           Notes are not redeemable at the Company's option prior to July 15,
           2000.  Thereafter, the Notes will be redeemable, in whole or part,
           at the option of the Company at various redemption prices as set
           forth in the Note Indenture, plus accrued and unpaid interest
           thereon to the redemption date.  In addition, prior to July 15,
           1998, the Company may, at its option, redeem up to an aggregate of
           30% of the principal amount of the Notes originally issued with the
           net proceeds from one or more public equity offerings at the
           redemption price specified in the Note Indenture plus accrued
           interest to the date of redemption.  Also in the event of a change
           in control, the Company will be obligated to make an offer to
           purchase all of the outstanding Notes at a redemption price of 101%
           of the principal amount thereof plus accrued interest to the date of
           repurchase.  Also, in certain circumstances, the Company will be
           required to make an offer to repurchase the Notes at a price equal
           to 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued interest to
           the date of repurchase, with the net cash proceeds of certain asset
           sales.

        In July 1995, the Company executed a new $135,000,000 credit facility
           (Credit Facility).  The Credit Facility consists of a $135,000,000
           multi-currency revolving loan facility for the Company and certain
           of its wholly-owned domestic and foreign subsidiaries, including a
           $5,000,000 swing line facility and a $17,000,000 letter of credit
           facility.  The Credit Facility has an initial term of five years,
           with annual one year extensions of the revolving credit portion of
           the facility available at the lender's discretion.  At any time
           within three years after closing of the Credit Facility, the Company
           may convert up to $70,000,000 of revolving credit loans under the
           Credit Facility to term loans in minimum amounts of $15,000,000 with
           maturities not exceeding seven years from the closing of the Credit
           Facility.  Borrowings under the Credit Facility bear interest at a
           per annum rate equal to the agent's base rate or the prevailing
           interbank offered rate in the applicable offshore currency market,
           plus an additional margin ranging from 0.5% to 1.75% based on the
           specific financial ratios of the Company.  Borrowings under the
           Credit Facility bore interest at rates ranging from 7.5% to 8.5% as
           of December 31, 1995.  The Company will also be required to pay a
           quarterly unused facility fee of 0.08% to 0.5%, based on the
           Company's funded debt ratio.  Borrowings under the Credit Facility
           are secured by first liens on the inventory, accounts receivable and
           certain intangibles of the Company and its wholly-owned domestic
           subsidiaries and by a pledge of 100% of the stock of wholly-owned
           domestic subsidiaries and 65% of the stock of wholly-owned foreign
           subsidiaries.  Collateral for the Credit Facility secures the Senior
           Notes on an equal and ratable basis.  The Company and its
           wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries guarantee payment of domestic and
           foreign borrowings under the Credit Facility.  The Company's
           wholly-owned foreign subsidiaries guarantee payment of foreign
           borrowings under the Credit Facility.





                                      -16-
<PAGE>   25
                       WALBRO CORPORATION & SUBSIDIARIES


                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                  (Continued)

        In November 1995, the Company executed with the State of Connecticut, a
           ten-year provisional term loan, in the original principal amount of
           $3,400,000, to be used exclusively for the purchase of equipment and
           certain construction costs. The loan requires payment of interest
           only for the first two years at a fixed rate equal to 6% per annum
           and then repayment in equal monthly installments of principal and
           interest over the remaining eight years with a balloon payment of
           $1,387,000 at the end of the ten year contractual agreement.
           However, if the Company meets certain employment targets and other
           measures, some or all of this loan is forgivable during this ten
           year period.

        In October 1994, the Company sold $45,000,000 of 7.68% senior notes
           (Senior Notes).  The Senior Notes require quarterly interest
           payments due January 1, April 1, July 1 and October 1.  The
           agreement requires the Company to maintain a funded debt to total
           capital ratio not greater than .65 to 1 among other measures.

        The Credit Facility contains numerous restrictive covenants including
           but not limited to, the following matters: (i) maintenance of
           certain financial ratios and compliance with certain financial tests
           and limitations which become increasingly restrictive with the
           passage of time; (ii) limitations on payment of dividends,
           incurrence of additional indebtedness and granting of certain liens;
           (iii) restrictions on mergers, acquisitions, asset sales, sales of
           subsidiary stock, capital expenditures and investments; (iv)
           issuance of preferred stock by subsidiaries and (v) sale and
           leaseback transactions.  The Company received waivers and amendments
           to certain financial covenants from its lenders at December 31, 1995
           due to non-compliance with such covenants.

        During 1994, the Company entered into an agreement to lease certain
           machinery under terms which qualified as a capital lease.  As of
           December 31, 1995 and 1994, assets recorded under this capital lease
           were approximately $5,032,000 and $5,109,000, respectively, net of
           accumulated amortization of approximately $95,000 and $18,000,
           respectively.

        Aggregate minimum principal payment requirements on long-term debt,
           including capital lease obligations, in each of the five years
           subsequent to December 31, 1995 are as follows:  1996 - $1,086,000;
           1997 - $1,252,000; 1998 - $7,949,000; 1999 - $7,596,000; 2000 -
           $64,603,000, and thereafter - $151,989,000.

        In addition to long-term debt, the Company and its subsidiaries have
           line of credit arrangements with foreign banks for short-term
           borrowings of approximately $17,191,000, $11,919,000 and $7,200,000
           at December 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively.  The weighted
           average interest rate on short-term bank borrowings outstanding
           under these arrangements was 6.1%, 6.7% and 5.6% as of December 31,
           1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively.





                                      -17-
<PAGE>   26
                       WALBRO CORPORATION & SUBSIDIARIES


                 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (Continued)

NOTE 9.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES.

        The manufacture of automotive components entails the risk that a
           customer or governmental authority may require the recall of one of
           the Company's products or a product in which one of the Company's
           products has been installed.  The Company has taken and will
           continue to take all reasonable precautions to avoid the risk of
           exposure to a recall or warranty claim that would have a material
           effect on the financial position of the Company.  The Company does
           not believe that significant insurance coverage is available to
           protect against potential product recall/warranty liability.  The
           Company provides for warranty claims on its products on a specific
           identification basis.

        Management believes that any liability resulting from these matters
           will not have a material impact on the financial position or future
           results of operations of the Company.

NOTE 10.  INCOME TAXES.

        A summary of income before provision for income taxes, minority
           interest, equity in (income) loss of joint ventures and cumulative
           effect of accounting change, and components of the provision are as
           follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                      1995           1994           1993
                                                                                     -------        -------        -------
                                                                                                  (In Thousands)
                   <S>                                                                 <C>            <C>            <C>
                   Income before provision for income taxes,
                     minority interest, equity in (income)
                     loss of joint ventures and cumulative
                     effect of accounting change:
                       Domestic                                                        $ 4,268        $12,873        $12,765
                       Foreign                                                           7,415          5,029          4,465
                                                                                     ----------------------------------------
                                                                                       $11,683        $17,902        $17,230
                                                                                     ========================================
                   Provision for income taxes:
                     Currently payable-
                       Domestic                                                         $  843        $ 3,313        $ 4,923
                       Foreign                                                           2,977          1,674          1,931
                       Utilization of tax credits                                       (3,182)          (605)        (1,075)
                                                                                     ----------------------------------------
                                                                                           638          4,382          5,779
                                                                                     ----------------------------------------
                     Deferred-
                       Domestic                                                            945          1,067         (1,161)
                       Foreign                                                            (325)           (14)          (309)
                       Effect of change in U.S. statutory
                         rate                                                                -             -             (90)
                       Change in beginning of year
                         valuation allowance                                                 -            389            355
                                                                                     ----------------------------------------
                                                                                           620          1,442         (1,205)
                                                                                     ----------------------------------------

                                                                                        $1,258        $ 5,824        $ 4,574
                                                                                     ========================================
</TABLE>





                                      -18-
<PAGE>   27
                      WALBRO CORPORATION & SUBSIDIARIES


                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (Continued)

        Reconciliations of the U.S. Federal statutory income tax rates to the
           Company's consolidated effective income tax rates applicable to
           continuing operations are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                1995          1994           1993
                                                                              -------        -------        -------
           <S>                                                                 <C>             <C>            <C>
           U.S. Federal statutory income tax rate                               35.0%          35.0%          35.0%
           Increase (decrease) in effective income
             tax rate resulting from-
               Differences between U.S. and
                 foreign income tax rates                                        2.1           (1.2)            .3
               Utilization of tax credits                                      (27.2)          (3.4)          (6.3)
               Increase in valuation allowance                                    -             2.2            2.1
               Goodwill amortization                                             1.4             .9             .9
               Other, net                                                        (.5)          (1.0)          (5.5)
                                                                             -----------------------------------------
           
           Effective income tax rates                                           10.8%          32.5%          26.5%
                                                                             =========================================
</TABLE>


        The components of the net deferred income tax (asset) liability at
           December 31 are summarized as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>  
                                                                             1995           1994            1993
                                                                           -------        -------         -------
                                                                                       (In Thousands)
           <S>                                                           <C>            <C>            <C>
           Deferred income tax liabilities:
                    Depreciation and basis difference                      $ 9,534        $ 5,342        $ 4,958
                    Employee benefits                                           57          1,470          1,535
                    Income of joint ventures                                     -            -              556
                    Basis difference on foreign currency contracts             193            910            999
           
                    Unrealized gain on securities available for sale           416            739            -
           
                    Other                                                       80            483            660
                                                                         ------------------------------------------
                                                                            10,280          8,944          8,708
                                                                         ------------------------------------------
           Deferred income tax assets:
                    Estimated net operating loss carryforwards              (4,231)          (585)          (585)
                    Employee benefits                                       (3,609)        (3,552)        (3,135)
                    Accruals                                                  (208)          (238)        (1,276)
                    Minimum pension liability adjustment                       (32)           -             (274)
                    Inventory                                                 (585)          (613)          (611)
                    Accounts and notes receivable reserve                      (36)          (159)          (179)
                    Write-down of investment                                  (368)          (368)          (368)
                    Loss of joint ventures                                  (1,032)        (2,072)        (2,646)
                    Other                                                     (803)          (207)          (150)
                                                                         ------------------------------------------
                                                                           (10,904)        (7,794)        (9,224)
                    Valuation allowance                                        744            744            355
                                                                         ------------------------------------------
                                                                           (10,160)        (7,050)        (8,869)
                                                                         ------------------------------------------
           
           Net deferred income tax (asset) liability                       $   120        $ 1,894         $ (161)
                                                                         ==========================================
</TABLE>





                                      -19-
<PAGE>   28
                       WALBRO CORPORATION & SUBSIDIARIES


                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                  (Continued)

        At December 31, 1995, the cumulative amount of undistributed earnings
           of foreign subsidiaries was approximately $21,300,000.  No deferred
           U.S. income taxes have been provided on these earnings as such
           amounts are deemed to be permanently reinvested.  If such earnings
           were remitted, the impact of foreign withholding taxes would not be
           significant.

        As of December 31, 1995, the Company has net operating loss
           carryforwards of approximately $13,832,000, which expire in varying
           amounts between 2003 and 2010, available from certain of its
           subsidiaries.  The Company has recorded a deferred tax asset of
           $4,231,000 associated with these carryforwards.  Realization is
           dependent on generating sufficient taxable income in specific
           countries prior to the expiration of the loss carryforwards.
           Although realization is not assured, management believes it is more
           likely than not that all of the deferred tax asset will be realized.
           The amount of the deferred tax asset considered realizable, however,
           could be reduced in the near term if estimates of future taxable
           income during the carryforward period are reduced.

        Provisions for state income taxes are included in selling and
           administrative expenses and amounted to $1,369,000 in 1995,
           $1,203,000 in 1994 and $722,000 in 1993.

NOTE 11.  STOCK OPTION PLANS AND LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLANS.

        The Company has a stock option plan, the Walbro Corporation 1983
           Incentive Stock Option Plan (1983 Plan), under which 155,850 shares
           of common stock are reserved for issuance to officers and key
           employees.  Options may be granted for periods of up to ten years at
           prices greater than or equal to the market value at the date of
           grant.

        In 1991, the Company adopted an incentive stock option plan, the Walbro
           Corporation Equity Based Long Term Incentive Plan (Incentive Plan)
           under which 856,457 shares of common stock are reserved for issuance
           to officers, directors and key employees.  Options are granted
           yearly based on certain financial performance criteria as compared
           to the annual business plan and other factors.  In addition, Stock
           Performance Award Grants (Grants) are awarded annually when the
           common stock price appreciates and Grants are exchanged for common
           stock at the end of the five-year term.  If the Company's common
           stock price appreciates at a 17% compounded rate over the term, the
           number of Grants awarded, valued at the common stock price, will
           equal the dollar amount necessary to exercise the stock options.
           Participants will receive a greater or lesser number of Grants based
           on the actual market performance of the stock over the term.  The
           number of grants outstanding was 33,294, 30,915 and 31,912 as of
           December 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively.





                                      -20-
<PAGE>   29
                       WALBRO CORPORATION & SUBSIDIARIES


                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (Continued)

        A summary of the stock option transactions of the 1983 Plan and the
           Incentive Plan for the years ended December 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993
           is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                       Number of Shares                           
                                                              ----------------------------------          Option Price
                                                              Exercisable            Outstanding          (per share) 
                                                              -----------            -----------          ------------
           <S>                                                   <C>                 <C>                 <C>
           December 31, 1992                                                          187,859             $ 9.25-26.00
           
              Granted                                                                  73,380              27.13-33.25
              Exercised                                                               (49,111)              9.25-26.00
              Canceled                                                                 (9,116)                   26.00
                                                                                     --------
           
           December 31, 1993                                     152,132              203,012               9.25-33.25
           
              Granted                                                                  88,701                    17.00
              Exercised                                                               (12,794)             10.88-26.00
              Canceled                                                                 (5,808)             10.88-33.25
                                                                                     --------
           
           December 31, 1994                                     184,410              273,111               9.25-33.25
           
              Granted                                                                 174,881              18.00-25.25
              Exercised                                                               (15,400)                   10.88
              Canceled                                                                   (500)                   33.25
                                                                                     --------
           
           December 31, 1995                                     321,695              432,092              $9.25-33.25
                                                                                     ========
           
</TABLE>


        In 1991, the Company approved the Walbro Engine Management Corporation
           (EMC) Incentive Compensation Plan (EMC Plan) which covers selected
           officers and key employees of EMC.  The purpose of the plan is to
           increase the proportion of officer and key employee compensation
           tied to the profitability and cash flow of EMC, a wholly-owned
           subsidiary of the Company.  The EMC Plan requires EMC management to
           amortize over a seven-year period, in annual installments of
           interest and principal, an amount approximating the fair market
           value (FMV) of EMC at July 1, 1991.  If all required payments have
           been made at the end of the fifth plan year, the participants will
           receive an amount equal to 15% of the FMV of EMC.  At that time, if
           the payments made are less than 100% but greater than 70% of the
           required amortization amount, the participants are eligible to
           receive a pro-rata share of the 15% of FMV of EMC based on the
           actual repayment percentage achieved.  The Company has accrued
           approximately $5,044,000, $3,100,000 and $1,480,000 as of December
           31, 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively, under this plan.





                                      -21-
<PAGE>   30
                       WALBRO CORPORATION & SUBSIDIARIES


                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (Continued)

NOTE 12.  POSTRETIREMENT HEALTH BENEFITS.

        The Company provides postretirement health care, dental benefit and
           prescription drug coverage to a limited number of current retirees.
           Postretirement benefits are not available for active employees.

        Effective January 1, 1993, the Company changed its method of accounting
           for the cost of these benefits from a pay-as-you-go (cash) method to
           an accrual method as required by SFAS No. 106, "Employers'
           Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other than Pensions," and
           recognized the unfunded transition obligation of $4,394,000
           ($2,900,000 after-tax) as a one-time cumulative effect of change in
           accounting.

        The following table reconciles the status of the accrued postretirement
           benefit obligation at December 31:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              1995         1994          1993
                                                                            ------        -------       -------
                                                                                        (In Thousands)
           <S>                                                                <C>            <C>         <C>
           Retirees                                                           $4,587         $4,687      $ 5,572
           Fully eligible active plan participants                               -              -            -
           Other active plan participants                                        -              -            -
                                                                           ---------------------------------------
                                                                               4,587          4,687        5,572
           
           Plan assets at fair value                                             -              -            -
           Accumulated postretirement benefit obligation in excess of      
             plan assets                                                       4,587          4,687        5,572
           Unrecognized net loss                                                 (81)          (190)      (1,120)
                                                                           ---------------------------------------
           Accrued postretirement benefit obligation
                                                                              $4,506         $4,497      $ 4,452
                                                                           =======================================
</TABLE>

        The discount rates used in 1995, 1994 and 1993 were 7.25%, 8.5% and
           7.0%, respectively.

        Net periodic postretirement benefit cost consisted of the following for
           the years ended December 31:






<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                  1995        1994      1993
                                                                                  ----        ----      ----
                                                                                        (In Thousands)
           <S>                                                                    <C>         <C>       <C>
           Interest cost                                                          $350        $378      $321
           Amortization of unrecognized net loss                                     -          35         -
                                                                                ------------------------------
                                                                                  $350        $413      $321
                                                                                ==============================
</TABLE>





                                      -22-
<PAGE>   31
                       WALBRO CORPORATION & SUBSIDIARIES


                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (Continued)

        For measurement purposes, an 8% annual rate of increase was assumed in
           per capita cost of covered health and dental care benefits for 1995.
           The rate was assumed to gradually decrease to 5% by the year 2003
           and remain at that level thereafter.  The health care cost trend
           rate assumption has a significant impact on the accumulated
           postretirement benefit obligation and on future amounts accrued.  A
           one percentage point increase each year in the assumed health care
           cost would increase the accumulated postretirement benefit
           obligation at December 31, 1995 by $407,000 and the interest cost
           component of net periodic postretirement benefit cost for the year
           ended December 31, 1996 by $30,000.

NOTE 13.  PENSION PLANS.

        The Company sponsors pension plans covering substantially all domestic
           collectively bargained employees and certain foreign employees.  The
           plan covering domestic collectively bargained employees provides
           benefits of stated amounts for each year of service.  Plans covering
           certain foreign employees provide payments at termination which are
           based upon length of service, compensation rate and whether
           termination was voluntary or involuntary.  The Company annually
           contributes to the plans covering domestic employees and certain
           foreign employees amounts which are actuarially determined to
           provide the plan with sufficient assets to meet future benefit
           payment requirements.  The plans covering foreign employees in
           certain countries are not funded.

        Total pension expense amounted to $251,000 in 1995, $239,000 in 1994
           and $280,000 in 1993.  The Company recognizes currently the amount
           which would be payable if employees covered by certain foreign plans
           terminated voluntarily.  Pension expense for the other plans is
           comprised of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                             1995      1994      1993
                                                                             ----      ----      ----
                                                                                  (In Thousands)
              <S>                                                             <C>       <C>       <C>
              Service cost                                                    $136      $165      $157
              Interest on projected
                benefit obligation                                             263       219       197
              Actual return on assets                                         (240)     (182)     (297)
              Net amortization and deferral                                     12        16       171
                                                                           -----------------------------
              
                                                                              $171      $218      $228
                                                                           =============================
</TABLE>      




                                      -23-
<PAGE>   32
                      WALBRO CORPORATION & SUBSIDIARIES


                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (Continued)

        The following table summarizes the funded status of the Company's
           defined benefit pension plans and the related amounts recognized in
           the Company's consolidated balance sheets as of December 31:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                 1995         1994         1993
                                                                               -------       -------      -------
                                                                                          (In Thousands)
           <S>                                                                   <C>          <C>          <C>
           Actuarial present value of benefit obligation-
             Vested                                                              $(4,022)     $(2,319)     $(3,134)
             Nonvested                                                              (767)        (314)        (282)
                                                                             ---------------------------------------
                                                                                                                    
             Accumulated benefit obligation                                       (4,789)      (2,633)      (3,416) 
             Effects of salary progression                                           -           -            -     
                                                                             ---------------------------------------
                                                                                                                    
             Projected benefit obligation                                         (4,789)      (2,633)      (3,416) 
                                                                             ---------------------------------------
           Plan assets-                                                                                             
             Cash equivalents                                                        270          321          344  
             Equity securities                                                     3,435        2,438        2,350  
                                                                             ---------------------------------------
                                                                                                                    
                                                                                   3,705        2,759        2,694   
                                                                             ---------------------------------------
           Projected benefit obligation under (over)                                                                
             plan assets                                                          (1,084)         126         (722) 
           Unamortized net asset at transition                                       (53)         (75)         (97) 
           Unamortized net (gain) loss                                               227          (74)         891  
           Adjustment to recognize minimum liability                              (1,038)         -         (1,108) 
           Unrecognized prior service cost                                           864          498          314  
                                                                             ---------------------------------------
           Pension asset (liability) recorded in the                                                                
             consolidated balance sheets                                         $(1,084)     $   475      $  (722) 
                                                                             =======================================

</TABLE>

        The assumptions used in determining the funded status information shown
           above were as follows:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          1995           1994        1993
                                                                          ----           ----        ----
           
           <S>                                                        <C>                <C>         <C>
           Discount rate                                              7.25 - 7.5%        8.5%        6.5%
           Long-term rate of return on assets                             8.5%           8.5%        6.5%
</TABLE>   

        The Company also sponsors a defined contribution plan for non-union
           domestic employees under which the Company will make matching
           contributions of 50% of each participant's before-tax contribution
           (up to 6% of the participant's annual income) and retirement
           contribution of up to 3% (subject to change on an annual basis) of a
           participant's annual income.  The cost of defined contributions
           charged to earnings during 1995, 1994 and 1993 was approximately
           $2,255,000, $1,431,000 and $1,416,000, respectively.





                                      -24-
<PAGE>   33
                       WALBRO CORPORATION & SUBSIDIARIES


                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (Continued)

        Certain non-union employees, excluding officers, are eligible to
           participate in the Walbro Corporation Employee Stock Ownership Plan
           (ESOP).  The Company will make annual contributions to a trust in
           the form of either cash or common stock of the Company.  The amount
           of the annual contribution is discretionary, except that it must be
           sufficient to enable the trust to meet its current obligations.  The
           Company has guaranteed the ESOP's loan and is obligated to
           contribute sufficient cash to the trust to repay the loan.
           Contribution expense related to the ESOP amounted to $515,000,
           $365,000 and $302,000 in 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively.
           Contribution expense is net of dividends of $105,000, $210,000 and
           $106,000 in 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively.  As of December 31,
           1995, 1994 and 1993, the following are held by the ESOP:  194,000,
           170,000 and 152,000 allocated shares, respectively, and 56,000,
           82,000 and 109,000 suspense (unallocated) shares, respectively,
           which are all committed-to-be-released.

NOTE 14.  DISCLOSURES ABOUT DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND FAIR VALUE OF
        FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS.

        The Company is a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet
           risk in the normal course of business to help meet financing needs
           and to reduce exposure to fluctuating foreign currency exchange
           rates.  The Company is exposed to credit loss in the event of
           nonperformance by the other parties to the financial instruments
           described below.  However, the Company does not anticipate
           nonperformance by the other parties.  The Company does not engage in
           trading activities with these financial instruments and does not
           generally require collateral or other security to support these
           financial instruments.  The notional amounts of derivatives
           summarized below do not represent the amounts exchanged by the
           parties and, thus, are not a measure of the exposure of the Company
           through its use of derivatives.  The amounts exchanged are
           calculated on the basis of the notional amounts and the other terms
           of the derivatives.

       Financial Instruments with Off-Balance Sheet Risk

        The Company enters into forward currency exchange contracts to manage
           its foreign currency exchange risk.  There were no contracts
           outstanding as of December 31, 1995.  As of December 31, 1994 and
           1993, the notional amounts of contracts outstanding were $14,000,000
           and $30,000,000, respectively.

        The Company enters into forward currency exchange contracts to manage
           its exposure against foreign currency fluctuations related to firm
           commitments.  As of December 31, 1994, the Company had one forward
           currency exchange contract which matured in 1995 and exchanged
           86,332,000 French francs.  Total losses on this contract of
           approximately $1,800,000 were recorded as a deferred asset during
           1994.  This asset is being recognized based on actual purchases of
           the related commitments.  The amounts included in the equity in
           (income) loss of joint ventures in the accompanying consolidated
           statements of income related to this contract for the year ending
           December 31, 1995 and 1994 is approximately $720,000 and $600,000,
           respectively.  The balance remaining to be amortized at December
           31,1995 and 1994 is $480,000 and $1,200,000, respectively.





                                      -25-
<PAGE>   34
                       WALBRO CORPORATION & SUBSIDIARIES


                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (Continued)


        The Company enters into forward currency exchange contracts to hedge
           its equity investments in certain foreign joint ventures.  During
           1994, the Company had one forward currency exchange contract, which
           matured during 1994, which exchanged 44,100,000 French francs.  At
           December 31, 1994, losses of $1,020,000 on a hedge of a net
           investment in a foreign joint venture are included in stockholders'
           equity.

        The Company enters into forward currency exchange contracts to reduce
           its exposure against fluctuations in foreign currency exchange
           rates.  During 1995, the Company had twenty-one forward currency
           exchange contracts which matured during 1995, which exchanged
           1,015,000,000 Japanese yen and 15,300,000 Singapore dollars.  During
           1994, the Company had twenty-one forward currency exchange contracts
           which matured during 1994, which exchanged 1,133,000,000 Japanese
           yen, 20,100,000 Deutsche marks and 15,100,000 Singapore dollars.
           The amounts included in foreign currency exchange loss in the
           accompanying consolidated statements of income related to these
           contracts were a gain of $929,000 for the year ending December 31,
           1995 and a loss of $1,200,000 for the year ending December 31, 1994.


       Fair Value of Financial Instruments

        The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair
           value of each class of financial instruments for which it is
           practicable to estimate that value:

             Cash and short-term financial instruments

               The fair values are estimated to be equal to carrying values
                 because of the short-term, highly liquid nature of these
                 instruments.

             Notes receivable

               The fair value is estimated using the expected future cash flows
                 discounted at current interest rates.

             Marketable equity securities

               The fair value of marketable equity securities is estimated by
                 quoted market prices when the investment is traded on a public
                 stock exchange.  For investments not publicly traded, a
                 combination of book value and fair market value of assets is
                 used.

             Long-term debt

               The fair value of the Company's public debt is estimated using
                 quoted market prices.  The fair value of the Company's other
                 long-term debt is estimated using the expected future cash
                 flows discounted at the current interest rates offered to the
                 Company for debt of the same remaining maturities.





                                     -26-
<PAGE>   35
                       WALBRO CORPORATION & SUBSIDIARIES


                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (Continued)

                                       
             Forward currency exchange contracts

               The fair value of forward currency exchange contracts is
                 estimated by obtaining quotes from brokers.

               The estimated fair values of the Company's financial instruments
                 are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            1995                     1994                   1993
                                                      -----------------       -----------------       -----------------
                                                    Carrying      Fair       Carrying       Fair     Carrying     Fair
                                                      Value       Value        Value       Value       Value      Value
                                                    --------     -------     --------     -------    --------    -------
                                                                            (In Thousands)
                     <S>                             <C>         <C>          <C>         <C>         <C>        <C>
                       Notes receivable              $   460     $   460      $ 4,366     $ 4,860     $ 3,616    $ 4,049
                       Long-term debt                234,475     232,865       74,578      73,513      52,800     52,542
                       Forward currency
                         exchange contracts           (1,200)     (1,200)      (1,800)     (1,800)       -           (73)
</TABLE>


NOTE 15.  LEASES.

        The Company has leased certain of its buildings, equipment and vehicles
           under operating leases.  The leases involving buildings contain
           options enabling the Company to renew the leases at the end of the
           respective lease terms. Rent expense was approximately $4,761,000,
           $3,324,000 and $2,655,000 in 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively.

        Aggregate minimum future rentals under noncancellable leases are as
           follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     Capital         Operating
                                                                     Leases           Leases
                                                                     -------         ---------
                                                                          (In Thousands)
           <S>                                                        <C>               <C>
           1996                                                         $850             $6,318
           1997                                                          850              4,480
           1998                                                          850              3,683
           1999                                                          850              3,516
           2000                                                          850              1,952
           Thereafter                                                  1,000                234
                                                                   ------------------------------
                                                                   
             Total minimum lease payments                              5,250            $20,183
                                                                                 ================
           Amount representing interest                                1,055
                                                                   ------------
             Present value of net future                           
               minimum lease payments                                 $4,195
                                                                   ============                  
</TABLE>





                                      -27-
<PAGE>   36
                       WALBRO CORPORATION & SUBSIDIARIES


                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (Continued)

NOTE 16.  ACCRUED LIABILITIES.

        Accrued liabilities consisted of the following at December 31:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    1995          1994          1993
                                                                   -------       -------       ------
                                                                             (In Thousands)
           <S>                                                       <C>          <C>          <C>
           Compensation                                              $ 4,680      $ 5,123      $ 3,941
           Income taxes                                                6,690        2,239        1,498
           Reorganization and restructuring                            7,664         -             754
           Interest                                                    5,352          147          407
           Other                                                       9,966        4,568        4,900
                                                                -----------------------------------------

                                                                     $34,352      $12,077      $11,500
                                                                =========================================
</TABLE>


NOTE 17.  STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY.

        The Company has a stock rights plan which entitles the holder of each
          right, upon the occurrence of certain events, to purchase one
          one-hundredth of a share of a new series of preferred stock for $75.
          Furthermore, if the Company is involved in a merger or other business
          combination at any time after the rights become exercisable, the
          rights will entitle the holder to buy the number of shares of common
          stock of the acquiring company having a market value of twice the
          then current exercise price of each right.  Alternatively, if a 15%
          or more shareholder acquires the Company by means of a reverse merger
          in which the Company and its stock survives, or engages in
          self-dealing transactions with the Company, or if any person acquires
          50% or more of the Company's common stock, then each right not owned
          by a 15% or more shareholder will become exercisable for the number
          of shares of common stock of the Company having a market value of
          twice the then current exercise price of each right.  The rights,
          which do not have voting rights, expire in December 1998 and may be
          redeemed by the Company at a price of $.01 per right at any time
          prior to their expiration or the time they become exercisable.

       The Company has authorized 1,000,000 shares of $1.00 par value preferred
          stock.

NOTE 18.  BUSINESS SEGMENT INFORMATION.

        The Company operates through its subsidiaries in the following industry
          segments:

              1. Automotive, which designs, develops and manufactures fuel
          storage and delivery products for a broad range of U.S. and foreign
          manufacturers of passenger automobiles and light trucks (including
          minivans), and
 
              2.  Small Engine, which designs, develops and manufactures
          diaphragm carburetors for portable engines, float feed carburetors
          for ground supported engines and ignition systems and other
          components for a variety of small engine products.  The Company
          includes aftermarket operations for both the automotive and small
          engine markets within its small engine business segment.
 




                                      -28-
<PAGE>   37
                      WALBRO CORPORATION & SUBSIDIARIES


                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (Continued)


        Selected financial information about the Company's business and
           geographic segments are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                       1995           1994           1993
                                                                                     --------       --------       --------
                                                                                                 (In Thousands)

                   <S>                                                                <C>            <C>            <C>
                   Financial Information by Business Segment
                   Net sales to customers:
                     Automotive                                                       $324,963       $204,563       $173,510
                     Small Engine                                                      144,273        134,483        112,660
                     Corporate                                                           4,430          1,022          1,456
                                                                                   ------------------------------------------
                                                                                       473,666        340,068        287,626
                   Eliminations                                                        (14,394)       (14,863)       (14,163)
                                                                                   ------------------------------------------
                   Total net sales                                                    $459,272       $325,205       $273,463
                                                                                   ==========================================

                   Operating profit (loss):

                     Automotive                                                       $ 30,076       $ 24,883       $ 20,416
                     Small Engine                                                       16,607         18,522         16,025
                     Corporate                                                         (31,595)       (22,986)       (19,300)
                                                                                   ------------------------------------------
                   Income before provision for income taxes
                     and cumulative effect of accounting
                     change                                                           $ 15,088       $ 20,419       $ 17,141
                                                                                   ==========================================
                   Identifiable assets:
                     Automotive                                                       $377,975       $155,006       $122,440
                     Small Engine                                                       65,485         64,494         58,121
                     Corporate                                                          50,013         37,866         34,734
                                                                                   ------------------------------------------
                   Total identifiable assets                                          $493,473       $257,366       $215,295
                                                                                   ==========================================
                   Depreciation and amortization:
                     Automotive                                                       $ 12,967       $  6,320       $  5,652
                     Small Engine                                                        6,090          5,841          4,908
                     Corporate                                                           3,394          2,511            779
                                                                                   ------------------------------------------
                   Total depreciation and amortization                                $ 22,451       $ 14,672       $ 11,339
                                                                                   ==========================================
                   Capital Expenditures
                     Automotive                                                       $ 35,609       $ 10,101       $ 15,439
                     Small Engine                                                        9,692          5,113          4,508
                     Corporate                                                             939          3,630            313
                                                                                   ------------------------------------------
                   Total capital expenditures                                         $ 46,240       $ 18,844       $ 20,260
                                                                                   ==========================================

</TABLE>




                                      -29-
<PAGE>   38
                       WALBRO CORPORATION & SUBSIDIARIES


                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (Continued)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                1995           1994           1993
                                                                              --------       --------       --------
                                                                                           (In Thousands)
           <S>                                                                 <C>            <C>              <C>
           Financial Information by Geographic Segment
           Net sales to customers:
             United States                                                     $314,697       $260,710         $215,149
             Europe                                                              88,736           -                -
             Far East and Other Foreign                                          55,839         64,495           58,314
                                                                             -------------------------------------------
                                                                                459,272        325,205          273,463
             Net sales between geographic areas                                  27,663         31,094           28,842
                                                                             -------------------------------------------
                                                                                486,935        356,299          302,305
           Eliminations                                                         (27,663)       (31,094)         (28,842)
                                                                             -------------------------------------------
           Total net sales                                                     $459,272       $325,205         $273,463
                                                                             ===========================================
           Operating profit:
             United States                                                     $ 35,225       $ 37,040         $ 31,791
             Europe                                                               5,352           -                -
             Far East and Other Foreign                                           6,106          6,365            4,650
                                                                             -------------------------------------------
                                                                                 46,683         43,405           36,441
           Corporate, net                                                       (31,595)       (22,986)         (19,300)
                                                                             -------------------------------------------
            Income before provision for income taxes
              and cumulative effect of accounting
              change                                                           $ 15,088       $ 20,419         $ 17,141
                                                                             ===========================================
            
           Identifiable assets:
              United States                                                    $262,020       $224,369         $191,999
              Europe                                                            193,876           -                -
              Far East and Other Foreign                                         37,577         32,997           23,296
                                                                             -------------------------------------------
            Total identifiable assets                                          $493,473       $257,366         $215,295
                                                                             ===========================================
</TABLE>

        Worldwide operations are located in three geographic segments - United
          States, Europe and Far East and Other Foreign.  The Europe geographic
          segment includes operations in Belgium, France, Germany, Norway,
          Spain and the United Kingdom. The Far East and Other Foreign
          geographic segment includes operations in Japan, Singapore, Korea,
          China, Mexico and Canada.  Sales between geographic areas are
          accounted for at cost plus a margin for profit.  Operating profit
          consists of total sales less operating expenses excluding general
          corporate expenses, interest expense and income taxes.  Identifiable
          assets are those assets used in the operations in each geographic
          area.  Export sales from domestic locations were approximately
          $45,485,000, $36,881,000 and $47,876,000 for 1995, 1994 and 1993,
          respectively.

        The net assets of the Company's foreign operations were $29,137,000,
          $24,598,000 and $17,240,000 at December 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993,
          respectively. The Company's share of foreign net income was
          $4,763,000, $3,369,000 and $2,843,000 in 1995, 1994 and 1993,
          respectively.




                                      -30-
<PAGE>   39
                       WALBRO CORPORATION & SUBSIDIARIES


                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (Continued)

        A majority of the Company's sales are to automobile manufacturing
           companies. Sales to certain major customers which exceeded 10% of
           consolidated sales are as follows.  Sales to one such customer
           amounted to 21%, 30% and 30% of consolidated sales in 1995, 1994 and
           1993, respectively.  Sales to another such customer amounted to 19%,
           23% and 21% of consolidated sales in 1995, 1994 and 1993,
           respectively.

        Several other factors could have a significant impact on the continuing
           operations of the Company.  These factors include changes in demand
           for automobiles and light trucks, relationships with significant
           customers, price pressures, the timing and structure of future
           acquisitions or dispositions, the integration of the Dyno acquisition
           into Walbro's overall business, impact of environmental regulations,
           continued availability of adequate funding sources, currency and
           other risks inherent in international sales, and general economic and
           business conditions.

NOTE 19.  SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION.

        In 1995, 1994 and 1993, the Company paid $3,290,000, $6,749,000 and
           $4,458,000 for income taxes and $7,191,000, $4,122,000 and $2,591,000
           for interest, respectively.

NOTE 20. QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED).

        Selected quarterly financial information for the years ended December
           31, 1995 and 1994 is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                 Quarter
                                                          -----------------------------------------------------
                                                                          (In Thousands, Except Per Share Data)
                                                             First        Second         Third         Fourth          Total
                                                            -------       -------       -------        -------        --------
                <S>                                        <C>          <C>           <C>            <C>            <C>
                1995-                                      
                  Net sales                                $98,257      $90,034       $124,495       $146,486       $459,272
                  Cost of sales                             77,550       73,036        105,444        121,725        377,755
                                                           -------      -------        -------        -------        -------
                      Gross profit                         $20,707      $16,998       $ 19,051       $ 24,761       $ 81,517
                                                           =======      =======        =======        =======        =======
                  Net income                               $ 5,088      $ 3,835       $  2,289       $  2,618       $ 13,830
                                                           =======      =======        =======        =======        =======
                  Net income per share                     $   .59      $   .45       $    .27       $    .30       $   1.61
                                                           =======      =======        =======        =======        =======

                1994-                                      
                  Net sales                                $82,205      $83,976        $75,251        $83,773       $325,205
                  Cost of sales                             64,973       66,335         62,130         68,063        261,501
                                                           -------      -------        -------        -------       --------
                         Gross profit                      $17,232      $17,641        $13,121        $15,710       $ 63,704
                                                           =======      =======        =======        =======       ========
                  Net income                               $ 4,499      $ 4,461        $ 2,974        $ 2,661       $ 14,595
                                                           =======      =======        =======        =======        =======
                  Net income per share                     $   .52      $   .52        $   .35        $   .31       $   1.70
                                                           =======      =======        =======        =======       ========
</TABLE>                                                   





                                      -31-
<PAGE>   40
                       WALBRO CORPORATION & SUBSIDIARIES


                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 (Continued)

NOTE 21.  SUBSEQUENT EVENT.

        In February 1996, the Company announced plans to sell its steel fuel
           rail business in Ligonier, Indiana.  Sales at this facility were
           approximately $29,000,000 in 1995.





                                      -32-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21.1
<SEQUENCE>9
<DESCRIPTION>EX-21.1
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1

                                                                    EXHIBIT 21.1

                       SUBSIDIARIES OF WALBRO CORPORATION


<TABLE>                                    
<CAPTION>                              

Name of Subsidiary                               Jurisdiction of Incorporation
- ------------------                               -----------------------------
<S>                                              <C>
Auburn Diecast Corporation                       Michigan
U.S. Coexcell, Inc.                              Ohio
Walbro Capital Pte. Ltd.                         Republic of Singapore
Walbro Automotive Corporation                    Delaware
Walbro Automotive A.S                            Norway
Walbro Automotive do Brasil Ltda.                Brazil
Walbro Automotive Europe S.A.                    France
Walbro Automotive FSC, Inc.                      U.S. Virgin Islands
Walbro Automotive GmbH                           Germany
Walbro Automotive Japan, Inc.                    Japan
Walbro Automotive Limited                        Great Britain
Walbro Automotive N.V.                           Belgium
Walbro Automotive S.A.                           France
Walbro Automotive S.A.                           Spain
Walbro Korea, Ltd.                               Republic of Korea
Walbro Netherlands B.V.                          Netherlands
Sharon Manufacturing Company                     Michigan
Whitehead Engineered Products, Inc.              Delaware
Walbro Engine Management Corporation             Delaware
Walbro de Mexico, S.A. de C.V.                   Mexico
Walbro GmbH                                      Germany
Walbro Japan, Inc.                               Japan
Walbro Singapore Pte. Ltd.                       Republic of Singapore
Walbro Tuscon Corporation                        Delaware
SEM-Walbro Corporation                           Delaware
Tuscon Precision Products                        Delaware
Fujian Hualong Carburetor Co., Ltd.              People's Republic of China
Tianjin Walbro Industries, Ltd.                  People's Republic of China

</TABLE>                               
                                       
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.1
<SEQUENCE>10
<DESCRIPTION>EX-23.1
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                   EXHIBIT 23.1


                  CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS


As independent public accountants, we hereby consent to the incorporation of
our reports included (or incoporated by reference) in this Form 10-K, into the
Company's previously filed Registration Statement File Nos. 33-20841, 33-32068
and 33-48562.




                                         Arthur Andersen LLP


Detroit, Michigan,
March 25, 1996
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27.1
<SEQUENCE>11
<DESCRIPTION>EX-27.1
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 5
<MULTIPLIER> 1,000
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          DEC-31-1995
<PERIOD-START>                             JAN-01-1995
<PERIOD-END>                               DEC-31-1995
<CASH>                                          19,792
<SECURITIES>                                         0
<RECEIVABLES>                                  113,346
<ALLOWANCES>                                         0
<INVENTORY>                                     50,723
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                               199,704
<PP&E>                                         269,693
<DEPRECIATION>                                  63,928
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                 493,473
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                          103,991
<BONDS>                                        233,389
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                          0
<COMMON>                                         4,290
<OTHER-SE>                                     131,137
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                   493,473
<SALES>                                        459,272
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                               459,272
<CGS>                                          377,755
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                  377,755
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                58,723
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                     0
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                              11,111
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                 11,683
<INCOME-TAX>                                     1,258
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                             13,830
<DISCONTINUED>                                       0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                    13,830
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                     1.61
<EPS-DILUTED>                                     1.61
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
