<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>NT 10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                           -----------------------
                                             OMB APPROVAL
                                           -----------------------
                                           OMB No.: 3235-0058
                                           Expires: May 31, 1997
                                           Estimated average burden
                                           hours per response..2.50
                                           ------------------------

                          UNITED STATES
               SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                       WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                          FORM 12b-25

               USAir Group, Inc.   Commission File Number 1-8444
               USAir, Inc.         Commission File Number 1-8442

                   NOTIFICATION OF LATE FILING

(Check One):   [x] Form 10-K  [ ] Form 20-F  [ ] Form 11-K 
               [ ] Form 10-Q  [ ] Form N-SAR


For Period Ended: December 31, 1994

               [  ]  Transition Report on Form 10-K
               [  ]  Transition Report on Form 20-F
               [  ]  Transition Report on Form 11-K
               [  ]  Transition Report on Form 10-Q
               [  ]  Transition Report on Form N-SAR
               For the Transition Period Ended: ___________________

------------------------------------------------------------------- 
     Read Instruction (on back page) Before Preparing Form.  Please
Print or Type.

     Nothing in this form shall be construed to imply that the
Commission has verified any information contained herein.

     If the notification relates to a portion of the filing checked
above, identify the Item(s) to which notification relates: 

-------------------------------------------------------------------
                 PART I. REGISTRANT INFORMATION


Full Names of Registrants     USAir Group, Inc.
                              USAir, Inc.
                              -------------------------------------

Former Names if Applicable    The former name of USAir Group, Inc.
                              was U S Air Group, Inc.  The former
                              name of USAir, Inc. was Facilitation
                              Corp.
                              -------------------------------------


<PAGE>


Address of Principal Executive Office (of both registrants) (Street
and Number)

     2345 Crystal Drive
-------------------------------------------------------------------

City, State and Zip Code

     Arlington, VA 22227

                  PART II. RULES 12b-25(b) AND (c)

     If the subject report could not be filed without unreasonable
effort or expense and the registrants seek relief pursuant to Rule
12b-25(b), the following should be completed.  (Check appropriate
box.)

 [x] (a)  The reasons described in reasonable detail in Part III of
          this form could not be eliminated without unreasonable
          effort or expense;

 [x] (b)  The subject annual report, semi-annual report, transition
          report on Form 10-K, 20-F, 11-K, Form N-SAR, or portion
          thereof, will be filed on or before the 15th calendar day
          following the prescribed due date; or the subject
          quarterly report or transition report on Form 10-Q, or
          portion thereof will be filed on or before the fifth
          calendar day following the prescribed due date; and

 [ ] (c)  The accountant's statement or other exhibit required by
          Rule 12b-25(c) has been attached if applicable.

                         PART III. NARRATIVE

     State below in reasonable detail the reasons why the Form 10-
K, 11-K, 20-F, 10-Q or N-SAR or the transition report portion
thereof could not be filed within the prescribed time period. 
(Attach extra sheets if needed.)

     As previously reported, USAir Group, Inc. (the "Company") and
USAir, Inc. ("USAir") are seeking concessions from USAir's
employees.  The Company reached a tentative agreement with the
union which represents USAir's pilot employees on March 25, 1995 
and remains in intense negotiations with the unions which represent
certain other employees.  This tentative agreement and the outcome
of these negotiations are expected to affect materially the
disclosure required in the Company's and USAir's 10-K.  In
addition, the Company's and USAir's legal and accounting staffs
involved in the analysis of the legal and accounting implications
of the tentative agreement with the pilots' union and potential
agreements with other unions are the same staff responsible for
revising and filing the 10-K.  Therefore, the Company and USAir are
unable to file their combined Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 1994 within the prescribed time period
without unreasonable effort or expense.

<PAGE>


     The Company and USAir will undertake to file their combined 
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1994 with the
Commission not later than 15 days after the required filing date.




                     PART IV. OTHER INFORMATION

(1)  Name and telephone number of person to contact in regard to
     this notification

          James T. Lloyd               703           418-5210
     -------------------------     -----------    --------------
              (Name)               (Area Code)    (Telephone No.)




(2)  Have all other periodic reports required under Section 13 or
     15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or Section 30 of
     the Investment Company Act of 1940 during the preceding 12
     months or for such shorter period that the registrants were
     required to file such report(s) been filed?  If answer is no,
     identify report(s).

                                             [X]  YES    [ ]  NO

-------------------------------------------------------------------

(3)  Is it anticipated that any significant change in results of
     operations from the corresponding period for the last fiscal
     year will be reflected by the earnings statements to be
     included in the subject report or portion thereof?

                                             [X]  YES    [ ]  NO

     If so, attach an explanation of the anticipated change, both
     narratively and quantitatively, and, if appropriate, state the
     reasons why a reasonable estimate of the results cannot be
     made.

     The Company's and USAir's results of operations for the year
ended December 31, 1994, which were filed with the Commission as
Exhibit 99 to Form 8-K dated January 27, 1995, are incorporated in
this item by reference.
-------------------------------------------------------------------

<PAGE>

                         USAir Group, Inc.
                               and
                            USAir, Inc.
     -----------------------------------------------------
     (Names of Registrants as Specified in their Charters)

     have caused this notification to be signed on their behalf by
     the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

     Date: March 30, 1995          By: /s/James T. Lloyd
           ------------------          ----------------------
                                       James T. Lloyd
                                       Executive Vice President,
                                       General Counsel and
                                       Secretary of USAir Group,
                                       Inc. and Executive Vice
                                       President and General
                                       Counsel of USAir, Inc.
                                         
          INSTRUCTION: The form may be signed by an executive
     officer of the registrant(s) or by any other duly authorized
     representative.  The name and title of the person signing the
     form shall be typed or printed beneath the signature.  If the
     statement is signed on behalf of the registrants by an
     authorized representative (other than an executive officer),
     evidence of the representative's authority to sign on behalf
     of the registrants shall be filed with the form.


                           ATTENTION

-------------------------------------------------------------------
     Intentional misstatements or omissions of fact constitute
Federal criminal violations (See 18 U.S.C. 1001).
-------------------------------------------------------------------
                      GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS

1.   This form is required by Rule 12b-25 (17 CFR 240.12b-25) of
     the General Rules and Regulations under the Securities
     Exchange Act of 1934.

2.   One signed original and four conformed copies of this Form and
     amendments thereto must be completed and filed with the
     Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C. 20549, in
     accordance with Rule 0-3 of the General Rules and Regulations
     under the Act.  The information contained in or filed with the
     form will be made a matter of public record in the Commission
     files.

3.   A manually signed copy of the form and amendments thereto
     shall be filed with each national securities exchange on which
     any class of securities of the registrant(s) is registered.


<PAGE>

4.   Amendments to the notifications must also be filed on Form
     12b-25 but need not restate information that has been
     correctly furnished.  The form shall be clearly identified as
     an amended notification.

5.   Electronic Filers.  This form shall not be used by electronic
     filers unable to timely file a report solely due to electronic
     difficulties.  Filers unable to submit a report within the
     time period prescribed due to difficulties in electronic
     filing should comply with either Rule 201 or Rule 202 of
     Regulation S-T (Section 232.201 or Section 232.202 of this
     chapter) or apply for an adjustment in filing date pursuant to
     Rule 13(b) of Regulation S-T (Section 232.13(b) of this
     chapter).



     


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
