-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 S8Sdq/1XIWyj9SgrkW5wnk7Ad6RGSnbvba+WPnR4olq8lvWzYAVb+5S9GKMxiZcg
 DzFtdcPD+u/5oq2puViJcg==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000104218-96-000008.txt : 19960410
<SEC-HEADER>0000104218-96-000008.hdr.sgml : 19960410
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000104218-96-000008
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		4
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19951028
FILED AS OF DATE:		19960209
SROS:			NONE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WALKER B B CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000104218
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FOOTWEAR, (NO RUBBER) [3140]
		IRS NUMBER:				560581797
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NC
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1028

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-00934
		FILM NUMBER:		96514192

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		414 EAST DIXIE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		P O DRAWER 1167
		CITY:			ASHEBORO
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27203-1167
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9106251380

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WALKER B B SHOE CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19720919
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
               UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
                            Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
                                   FORM 10-K 
 
               ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF 
                     THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
                  FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED OCTOBER 28, 1995 
 
                          Commission File Number 0-934 
                          ----------------------------
 
                             B. B. WALKER COMPANY 
                             --------------------
            (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
           North Carolina                                      56-0581797     
  -------------------------------                         ------------------- 
  (State or other jurisdiction of                         (I.R.S. Employer 
   incorporation or organization)                         Identification No.) 
 
  414 East Dixie Drive, Asheboro, NC                             27203     
- ----------------------------------------                      ---------- 
(Address of principal executive offices)                      (Zip Code) 
 
 
Registrant's telephone number, including area code:        (910) 625-1380 
                                                           -------------- 
 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports 
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the 
registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such 
filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes  X    No    
                                                 ---      ---

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 
of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the 
best of Registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements 
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to 
this Form 10-K.  (     )

On January 25, 1996, the aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-
affiliates was approximately $2,373,985.

On January 25, 1996, 1,726,535 shares of the Registrant's voting common stock 
with a par value of $1.00 per share were outstanding.

                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of the Annual Report to Shareholders of the Company for the year ended 
October 28, 1995 are incorporated herein by reference in Parts II and IV.  
Portions of the Proxy Statement for the Company's Annual Meeting of 
Shareholders to be held on March 18, 1996 are incorporated by reference in 
Part III.
 
The Exhibit Index is on Pages F-4 and F-6.

<PAGE>
                              B.B. WALKER COMPANY
                         1995 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT

                               Table of Contents

                                    PART I
                                                                       
Item 1.     Business                                                     

Item 2.     Properties                                                   

Item 3.     Legal Proceedings                                            

Item 4.     Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders          

            Executive Officers of the Company                            


                                    PART II

Item 5.     Market for the Registrant's Common Stock and 
              Related Stockholder Matters                                

Item 6.     Selected Financial Data                                      

Item 7.     Management's Discussion and Analysis of the 
              Results of Operations and Financial Condition              

Item 8.     Financial Statements and Supplementary Data                  

Item 9.     Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants 
              on Accounting and Financial Disclosure                     


                                    PART III

Item 10.    Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters and 
              Control Persons of the Registrant                         

Item 11.    Executive Compensation                                      

Item 12.    Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 
              and Management                                            

Item 13.    Certain Relationships and Related Transactions              


                                    PART IV

Item 14.    Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and 
              Reports on Form 8-K                                       


Exhibit Index                                                   F-4 to F-6

<PAGE>
B.B. Walker Company
1995 Form 10-K

                                    PART I

ITEM 1.  BUSINESS

GENERAL

B.B. Walker Company, (the "Company") was incorporated in North Carolina on 
October 15, 1952.  The Company designs, manufactures and markets complete 
lines of moderately-priced, value-oriented western and work/outdoor boots and 
shoes for men and women.  The majority of the Company's products are sold 
under its proprietary brand names, with the remainder sold under major 
retailers' private labels and on contract to other footwear manufacturers.  
The Company markets its product primarily to wholesale customers in the United 
States, but it also serves customers in Canada, Japan and Europe.  The Company 
has one subsidiary, Bender Shoe Company ("Bender"), which is wholly owned.  
Bender is located in Somerset, Pennsylvania and principally manufactures 
western footwear.  In addition, the Company operates three retail shoe outlets 
which carry a wide assortment of footwear, including other footwear companies' 
brands, accessories and footwear care products.

Internally, the Company has historically been organized along functional lines 
with a marketing and sales group, a manufacturing division and a 
transportation division. Marketing and sales, manufacturing and transportation 
are supported by various departments of the administrative and finance 
function.  


CURRENT PRODUCTS

The Company manufactures and distributes high quality, moderately-priced 
footwear in three primary markets: Western Boot, Work/Outdoor and Private 
Label.  The Company has approximately 4,500 active accounts.  A majority of 
the customer base is made up of small retail chains and independent retail 
outlets. In 1994 and 1993, one customer accounted for approximately 12% and 
10%, respectively, of net sales.  In 1995, no single customer comprised more 
than 10% of net sales.  The Company does not feel that a single customer or 
group of customers comprise a significant portion of operations or exert 
significant influence over the Company.   The following is a 
description of each division and its respective product offerings:


Western Boot Division
- ---------------------
The Western Boot Division, with its ABILENE brand, offers high quality all-
leather boots for the traditional boot wearer.  The ABILENE boot is made in 
both men's and women's styles and is distributed mainly through western 
apparel stores and tack shops.  A more contemporary line, SAGE, is offered at 
a lower price point and features brighter colors and accents.  The SAGE line 
is offered in both men's and women's styles.  In addition, under the SAGE 
brand, the Company has added a children's line in 1995.  This division 
operates its own sales force of approximately 18 salesmen.  Led by a national 
sales manager, it serves customers throughout the United States and Canada.  
In addition, this division promotes its lines through use of a mobile sales 
showroom which is used at special customer promotions, rodeos and other 
events.

This division has a marketing/spokesman agreement with John Michael 
Montgomery, winner of the 1994 Horizon Award presented by the Country Music 
Association and the American Music Award for Best New Country Artist for 1994.  
Under the agreement, John Michael Montgomery promotes the ABILENE line at his 
concerts and in print advertising.  The Company is creating new opportunities 
to promote its relationship with John Michael Montgomery and anticipates 
extending the agreement when it expires in fiscal 1996.

Within this division, the Company is in the final year of a licensing 
agreement to manufacture and market a line of western boots under the JACK 
DANIEL'S trademark of the Jack Daniel Distillery of Lynchburg, Tennessee.  
The JACK DANIEL'S western boot line consists of quality, all-leather boots, 
which are marketed as a separate line of boots within this division.  The 
Company is currently negotiating the terms for extending this agreement.  The 
Company had a licensing agreement to promote the Kenny Rogers line of ABILENE 
boots.  The agreement expired in 1995 and the Company elected not to renew it.

The ABILENE, SAGE and JACK DANIEL'S lines are manufactured at the Company's 
facility in Somerset, Pennsylvania.  The final product is shipped to the 
central warehouse in Asheboro, North Carolina for distribution.


Work/Outdoor Division
- ---------------------
Through the Work/Outdoor Division, the Company manufactures and markets 
quality boots and shoes for work, outdoor and safety use under the WALKER 
FOOTWEAR THAT WORKS brand and the SAFETY FIRST brand.  In addition, the 
Company manufactures and distributes rugged but comfortable outdoor footwear 
under its GOLDEN RETRIEVER brand.  The Company offers over 100 different 
styles of work/outdoor boots under the GOLDEN RETRIEVER trademark, including 
pull-on, lace-up, lined, insulated and waterproof, in a variety of heights, 
soles and constructions.  The work/outdoor lines are manufactured at the 
Company's Asheboro facility.  This division has its own sales force of 
approximately 20 salesmen which follows the direction of a national sales 
manager.  It serves customers in the United States and Canada.


Private Label Division
- ----------------------
The Company also manufactures shoes for large retailers and other 
manufacturers in its Private Label Division.  Most of the private label 
products consist of work/outdoor footwear although the Company is actively 
pursuing new customers of western private label products.  The significant 
customers of this division consist of large national retail chains, specialty 
catalogue retailers and large wholesalers.  In addition, this division serves 
large accounts overseas, primarily in Europe and Japan.


Other
- -----
The Company operates three retail stores which offer the Company's branded 
merchandise at discount prices to retail customers.  In addition to Company 
brands, a wide selection of other manufacturers' brands and accessories are 
offered to provide customers with a variety of options from which to choose.  
Two retail stores, which operate under THE FOOTFACTORY name, are located in 
outlet malls in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina and Lancaster, Pennsylvania.  
The third is a factory outlet store located in its Asheboro facility.

In prior years, the Company also imported footwear for major accounts in the 
United States.  This service was phased out completely in the first quarter of 
1995.


MANUFACTURING

The Company operates two manufacturing facilities, in Asheboro, North Carolina 
and Somerset, Pennsylvania.  The Asheboro plant primarily makes work/outdoor 
footwear, while the Somerset plant primarily makes western footwear.  The 
Company traditionally has manufactured the majority of its footwear products 
in its own factories.  In situations where it is advantageous to the Company, 
production of components, primarily uppers, used in the manufacture of 
footwear are outsourced to other manufacturers.  Some of these manufacturers 
are outside of the United States which subjects the Company to the normal 
risks of conducting business abroad, such as political unrest, labor 
disturbances or expropriation.  No such problems have been experienced or are 
anticipated.

The manufacture of footwear is relatively labor-intensive and involves five 
primary operations: production of uppers; lasting the uppers to define the 
shape, form and size of the footwear; bottoming the footwear; finishing the 
footwear; and packaging the footwear.  The Company produces boots and shoes 
with molded or cemented bottoms and welted boots and shoes with bottoms that 
are "welted" or stitched to the uppers.  

The Company continues to explore manufacturing and product design innovations 
in order to utilize its production capacity in the most efficient manner, 
produce high quality footwear, and maintain a moderate price structure for its 
products.  Management believes innovation in its manufacturing process, 
including innovation in product design and cost containment, is instrumental 
in the Company's long term success.  Despite historical capital constraints, 
management has made timely capital expenditures in a number of areas to allow 
the Company to maximize its manufacturing resources.  These capital 
expenditures and their impact on manufacturing are discussed below.

   - In July 1994, the Company purchased a larger facility in Somerset, 
     Pennsylvania to replace the existing facility, also in Somerset, which 
     was operating near its maximum capacity.  Relocation of the plant allowed 
     the Company to redesign the production flow to increase efficiency and 
     improve productivity.

   - The Company has implemented a fully integrated bar code system for its 
     work-in-process inventory.  This system shows where particular orders are 
     in the manufacturing process, allowing improvement in the scheduling of 
     orders as they are received, and allowing more efficient sourcing of 
     appropriate quantities of raw materials.


SALES AND MARKETING

The Company markets its products for each division through a sales force 
directed by a National Sales Manager.  The National Sales Managers are 
accountable for planning the territory, budget, service, sales operations and 
motivation of their salespersons.  Territories are established by the National 
Sales Manager using Metro Market Demographic and other statistical data.  
Salespersons are hired based on strengths and experience to sell and service 
within a territory, including development of the customer base.  The Company's 
salespersons solicit orders in all states to which they are assigned.  Orders 
are submitted to the Company's credit department in Asheboro, North Carolina 
for acceptance or rejection based on credit history.  To a lesser extent, the 
Company's products are also marketed by independent sales representatives.  
Such sales representatives are often engaged to develop new geographic markets 
for the Company.

The Company markets its products primarily to wholesale customers in the 
United States, but also provides footwear to customers in Canada, Japan and 
Europe.  The Company has approximately 4,500 active accounts.  The Company's 
salesmen are offered special incentives for opening new accounts.  A majority 
of the customer base is made up of small retail chains and independent retail 
outlets.  These customers have traditionally sold western or rugged outdoor 
products and, as such, have not been affected by changing fashion trends.  
During 1994 and 1993, one customer, Wal-Mart, accounted for approximately 12% 
and 10% of net sales, respectively.  For 1995, no customer comprised more 
than 10% of net sales and the largest ten customers accounted for less than 
26% of sales.  The Company does not feel that a single customer or group of 
customers comprise a significant portion of operations or exert significant 
influence over the Company.


DISTRIBUTION

The Company's footwear is distributed nationally from its warehouse in 
Asheboro, North Carolina.  The Company ships its finished goods primarily with 
its own fleet of trucks and trailers.  The Company also uses a parcel delivery 
service and common carriers when appropriate.  The Company's trucks deliver 
goods to large customers, as well as to trucking terminals for subsequent 
delivery to customers by local or cartage carriers.  On the back haul, the 
trucks generally pick up raw materials from suppliers for delivery to the 
Company's warehouse at its Asheboro facility.


COMPETITION

The Company operates in a highly competitive industry.  Competition comes from 
numerous domestic manufacturers of footwear, as well as imports, particularly 
from China.  According to the September 1995 Statistical Reporter of the 
Footwear Industries of America, approximately 89% of all non-rubber footwear 
purchased in the United States is imported from foreign countries, primarily 
from China.  With the passage of the North American Free Trade Agreement 
("NAFTA") and approval of the General Agreement on Trade and Tariffs ("GATT"), 
foreign competition has easier access to the United States markets.  Foreign 
competition has been at a high level since 1981, when the Reagan 
Administration eliminated import restrictions on footwear.  Since then, 
footwear imports have grown from 73% of the United States market to its 
current levels.  However, the growth in footwear imports in the western and 
work/outdoor markets, the Company's two primary markets, has been less than 
that experienced by footwear manufacturers serving other markets.

Many of the Company's competitors have greater financial, distribution, brand 
name recognition and marketing resources than the Company.  The Company relies 
on product performance, styling, quality, timeliness of product delivery and 
perceived product value to distinguish its products from the competition.  The 
Company believes that, based on these factors, it maintains a strong 
competitive position in its current market niches.  Additionally, with the use 
of an extensive cost accounting system, the Company maintains a tight control 
on the costs that go into the manufacture of its products.  The Company 
believes this gives it the advantage of being a low cost producer and allows 
it to be competitive in the pricing of its products, which are medium priced 
in relation to the market.  The Company anticipates that substantial 
competition will continue in the future and therefore continues to plan and 
develop strategies to enhance its competitive position.


RAW MATERIAL AND FINISHED GOODS INVENTORIES

Each of the Company's footwear styles has different raw material requirements 
and is produced in numerous sizes and widths.  Consequently, the Company 
maintains substantial inventories of raw materials at its Asheboro facility.  
Raw materials are shipped from the Asheboro facility to the Somerset facility 
based on scheduled orders.  To the extent practicable, the Company strives to 
support customers by maintaining the Company's most popular branded products 
in stock and by shipping products quickly to meet customer delivery 
requirements, with timely notification to customers of unavoidable delays in 
delivery.  Because of the large number of variations in sizes and widths for 
each style, the Company continues to develop enhancements to its inventory 
control system and production planning process to ensure adequate stock levels 
are maintained and to minimize delivery time for out-of-stock items.

While the Company believes that its products are relatively insensitive to 
fashion trends, changes in consumer tastes do impact inventory levels.  The 
Company's product development staff monitors the market and responds on a 
timely basis with new constructions and styles to prevent the buildup of 
inventory that is no longer in peak demand in the marketplace.  In addition, 
the Company offers special incentive-based inventory reduction programs to 
turn over inventory of styles that are slow moving and are being replaced with 
newer styles.

The Company's principal raw materials are leather, rubber and composition-
based heels and soles, and fiber based items, such as insoles.  The Company 
purchases its raw materials from numerous suppliers, the majority of which are 
domestic.  The Company is not dependent on any one supplier for raw materials.  
While the Company expects that supplies of raw materials will continue to be 
readily available as needed for the Company's operations, the price of some of 
the components of its products, primarily leather, has exhibited volatility in 
the past, and some price volatility can be anticipated in future years.  The 
supply of leather and other raw materials was adequate in 1995.


SEASONALITY

The Company experiences significant seasonal fluctuations in net sales because 
consumers purchase a large percentage of the Company's products from September 
through January.  As a result, retail dealers of the Company's products 
generally request delivery of products from June through October for advance 
orders and from October through December for restocking orders.  Accordingly, 
inventory levels are highest during June and July and accounts receivable 
levels are highest during November through January.  Because of seasonal 
fluctuations, there can be no assurance that the results of any particular 
quarter will be indicative of results for the full year or for future years.


BACKLOG

Backlog records are maintained based on orders for pairs of footwear, rather 
than in terms of dollars.  The backlog fluctuates on a seasonal basis, 
reaching higher levels in the spring and summer months when retailers buy for 
fall selling.  At October 28, 1995, the backlog for orders believed to be firm 
was 94,083 pairs, as compared to 100,372 pairs as of October 29, 1994.  The 
smaller backlog is attributable to the Company's lower sales and timing of 
private label and export orders.  

At October 28, 1995, the Company's backlog for branded footwear was 44,549 
pairs versus 36,683 at October 29, 1994.  Backlogs for private label and 
export sales were 48,476 pairs as of October 28, 1995 and 61,532 as of October 
29, 1994.  Private label and export orders often have significant lead times.  
Earlier in 1995, some lead times were up to six months.  However, late in 
1995, many retailers carried fully stocked inventories and had taken a wait-
and-see approach regarding the strength of Christmas sales before placing 
further orders resulting in a smaller backlog.  

Advance private label and export orders provide the Company with a stable work 
flow which complements orders for branded footwear.  The Company attempts to 
ship orders for branded products from inventory as they are received.  Thus, 
the backlog of branded products only reflects orders that were not immediately 
filled from inventory and does not accurately predict the mix of future sales.  
All orders at October 28, 1995 are expected to be filled during the current 
fiscal year.


INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

The Company owns federal trademark registrations for many of its marks, 
including ABILENE, SAGE, GOLDEN RETRIEVER, WALKER FOOTWEAR THAT WORKS and 
SAFETY FIRST.  There are no patents, licenses, franchises or concessions that 
are material to the operations of the Company.


GOVERNMENTAL REGULATION

All of the Company's operations are subject to federal, state and local 
regulatory standards, primarily in the area of safety, health, employment and 
environmental standards.  In general, the Company has experienced no 
difficulty in complying with these standards and believes that they have not 
had any material effect on its capital expenditures, earnings or competitive 
position.


EMPLOYEES

The Company and its subsidiary employed 637 persons as of October 28, 1995, 
415 at the Asheboro, North Carolina facility and 222 at the Somerset, 
Pennsylvania facility.  Of these individuals, 471 were engaged in 
manufacturing and 166 in administrative, sales and transportation functions.  
Substantially all of the Company's employees were employed on a full-time 
basis.  None of the Company's employees are covered by collective bargaining 
agreements and the Company believes its relations with its employees are good.


CORPORATE REORGANIZATION

The Company is focusing on serving two markets for footwear, western boots and 
work/outdoor boots.  Recognizing that each of these markets have distinctive 
characteristics that distinguishes one from the other, the Company announced a 
reorganization of its internal structure in December 1995.  The reorganization 
will create two separate divisions that will operate independently and be 
supported by a small corporate staff.  The new divisions will focus on serving 
western boot customers and work/outdoor boot customers, respectively, which 
will include both instock and private label accounts.  Each division will be 
vertically integrated and will be led by a general manager who will assume 
responsibility for all phases of manufacturing, marketing and distribution of 
the respective division's products.  By eliminating functional lines, it is 
anticipated that each division will be more responsive in serving the customer 
and providing products to the market on a more timely basis.  Current plans 
anticipate the reorganization being completed during fiscal 1996.


ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES

As of October 28, 1995, the Company and its subsidiary utilized an aggregate 
of approximately 358,000 square feet of floorspace in various facilities, all 
of which are in service and are adequate for the operations performed.  
Substantially all of the Company's property, including its facilities and 
inventories, are insured on a replacement value basis.  The Company and its 
subsidiary, Bender Shoe Company, operate manufacturing and warehousing 
facilities as follows:

Asheboro, North Carolina - This location on 414 East Dixie Drive, Asheboro, 
North Carolina contains the major manufacturing facility for work/outdoor 
footwear, as well as the executive offices of the Company.  The Company uses 
281,857 square feet of space in one building on approximately 21.8 acres of 
land.  The premises are used for manufacturing, shipping, warehousing, 
administration and a retail outlet store.  Paved parking and truck loading 
areas are maintained.  The premises owned in fee are subject to an existing 
lien under a deed of trust in favor of Mellon Bank, N.A.

Somerset, Pennsylvania - The Company's subsidiary, Bender Shoe Company, moved 
to a larger facility in Somerset in August 1994.  The facility provides 
approximately 68,000 square feet of space on 3.8 acres of land.  The facility 
is used primarily for manufacturing and raw material storage.  A small portion 
of the space is used as administrative offices.  The Company owns the facility 
which is subject to existing liens in favor of First National Bank and Trust 
Company in Asheboro, NC, the Pennsylvania Industrial Development Authority, 
the Pennsylvania Economic Revitalization Fund and Mellon Bank, N.A.

The Company also operates factory outlet retail stores in Asheboro, North 
Carolina, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina and Lancaster, Pennsylvania.  Except 
for the Asheboro retail store, which is located at the Company's Asheboro 
facility, the retail stores are leased by the Company.  The Company closed one 
retail store in Morgantown, Pennsylvania when the lease expired.

The Company has also entered into long-term agreements with non-related 
lessors to lease certain machinery and equipment, including transportation 
equipment.  Some of the leases are in substance financing arrangements and 
have been capitalized by the Company.  Information regarding cost and present 
value of the capitalized leases is presented in Notes 3 and 9, respectively, 
in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended October 
28, 1995 and is incorporated herein by reference.


ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

(a) From time to time, the Company is a defendant in legal actions involving 
claims arising in the normal course of business.  In management's opinion, 
after consultation with counsel and a review of the facts, the liabilities, if 
any, resulting from such legal proceedings will not have a material effect on 
the Company's financial position or results of operations.

(b) The following legal action, discussed in the Form 10-K for the fiscal year 
ended October 29, 1994, is as follows.  On April 5, 1994, a former employee of 
the Company filed suit in the United States District Court for the Middle 
District of North Carolina against the Company and a current employee at its 
Asheboro facility alleging sexual harassment and seeking unspecified damages 
and injunctive relief.  The suit includes claims involving 
intentional/negligent infliction of emotional distress, negligent hiring 
and/or retention, interference with contractual relations, wrongful discharge 
and a violation of the Racketeering Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act 
("RICO").  The case was dismissed with prejudice by the court in March 1995 
for failure to state a claim under federal law.


ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

No matters were submitted to a vote of security holders during the fourth 
quarter of the 1995 fiscal year.


EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY

The names, ages and positions of the executive officers of the Company as of 
October 28, 1995 are listed below along with their business experience during 
the past five years.  Officers are elected annually by the Board of Directors 
at the Annual Meeting of the Board of Directors convened immediately following 
the Annual Meeting of the Shareholders.  Executive officers serve until the 
next annual meeting of the Directors and until their successors are elected 
and qualified.

    Executive Officer (Age)             Position and Office
    -----------------------             -------------------
    Kent T. Anderson (53)               Chairman (1992), President (1984) and
                                        Chief Executive Officer (1986)  (1)

    French P. Humphries (55)            Executive Vice President (1995)  (2)

    William C. Massie (58)              Executive Vice President (1995)  (3)

    David M. Sparks (36)                Vice President - Sales (1994)  (4)

(1)  Officer is also a director of the Company.

(2)  As of December 1995, officer was named Executive Vice President and is 
general manager of the Western Boot Division.  Prior to this position, he 
served as Vice President - Marketing since 1992.  Prior to 1992, he was 
General Manager of the Western Division, a position he held since 1977.

(3)  As of December 1995, officer was named Executive Vice President and is 
general manager of the Work/Outdoor Boot Division.  Prior to this position, he 
served as Vice President - Finance and Administration since joining the 
Company in 1988.

(4)  Officer joined the Company in August 1993 as Director of Planning and 
Development.  In November 1993, he was promoted to Director of Sales.  He was 
named Vice President-Sales in July 1994.  He was primarily responsible for 
implementing strategies necessary to move the sales divisions in line with 
current marketing plans.  Prior to joining B.B. Walker Company, he was Mid-
West Manager for Country America magazine for approximately four years. He 
resigned from this position in November 1995.




                                    PART II

ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR COMPANY'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

The information required by this Item is found under the heading "Stock 
Prices" in the Annual Report to Shareholders for the year ended 
October 28, 1995 and is incorporated herein by reference.  The Company had 
1,229 shareholders of record at January 25, 1996.


ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

The information required by this Item is reported in the Annual Report to 
Shareholders under the heading "Selected Financial Data" and is incorporated
herein by reference.


ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND 
         FINANCIAL CONDITION

The information required by this Item is reported in the Annual Report to 
Shareholders under the heading "Management's Discussion and Analysis 
of Results of Operations and Financial Condition" and is incorporated herein 
by reference.


ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

The information required by this Item is reported in the Annual Report to 
Shareholders under the headings "Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss)",
"Consolidated Balance Sheets", "Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows",
"Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity", "Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements", and "Report of Independent Accountants" and is 
incorporated herein by reference.


ITEM 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND 
         FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

There is nothing to report for this Item.




                                    PART III

Certain information required by Part III has been omitted under Item G of the 
General Instructions for Form 10-K, Rule 12-b-23, as the Company files with 
the Securities and Exchange Commission a definitive proxy statement pursuant 
to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after the end of its fiscal year.  
Only those sections of the Proxy Statement which specifically address the 
items set forth herein are incorporated by reference.


ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY

Information concerning the Company's directors required by this Item is 
incorporated herein by reference to the Company's Proxy Statement.

Information concerning the Company's executive officers required by this Item 
is incorporated herein by reference to Part I of this Form 10-K following 
Item 4, under the caption "Executive Officers of the Company".


ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to 
the Company's Proxy Statement.


ITEM 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to 
the Company's Proxy Statement.


ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to 
the Company's Proxy Statement.




                                    PART IV

ITEM 14.  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

(A)  The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K:

     (1)  Financial Statements - The following consolidated financial 
          statements of the Company are incorporated herein by reference to 
          the Annual Report to Shareholders:

         (a) Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) for the fiscal years 
             ended October 28, 1995, October 29, 1994 and October 30, 1993.

         (b) Consolidated Balance Sheets at October 28, 1995 and 
             October 29, 1994.

         (c) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended 
             October 28, 1995, October 29, 1994 and October 30, 1993.

         (d) Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the fiscal 
             years ended October 28, 1995, October 29, 1994 and 
             October 30, 1993.

         (e) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

         (f) Report of Independent Accountants.


     (2)  Financial Statement Schedules - The following supplementary 
          consolidated financial statement schedules of the Company are filed 
          as part of this Form 10-K and should be read in conjunction with the 
          Annual Report to Shareholders:

          Schedule                                                 Page
          --------                                                 ----
            VIII     Valuation and Qualifying Accounts              F-2

              X      Supplementary Income Statement Information     F-3

          The reports of the Company's independent public accountants with 
          respect to the above described financial statements and financial 
          statement schedules appear in the Annual Report to Shareholders 
          and on page F-1 of this report, respectively, and are incorporated
          herein by reference.

          All other financial statements and schedules not listed have been 
          omitted since the required information is included in the 
          consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto or is not 
          applicable or required.

(B)  No reports on Form 8-K were filed by the Company during the last quarter 
of fiscal 1995.

(C)  A listing of exhibits is incorporated herein by reference to the Index to 
Exhibits on pages F-4 thru F-6.




                                  SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and 
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed 
on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

                                         B.B. WALKER COMPANY (Registrant)

                                         By:  DOROTHY W. CRAVEN
                                              ---------------------------
                                              Dorothy W. Craven
Date:  February 7, 1996                       Corporate Secretary


Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this 
report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant 
and in the capacities indicated and on the date indicated.

            Signature                                 Title
            ---------                                 -----

Principal Executive Officer:

KENT T. ANDERSON           2/7/96       Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive
- ----------------           ------       Officer and President
Kent T. Anderson            Date


Principal Financial Officer:

WILLIAM C. MASSIE          2/7/96       Executive Vice President
- -----------------          ------
William C. Massie           Date


Principal Accounting Officer:

JOHN R. WHITENER           2/7/96       Corporate Controller
- ----------------           ------
John R. Whitener            Date


                               BOARD OF DIRECTORS


KENT T. ANDERSON           2/7/96                 EDNA A. WALKER        2/7/96
- ----------------           ------                 --------------        ------
Kent T. Anderson            Date                  Edna A. Walker         Date
Chairman


ROBERT L. DONNELL, JR.     2/7/96                 MICHAEL C. MILLER     2/7/96
- ----------------------     ------                 -----------------     ------
Robert L. Donnell, Jr.      Date                  Michael C. Miller      Date


JAMES P. McDERMOTT         2/7/96                 GEORGE M. BALL        2/7/96
- ------------------         ------                 --------------        ------
James P. McDermott          Date                  George M. Ball         Date


<PAGE>
                       REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS
                       ON FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES
                       ---------------------------------

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of
B.B. Walker Company

Our audits of the consolidated financial statements referred to in our report
dated December 1, 1995 appearing in the 1995 Annual Report to Shareholders of
B.B. Walker Company (which report and consolidated financial statements are 
incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K) also included 
an audit of the Financial Statement Schedules listed in Item 14(a) of this 
Form 10-K.  In our opinion, these Financial Statement Schedules present 
fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein when 
read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements.




PRICE WATERHOUSE LLP

Winston-Salem, North Carolina
December 1, 1995


                                 Page F-1




<PAGE>
                                                                 Schedule VIII
                              B.B. WALKER COMPANY                -------------
                                                                
                       VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS


                  Balance at  Charged to  Charged to
                  Beginning   Costs and     Other                  Balance at
  Description      of Year    Expenses     Accounts    Deductions  End of Year
  -----------     ----------  ----------  -----------  ----------  -----------

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts:


October 28, 1995  $  778,000     425,000        -         682,000      521,000 
                  ==========  ==========  ===========  ==========  ===========
October 29, 1994  $  845,000     117,000        -         184,000      778,000 
                  ==========  ==========  ===========  ==========  ===========
October 30, 1993  $  606,000     696,000        -         457,000      845,000 
                  ==========  ==========  ===========  ==========  ===========

                                    Page F-2



<PAGE>
                                                                    Schedule X
                              B.B. WALKER COMPANY                   ----------
                                                                   
                   SUPPLEMENTARY INCOME STATEMENT INFORMATION

                                  October 28,     October 29,     October 30,
                                     1995            1994            1993
                                  -----------     -----------     -----------

The following amounts were charged to 
 costs and expenses:


Maintenance and repairs            $  565,000      $  855,000      $  587,000 
                                   ==========      ==========      ========== 

Advertising costs                  $1,118,000      $1,367,000      $1,590,000 
                                   ==========      ==========      ========== 

                                    Page F-3





<PAGE>
                               INDEX TO EXHIBITS

                                                            Page Number or
Exhibit                                                    Incorporation By
Number             Description                               Reference To
- -------            -----------                               ------------

  (3)  Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws

(3)(a) Articles of Amendment to Articles of             Exhibit D to Form 10-K 
       Incorporation and Restated Charter of            for the fiscal year
       B.B. Walker Company dated November 28, 1979,     ended November 3, 1979
       filed with the Secretary of State in Raleigh, NC

(3)(b) Articles of Amendment to Articles of             Exhibit A to Form 10-Q
       Incorporation dated March 24, 1980, filed with   for the six month
       the Secretary of State in Raleigh, NC            period ended May 3,
                                                        1980 

(3)(c) Articles of Merger of Lyon & Shaw, Inc.          Exhibit (3) (c) to the
       into Registrant dated January 21, 1987           Form 10-K for the 
                                                        fiscal year ended 
                                                        November 1, 1986

(3)(d) Copy of the revised By-Laws of B.B. Walker       Exhibit (3)(d) to the
       Company as amended January 7, 1992               Form 10-K for the 
                                                        fiscal year ended 
                                                        November 2, 1991

(3)(e) Articles of Merger of Walker Shoe Company        Exhibit (3)(g) to the
       into B.B. Walker Company dated June 29, 1987     Form 10-K for the 
                                                        fiscal year ended 
                                                        October 31, 1987

(3)(f) Articles of Amendment to Articles of             Exhibit (3)(f) to the
       Incorporation dated November 16, 1988, filed     Form 10-K for the
       with the Secretary of State in Raleigh, NC       fiscal year ended
                                                        October 30, 1988

(3)(g) Articles of Amendment to Articles of             Exhibit (3)(g) to the 
       Incorporation dated March 30, 1994, filed        Form 10-K for the 
       with the Secretary of State in Raleigh, NC       fiscal year ended
                                                        October 29, 1994

  (4)  The Registrant, B.B. Walker Company, by signing  Exhibit (4) to Form
       this report, agrees to furnish the Securities    10-K for the fiscal
       and Exchange Commission upon its request a copy  year ended November
       of any instrument which defines the rights of    2, 1985
       holders of long-term debt of the Registrant and 
       its subsidiary for which consolidated or 
       unconsolidated financial statements are required 
       to be filed and which authorizes a total amount 
       of securities not in excess of 10% of the total 
       assets of the Registrant and its subsidiary on a 
       consolidated basis. 

                                   Page F-4
<PAGE>
                               INDEX TO EXHIBITS

                                                            Page Number or
Exhibit                                                    Incorporation by
Number             Description                               Reference To
- -------            -----------                             ----------------
            
(4)(a) Certificate of Common Capital Stock of B.B.      Exhibit (N) to Form
       Walker Company                                   10-K for the fiscal 
                                                        year ended October 28, 
                                                        1978

(4)(b) Unsecured Promissory Note of B.B. Walker         Exhibit (B) to Form
       Company with flexible rate minimum interest      10-K for the fiscal
       provisions                                       year ended November 1, 
                                                        1980

(4)(c)(1) Credit Agreement dated August 15, 1995        Exhibit (4)(c)(1) to
          between Mellon Bank, N.A., Philadelphia, PA,  Form 10-Q for the
          as Lender and B.B. Walker Company, Asheboro,  third quarter ended
          NC, the Registrant, as Borrower.  The twenty- July 29, 1995
          one supporting schedules have been omitted 
          being detailed forms, lists and support for 
          specific provisions set out in the agreement.

(4)(c)(2) Revolving Credit Note dated August 15, 1995   Exhibit (4)(c)(2) to
          in the amount of $20 million; signed by the   Form 10-Q for the
          Registrant and in favor of Mellon Bank, N.A., third quarter ended
          Philadelphia, PA                              July 29, 1995

(4)(c)(3) Term Loan Note dated August 15, 1995 in the   Exhibit (4)(c)(3) to
          amount of $3 million; signed by the           Form 10-Q for the
          Registrant and in favor of Mellon Bank,       third quarter ended
          N.A., Philadelphia, PA                        July 29, 1995


(10)(a) B.B. Walker Company Nonqualified Deferred       Exhibit (10) to Form
        Compensation Plan as amended, adopted           10-K for the fiscal
        June 7, 1983.                                   year ended October 29, 
                                                        1983

(10)(d) 1987 Incentive Stock Option Plan effective      Exhibit (10)(d) to
        February 11, 1987                               Form 10-K for the 
                                                        fiscal year ended 
                                                        October 29, 1988 

(10)(e) 1995 Incentive Stock Option Plan for Key        Filed with the 1994
        Employees and Non-Employee Directors            Proxy Statement mailed
        effective March 20, 1995                        to shareholders on
                                                        February 27, 1995

(10)(f)(1) Employment Agreement between B.B. Walker     Exhibit (10)(f)(1) to
           Company and Kent T. Anderson, President      Form 10-Q for the
           and Chief Executive Officer, dated October   nine months ended
           2, 1989                                      July 28, 1990

                                   Page F-5
<PAGE>
                               INDEX TO EXHIBITS

                                                            Page Number or
Exhibit                                                    Incorporation By
Number             Description                               Reference To
- -------            -----------                             ----------------

(10)(f)(2) First Amendment to Employment Agreement      Exhibit (10)(f)(2) to
           between B.B. Walker Company and Kent T.      Form 10-Q for the
           Anderson, President and Chief Executive      nine months ended
           Officer, dated July 6, 1990                  July 28, 1990

  (11) Computation of earnings per share amounts are 
       explained in Note 1 to the Consolidated 
       Financial Statements in the Annual Report to 
       Shareholders for the fiscal year ended 
       October 28, 1995, which is Exhibit 13 of this 
       filing

  (13) Annual Report to Shareholders for the fiscal     Filed herewith as
       year ending October 28, 1995                     Exhibit (13)

  (22) Subsidiaries of the Registrant                   Filed herewith as 
                                                        Exhibit (22)


                                    Page F-6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>ANNUAL REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                                    Exhibit 13
                                                                    ----------






                       B.B. WALKER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY


                   FORTY-EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS


                                OCTOBER 28, 1995

<PAGE>
                              1995 ANNUAL REPORT

                         B.B. WALKER COMPANY PROFILE

B.B. WALKER COMPANY is a publicly held manufacturer and distributor of men's 
and women's footwear, whose common stock is registered with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission and is traded in the Over The Counter Securities Market.  
A substantial portion of the Company's common stock is owned by employees 
through participation in the Employee Stock Ownership Plan and Trust and by 
many employees individually.

Founded in 1947 in Asheboro, North Carolina and incorporated in 1952 in the 
State of North Carolina, the Company presently markets high quality, medium-
priced western and work/outdoor boots and shoes.  A majority of the Company's 
sales are under B.B. Walker trademarked brands.  The Company's marketing 
efforts are organized into three divisions:  Western Boot, Work/Outdoor, and 
Private Label.  The Company also operates three retail stores.

THE WORK/OUTDOOR DIVISION, markets quality boots and shoes for work, outdoor 
and safety use under the WALKER FOOTWEAR THAT WORKS brand.  The mainstays of 
this line are all-leather lace-up and pull-on utility boots.  Through its 
GOLDEN RETRIEVER brand, this division offers over 100 styles of work/outdoor 
boots, including pull-on, lace-up, lined, insulated and waterproof, in a 
variety of heights, soles and constructions.  B.B. Walker's work/outdoor lines 
are manufactured at the Company's Asheboro facilities.

THE WESTERN BOOT DIVISION, through its ABILENE brand, offers high quality 
all-leather boots for the traditional boot wearer.  The SAGE brand, also 
marketed by this division, is offered at a lower price point and features 
bright colors and accents.  The ABILENE and SAGE lines are manufactured at 
the Company's facility in Somerset, Pennsylvania.

THE PRIVATE LABEL DIVISION, has historically made shoes for large retailers 
and other manufacturers.  Most of the Company's private label products consist 
of work/outdoor footwear.

                                   ---------

B.B. WALKER COMPANY and its subsidiary are equal opportunity employers.  All 
matters regarding recruiting, hiring, training, compensation, benefits, 
promotion, transfers and other personnel policies will continue to be free 
from all discriminatory practices.

The Company and its subsidiary employ 637 people at October 28, 1995.

     Contents                                                

       Financial Highlights                                     
       Message to Shareholders                                  
       Consolidated Financial Statments and Notes               
       Report of Independent Accountants                       
       Selected Financial Data                                 
       Mangement's Discussion and Analysis of Results
         of Operations and Financial Condition                 
       Stock Prices                                            
       Officers and Directors                          

<PAGE>
                      B.B. WALKER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY
                             FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  Fiscal Year Ended
                                       ---------------------------------------
                                       October 28,   October 29,   October 30,
                                          1995          1994          1993
                                       -----------   -----------   -----------
(In thousands, except per share data)
<S>                                     <C>           <C>           <C>
OPERATIONS
  Net sales                             $  43,453     $  51,148     $  55,777 
                                         ========      ========      ========
  Income (loss) before income taxes 
    and minority interest                  (1,868)          812         3,055 

  Provision for (benefit from) 
    income taxes                             (626)          336         1,160 
  Minority interest                            (2)           (2)           (2)
                                         --------      --------      -------- 
  Net income (loss)                     $  (1,244)    $     474     $   1,893 
                                         ========      ========      ======== 

  EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE OF COMMON 
    STOCK AND COMMON STOCK EQUIVALENTS  $    (.72)    $     .26     $    1.14 
                                         ========      ========      ======== 
  Average number of shares outstanding      1,744         1,783         1,650 
                                         ========      ========      ======== 

  EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE OF COMMON 
    STOCK AND COMMON STOCK EQUIVALENTS 
    -ASSUMING FULL DILUTION             $    (.72)    $     .26     $    1.12 
                                         ========      ========      ======== 
  Average number of shares outstanding      1,744         1,783         1,679 
                                         ========      ========      ======== 

FINANCIAL CONDITION
  Current assets                        $  30,898     $  30,264     $  27,672 
  Current liabilities                      21,533        20,510        17,357 
  Working capital                           9,365         9,754        10,315 
  Current ratio                         1.43 to 1     1.48 to 1     1.59 to 1 
  Long-term obligations, 
    non-current portion                     4,257         3,692         3,189 
  Shareholders' equity                      8,553         9,780         9,447 
  Book value per common share (1)            4.91          5.56          5.47 
</TABLE>


(1) Information adjusted for three-for-two stock split paid on March 24, 1994.
<PAGE>
                                B.B. WALKER COMPANY
                                CHAIRMAN'S MESSAGE

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS

Fiscal 1995 was a very difficult year for our Company, a year which saw much 
of the footwear industry reporting poorer results than prior years.  Lower 
sales at the retail level have resulted in overstocked inventories which 
retailers have to manage and reduce to a workable level.  As a Company, we 
have had to market and price our products in response to this tough retail 
environment which had an impact on our operating results.

Revenues for the fiscal year ended October 28, 1995 were $43,533,000 compared 
to $51,264,000 for the fiscal year ended October 29, 1994.  The Company 
reported a net loss for 1995 of $1,244,000 and net income of $474,000 for 
1994.

Revenues for the fourth quarter of fiscal 1995 were $12,239,000 compared to 
$14,430,000 in the fourth quarter of fiscal 1994.  The net loss for the fourth 
quarter of 1995 was $53,000.  In 1994, the fourth quarter reflected income of 
$454,000.

The Company has taken several positive steps to address our situation and 
return to profitability in 1996.  For several months now, management has 
reviewed the Company's cost structure in relation to its level of operations 
and identified cost savings opportunities.  Plans have been implemented to cut 
operating costs where possible and reduce staffing levels to match our level 
of operations.  This process will continue into fiscal 1996.  

In December 1995, the Company announced a reorganization of its internal 
structure.  The Company is focusing on serving two markets for footwear, 
western boots and work/outdoor boots.  Each of these markets have distinctive 
characteristics that distinguishes one from the other.  The reorganization 
will create two separate divisions that will operate independently and be 
supported by a small corporate staff.  The new divisions will focus on serving 
western boot customers and work/outdoor boot customers, respectively, which 
will include both instock and private label accounts.  Each division will be 
vertically integrated and will be led by a general manager who will assume 
responsibility for all phases of manufacturing, marketing and distribution of 
the respective division's products.  By eliminating functional lines, each 
division will be more responsive in serving our customers and providing 
products to the market on a more timely basis.

Finally, the Company is aggressively pursuing new markets for its products 
that have not traditionally been served in the past.  There are many 
opportunities available to the Company to gain sales volume and better utilize 
existing capacity in our two plants.  As we begin to capitalize on these 
efforts, we will see an improvement in our operating results.

We appreciate the support and loyalty of our customers, shareholders and 
employees.

                                             Sincerely,

                                             KENT T. ANDERSON
                                             -------------------------------
                                             Kent T. Anderson
                                             Chairman of the Board, Chief
                                             Executive Officer and President
<PAGE>
                       B.B. WALKER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY
                    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (LOSS)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   Fiscal Year Ended
                                         -------------------------------------
                                         October 28,  October 29,  October 30,
                                            1995         1994          1993
                                         -----------  -----------  -----------
(In thousands, except per share data)
<S>                                        <C>          <C>          <C>
Revenues:
 Net sales (Note 11)                       $ 43,453     $ 51,148     $ 55,777 
 Interest and other income                       80          116          102 
                                            -------      -------      ------- 
                                             43,533       51,264       55,879 
                                            -------      -------      ------- 
Costs and expenses:
 Cost of products sold                       32,781       37,506       39,921 
 Selling and administrative expenses         10,359       11,040       11,226 
 Depreciation and amortization                  667          610          544 
 Interest expense                             1,594        1,156        1,133 
 Costs of uncompleted securities 
  offering (Note 13)                            -            140          -   
                                            -------      -------      ------- 
                                             45,401       50,452       52,824 
                                            -------      -------      ------- 
    Income (loss) before income taxes 
      and minority interest                  (1,868)         812        3,055 

 Provision for (benefit from) 
  income taxes (Note 7)                        (626)         336        1,160 
 Minority interest                               (2)          (2)          (2)
                                            -------      -------      ------- 
    Net income (loss)                      $ (1,244)    $    474     $  1,893 
                                            =======      =======      ======= 
Earnings (loss) per share of common stock
 and common stock equivalents (Note 1)     $   (.72)    $    .26     $   1.14 
                                            =======      =======      ======= 
Earnings (loss) per share of common stock 
 and common stock equivalents - assuming 
 full dilution (Note 1)                    $   (.72)    $    .26     $   1.12 
                                            =======      =======      ======= 

</TABLE>

The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral 
part of these financial statements.

<PAGE>
                      B.B. WALKER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY
                          CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

                                    ASSETS
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     October 28,  October 29, 
                                                        1995         1994 
                                                     -----------  ----------- 
(In thousands, except share data)
<S>                                                   <C>          <C>
CURRENT ASSETS:
  Cash                                                $       1    $       1 
  Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful
    accounts of $521 in 1995 and $778 in 1994 (Note 4)   13,467       13,736 
  Inventories (Notes 2 and 4)                            15,828       15,403 
  Prepaid expenses                                          311          240 
  Income tax recovery receivable (Note 7)                   613         -    
  Deferred income tax benefit, current (Note 7)             678          884 
                                                        -------      ------- 
    Total current assets                                 30,898       30,264 

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, net of accumulated 
depreciation and amortization (Notes 3, 5 and 6)          2,968        3,593 

DEFERRED INCOME TAX BENEFIT, LONG-TERM (Note 7)              92           80 

OTHER ASSETS                                                419           79 
                                                        -------      ------- 


                                                      $  34,377    $  34,016 
                                                        =======      ======= 
</TABLE>



The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral 
part of these financial statements.

<PAGE>
                      B.B. WALKER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY
                    CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS, CONTINUED

                     LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     October 28,  October 29, 
                                                        1995         1994 
                                                     -----------  ----------- 
<S>                                                   <C>          <C>
CURRENT LIABILITIES:
  Borrowings under finance agreement (Note 4)         $  14,012    $  12,890 
  Portion of long-term obligations payable
    within one year (Note 5)                              1,088          500 
  Accounts payable, trade                                 5,210        5,489 
  Accrued salaries, wages and bonuses                       591          678 
  Other accounts payable and accrued liabilities            632          916 
  Income taxes payable (Note 7)                            -              37 
                                                        -------      ------- 
    Total current liabilities                            21,533       20,510 
                                                        -------      ------- 

LONG-TERM OBLIGATIONS (Note 5)                            4,257        2,996 

SHORT TERM DEBT TO BE REFINANCED (Note 6)                  -             696 

MINORITY INTERESTS IN CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARY                34           34 

SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY (Notes 10 and 12):
  7% cumulative preferred stock, $100 par value,
    1,150 shares authorized, 828 shares issued
    and outstanding in 1995 and 1994                         83           83 
  Common stock, $1 par value, 6,000,000 shares
    authorized, 1,726,535 shares in 1995 and
    1,743,520 shares in 1994 issued and outstanding       1,727        1,744 
  Capital in excess of par value                          2,724        2,842 
  Retained earnings                                       4,158        5,408 
  Equity loans collateralized by Company 
    common stock                                           (139)        (297)
                                                        -------      ------- 
    Total shareholders' equity                            8,553        9,780 
                                                        -------      ------- 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 9)

                                                      $  34,377    $  34,016 
                                                        =======      ======= 
</TABLE>



The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral 
part of these financial statements.

<PAGE>
                      B.B. WALKER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY
                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   Fiscal Year Ended
                                         -------------------------------------
                                         October 28,  October 29,  October 30,
                                            1995         1994          1993
                                         -----------  -----------  -----------

(In thousands)
<S>                                        <C>         <C>          <C>
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:

Net income (loss)                          $ (1,244)    $    474     $  1,893 
Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss)
  to net cash provided by (used for)
  operating activities:
Depreciation and amortization                   667          610          544 
Gain on sale of fixed assets                   -              (3)         (15)
Deferred income taxes                           194           66         (206)
(Increase) decrease in:
  Accounts receivable, trade (net)              269          620       (1,829)
  Inventories                                  (425)      (3,181)        (582)
  Prepaid expenses                              (71)        (122)         (11)
  Other assets                                   (8)          74           (3)
Increase (decrease) in: 
  Accounts payable, trade                      (279)       1,308          303 
  Accrued salaries, wages and bonuses           (87)         (12)         (42)
  Other accounts payable and 
    accrued liabilities                        (284)        (612)         625 
  Income taxes payable                         (650)        (588)          61 
                                            -------      -------      ------- 
Net cash provided by (used for) 
  operating activities                       (1,918)      (1,366)         738 
                                            -------      -------      ------- 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:

Capital expenditures                            (43)      (2,045)        (545)
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant 
  and equipment                                   1            3           24 
                                            -------      -------      ------- 
Net cash used for investing activities          (42)      (2,042)        (521)
                                            -------      -------      ------- 
</TABLE>

                                                                  (Continued)
<PAGE>
                       B.B. WALKER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY
                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS, CONTINUED
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   Fiscal Year Ended
                                         -------------------------------------
                                         October 28,  October 29,  October 30,
                                            1995         1994          1993
                                         -----------  -----------  -----------
<S>                                       <C>          <C>          <C>
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:

Net borrowing under finance agreement         1,122        3,201          310 
Proceeds from issuance of 
  long-term obligations                       4,232          919        2,347 
Payment on long-term obligations             (3,079)        (570)      (2,772)
Payment of debt issue costs                    (332)        -            -        
Purchase of subsidiary common stock 
  from minority interest                       -              (1)          (7)
Repurchase of Company common stock             -              (3)         (21)
Proceeds from issuance of common stock         -              75          256 
Loans to shareholders, net of 
  cash repayments                                23           59         (221)
Advance to Employee Stock Ownership 
  Plan Trust                                   -            (135)        -    
Dividends paid on common stock                 -            (131)        (103)
Dividends paid on 7% cumulative 
  preferred stock                                (6)          (6)          (6)
                                            -------      -------      ------- 
Net cash provided by (used for) 
  financing activities                        1,960        3,408         (217)
                                            -------      -------      ------- 

Net change in cash                             -            -            -    

Cash at beginning of year                         1            1            1 
                                            -------      -------      ------- 
Cash at end of year                        $      1     $      1     $      1 
                                            =======      =======      ======= 
</TABLE>


Supplemental Disclosure of Noncash Investing and Financing Activities:

Capital lease obligations incurred were $10 in 1994 and $171 in 1993.  No 
capital lease obligations were incurred in 1995.

During 1995, the Company accepted 16,875 shares of its common stock as 
repayment of an advance of $135,000 to the Employee Stock Ownership Plan 
Trust.



The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral 
part of these financial statements.

<PAGE>
                                B.B. WALKER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY
                          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                         Equity Loans 
(In thousands,                 7% Cumulative                     Capital in             Collateralized      Total 
except number                 Preferred Stock    Common Stock     Excess of   Retained     By Common    Shareholders'
 of shares)                   Shares   Amount  Shares    Amount   Par Value   Earnings       Stock        Equity
                              ------   ------ ---------  ------   ---------   --------  -------------  -------------
<S>                           <C>     <C>     <C>       <C>       <C>         <C>           <C>           <C>          
Balance at October 31, 1992    828    $   83  1,545,145 $ 1,545   $   2,734   $  3,287      $   -         $    7,649 

Retirement of common stock	 
  repurchased                  -          -      (3,968)     (4)        (17)      -             -                (21)
Issuance of common stock       -          -     172,500     173          83       -             -                256 
Loans to shareholders          -          -        -       -           -          -             (231)           (231)
Repayment of shareholder 
  loans                        -          -        -       -           -          -               10              10 
Net income                     -          -        -       -           -         1,893          -              1,893 
Dividends on common stock at
  $.067 per share              -          -        -       -           -          (103)         -               (103)
Dividends on 7% preferred 
  stock                        -          -        -       -           -            (6)         -                 (6)
                              ----      ----  ---------  ------     -------     ------        ------        -------- 
Balance at October 30, 1993    828        83  1,713,677   1,714       2,800      5,071          (221)          9,447 

Retirement of common stock	
  repurchased                  -          -        (400)   -             (3)      -             -                 (3)
Issuance of common stock       -          -      30,243      30          45       -             -                 75 
Equity loans collateralized 
  by common stock              -          -        -       -           -          -             (163)           (163)
Repayment of equity loans col-
  lateralized by common stock  -          -        -       -           -          -               87              87 
Net income                     -          -        -       -           -           474          -                474 
Dividends on common stock at
  $.073 per share              -          -        -       -           -          (131)         -               (131)
Dividends on 7% preferred 
  stock                        -          -        -       -           -            (6)         -                 (6)
                              ----      ----  ---------  ------     -------     ------        ------        -------- 
Balance at October 29, 1994    828        83  1,743,520   1,744       2,842      5,408          (297)          9,780 

Retirement of common stock
  repurchased                  -          -        (110)   -           -          -             -               -   
Repayment of equity loans col-
  lateralized by common stock  -          -        -       -           -          -               23              23 
Repayment of equity loans by 
  retirement of common stock   -          -     (16,875)    (17)       (118)      -              135            -   
Net loss                       -          -        -       -           -        (1,244)         -             (1,244)
Dividends on 7% preferred 
  stock                        -          -        -       -           -            (6)         -                 (6)
                              ----      ----  ---------  ------     -------     ------        ------        --------
Balance at October 28, 1995    828    $   83  1,726,535 $ 1,727   $   2,724   $  4,158      $   (139)     $    8,553 
                              ====      ====  =========  ======     =======     ======        ======        ========
</TABLE>
The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral 
part of these financial statements.

<PAGE>
                      B.B. WALKER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY
                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


NOTE 1 - ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Business
- --------
B.B. Walker Company and Subsidiary (the "Company") is engaged in the design, 
manufacture, marketing and distribution of western and work/outdoor footwear.  
The significant accounting policies followed by the Company in preparing the 
accompanying consolidated financial statements are as follows:

Principles of consolidation
- ---------------------------
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of B.B. Walker 
Company and its subsidiary.  All significant intercompany balances and 
transactions are eliminated in consolidation.

Inventories
- -----------
Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market with cost being 
determined on the first-in, first-out basis.

Property, plant and equipment
- -----------------------------
All property, plant and equipment, except assets under capital leases, are 
reported at cost.  Assets under capital leases are reported at the present 
value of the minimum lease payments.  Depreciation is computed by the 
straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets.  
Maintenance and repairs which do not improve or extend the life of an asset 
are charged to expense as incurred.  Any gain or loss on the disposal of 
assets is recorded as other income or expense.

Earnings per share
- ------------------
Earnings per common share is computed by deducting preferred dividends from 
net earnings to determine net earnings attributable to common shareholders.  
This amount is divided by the weighted average number of common shares 
outstanding during the year plus any common stock equivalents arising from 
stock options.  For primary earnings per share, the common stock equivalents 
are calculated using the average common stock price for the year.  For fully 
diluted earnings per share, the common stock equivalents are calculated using 
the common stock price at the end of the year if it is greater than the 
average price for the year.  The weighted average number of shares, including 
common stock equivalents, used in earnings per share computations were:

                                      1995          1994         1993
                                    ---------     ---------    ---------
                  Primary           1,744,000     1,783,000    1,650,000
                  Fully diluted     1,744,000     1,783,000    1,679,000


Revenue recognition
- -------------------
The Company recognizes a sale when the goods are shipped or ownership and risk 
of loss is otherwise assumed by the customer.

Advertising costs
- -----------------
The Company expenses advertising costs, other than direct response 
advertising, as incurred.  Direct response advertising is expensed the 
first time the advertising appears.  Advertising expense for 1995, 1994 and 
1993 is $1,118,000, $1,367,000 and $1,590,000, respectively.

Fiscal year
- -----------
The Company's operations are based on a fifty-two, fifty-three week fiscal 
year that ends on the Saturday closest to October 31.  The 1995, 1994 and 1993 
fiscal years consisted of fifty-two weeks each.

New accounting standards
- ------------------------
In December 1991, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the "FASB") 
adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 107, DISCLOSURE ABOUT 
FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS, which requires disclosure about the fair 
value of certain financial instruments.

In March 1995, the FASB adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards 
No. 121, ACCOUNTING FOR THE IMPAIRMENT OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS AND FOR LONG-LIVED 
ASSETS TO BE DISPOSED OF, which requires that companies assess potential 
impairments of long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangibles when 
there is evidence that events or changes in circumstances have made recovery 
of an asset's carrying value unlikely, and recognize an impairment loss when 
the sum of expected future net cash flows is less than the carrying amount.

In October 1995, the FASB adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards 
No. 123, ACCOUNTING FOR STOCK BASED COMPENSATION, which provides that 
companies adopt a method of accounting for stock compensation awards based on 
the estimated fair value at the date the awards are granted using an accepted 
pricing model.  The resulting charge to income is recognized over the period 
during which the options or awards vest.  The FASB encourages recognition of 
such expense in the statement of income but does not require it.  If expense 
is not recorded in the financial statements, pro forma disclosures are 
required regarding the effects on net income and earnings per share had 
expense been recognized.

Adoption of FAS No. 107 is required for fiscal 1996.  Adoption of FAS No. 121 
and FAS No. 123 are required for fiscal 1997.  Management is evaluating the 
potential effects on the Company's financial statements of adoption of these 
statements.  While such evaluation is not complete, management currently does 
not expect adoption of the statements will have a material effect on its 
financial condition or results of operations.


NOTE 2 - INVENTORIES

Inventories on hand at October 28, 1995 and October 29, 1994 consisted of the 
following:

                                                  (In thousands)
                                            October 28,     October 29,
                                               1995            1994     
                                            -----------     -----------
        Finished goods                      $     9,574     $     8,688
        Work in process                             807             738
        Raw materials and supplies                5,447           5,977
                                              ---------       ---------
                                            $    15,828     $    15,403
                                              =========       =========


NOTE 3 - PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Property, plant and equipment, by major class, at October 28, 1995 and October 
29, 1994 was as follows:

                                                  (In thousands)
                                            October 28,     October 29,
                                               1995            1994     
                                            -----------     -----------
        Land                                   $    425        $    425
        Buildings                                 2,285           2,276
        Leasehold improvements                      489             493
        Machinery and equipment:
          Owned                                   3,770           4,075
          Capital leases                          1,143           1,184
        Transportation equipment:
          Owned                                     245             212
          Capital leases                              9              43
        Construction in process                      14            -   
                                                 ------          ------
                                                  8,380           8,708
        Less accumulated depreciation
          and amortization                        5,412           5,115
                                                 ------          ------
                                               $  2,968        $  3,593
                                                 ======          ======

Included in accumulated depreciation at October 28, 1995 and October 29, 1994 
is $908,000 and $813,000, respectively, related to capital leases.


NOTE 4 - BORROWINGS UNDER FINANCE AGREEMENT

On August 15, 1995, the Company entered into a new revolving finance agreement 
with a bank which replaced the existing revolving finance agreement.  The new 
financing provides daily requirements for working capital and refinanced the 
existing mortgage note payable on the Asheboro facility.  The new agreement 
has two primary components, a revolving credit commitment and a term loan.  
The revolving credit commitment permits borrowings up to certain percentages 
of eligible accounts receivable and inventories, not to exceed $20,000,000 in 
aggregate ($11,000,000 for accounts receivable and $6,500,000 to $9,000,000 
for inventory which is adjusted seasonally).  Interest at the bank's prime 
rate plus one-half percent (9.25% at October 28, 1995) is accrued on all 
outstanding amounts.  The Company pays a commitment fee on a monthly basis 
equal to .25% of the unused availability under the agreement.  The Company 
also incurs other miscellaneous fees related to the operation of the credit 
facility.

As discussed more fully in Note 5, the second portion of the agreement 
provided a term loan of $3,000,000 with a variable interest rate.  Proceeds 
from this loan were used to repay the existing mortgage note on the Asheboro 
facility with the remainder applied against the outstanding amount under the 
revolving finance agreement.

Borrowings under the agreement are secured by all accounts receivable, 
inventories, machinery and equipment of the Company.  In addition, the bank 
has a first lien on the Asheboro land and facilities.  The Company has granted 
the bank a subordinated security interest in the Somerset facility with the 
approval of the other lenders on the Somerset facility.

The agreement contains various restrictive covenants, as amended effective 
October 28, 1995, which include, among other things, maintenance of certain 
financial ratios, limits on capital expenditures, minimum net worth 
requirements and net income requirements.  The agreement also restricts 
payment of dividends on common stock to payments made with shares of common 
stock.  At October 28, 1995, the Company was in compliance with its 
amended covenants.  

The previous financing agreement with a bank permitted borrowings up to 
certain percentages of eligible accounts receivable and inventories, not to 
exceed $15,000,000 in aggregate ($7,000,000 for accounts receivable and 
$8,000,000 for inventory).  Interest accrued on outstanding amounts at one-
half percent above the bank's prime rate.


                                               (In thousands)
                                                 Fiscal year
                                          ------------------------- 
                                           1995      1994      1993  
                                          ------    ------    ------
      Average short-term borrowings     $ 12,633  $ 10,384  $  7,906
      Maximum short-term borrowings     $ 14,717  $ 12,927  $ 10,195
      Weighted average interest rate        9.6%      7.9%      7.5%
      Interest rate at year-end            9.25%     8.25%      7.5%

The weighted average interest rate is computed by dividing interest expense on 
the short-term borrowings by the average borrowings during the fiscal year.


NOTE 5 - LONG TERM OBLIGATIONS

Long-term debt and other non-current obligations consist of the following:

                                                  (In thousands)
                                            October 28,     October 29,
                                               1995            1994     
                                            -----------     -----------
  Note payable to a bank, due in 84 
   monthly installments, which include 
   accrued interest, ranging from $36,000 
   to $59,000 through July 2002, variable 
   interest at the bank's prime rate plus 
   1/2% (9.25% at October 28, 1995), 
   secured by accounts receivable, 
   inventories and substantially all 
   fixed assets                              $    2,929       $    -   
  Note payable to a bank, due in monthly 
   installments of principal plus accrued 
   interest of $2,550 through September 2009,
   variable interest at the bank's prime 
   rate plus .75% (9.5% at October 28, 1995),
   secured by the Company's land and 
   building in Somerset, PA                         236            -   
  Note payable to the Pennsylvania Industrial
   Development Authority, due in monthly 
   installments of principal plus accrued 
   interest of $3,089 through April 2010, 
   fixed interest at 2% per annum, secured 
   by the Company's land and building in 
   Somerset, PA                                     466            -   
  Note payable to the Pennsylvania Economic
   Revitalization Fund, due in monthly 
   installments of principal plus accrued 
   interest of $1,544 through August 2010, 
   fixed interest at 2% per annum, secured 
   by the Company's land and buildings in 
   Somerset, PA                                     238            -   
  Mortgage note payable to a bank, due in 
   monthly installments including interest 
   of $20,000, interest at 7.75%, paid in 1995     -              2,118
  Promissory notes payable to shareholders, 
   due in varying amounts through 1998, 
   variable interest based on prime rate          1,233             965
  Capital lease obligations, due in monthly 
   installments through 1998, interest 
   ranging from 12% to 12.75%                       243             413
                                                -------         -------
                                                  5,345           3,496
  Less amounts payable within one year            1,088             500
                                                -------         -------
                                             $    4,257      $    2,996
                                                =======         =======

The effective interest rate on the promissory notes payable to shareholders 
averaged 9.9% in 1995 and 9.7% in 1994.  Cash paid for interest was $1,574,000 
in 1995, $1,153,000 in 1994 and $1,134,000 in 1993.

Principal maturities on long-term obligations are as follows:

                      Fiscal Year       (In thousands)
                        Ending             Amounts
                      -----------        ------------ 
                         1996             $   1,088
                         1997                 1,012
                         1998                   820
                         1999                   484
                         2000                   486
                      Thereafter              1,455
                                             ------
                                          $   5,345
                                             ======


NOTE 6 - SHORT TERM DEBT TO BE REFINANCED

In July 1994, the Company purchased a larger manufacturing facility in 
Somerset, Pennsylvania to replace the existing facility also located in 
Somerset.  During 1994, the Company obtained commitments for permanent 
financing on a portion of the purchase cost of the facility.  During the 
period between the closing date of the purchase and the date the permanent 
financing was finalized, the Company temporarily borrowed $696,000 from a bank 
on a short-term note to provide the funds for closing.  The note carried 
interest at prime plus .75%.  The Company retired the short-term bank note 
with the long-term financing in fiscal 1995.


NOTE 7 - INCOME TAXES (In Thousands)

In February 1992, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement of 
Financial Accounting Standards No. 109 (FAS 109), Accounting for Income Taxes.  
FAS 109 requires a change from the deferred method of accounting for income 
taxes of APB Opinion 11 to the asset and liability method of accounting for 
income taxes.  Under the asset and liability method of FAS 109, deferred tax 
assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences 
attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts 
of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.  Deferred 
tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to 
apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are 
expected to be recovered or settled.  Under FAS 109,  the effect on deferred 
tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in 
the period that includes the enactment date.  Pursuant to the deferred method 
under APB Opinion 11, which was applied in 1993 and prior years, deferred 
income taxes were recognized for income and expense items that were reported 
in different years for financial reporting purposes and income tax purposes 
using the tax rate applicable for the year of the calculation.  Under the 
deferred method, deferred taxes were not adjusted for subsequent changes in 
tax rates.

On October 31, 1993, the Company adopted FAS 109 without restating prior 
years' financial statements.  The cumulative effect of the change in the 
method of accounting for income taxes was deemed immaterial to the Company's 
financial statements and therefore is not disclosed separately in the 
financial statements.

The components of the provision for (benefit from) income taxes are as 
follows:

                                        October 28,  October 29,  October 30,
                                           1995         1994         1993     
                                        -----------  -----------  ----------- 
          Current:
            Federal                      $   (820)    $    240     $  1,141
            State                             -             30          225
                                           ------       ------       ------
                                             (820)         270        1,366
                                           ------       ------       ------
          Deferred:
            Federal                           194           58         (169)
            State                             -              8          (37)
                                           ------       ------       ------
                                              194           66         (206)
                                           ------       ------       ------

                                         $   (626)    $    336     $  1,160
                                           ======       ======       ======

The Company has state net economic loss carryforwards of $115,000 which expire 
in 2000.  Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds, was ($141,000) in 1995, 
$853,000 in 1994, and $1,304,000 in 1993.

The provision for (benefit from) income taxes differs from the amount computed 
by applying the U.S. federal income tax rate of 34 percent to income (loss) 
before income taxes for the three years ended October 28, 1995, October 29, 
1994 and October 30, 1993 as follows:

                                        October 28,  October 29,  October 30,
                                           1995         1994         1993     
                                        -----------  -----------  ----------- 
    Computed expected income tax
      expense (benefit)                  $   (636)    $    275     $  1,039
    State income taxes (benefit), net 
      of federal income tax benefit          (115)          24          124
    Change in the valuation allowance         115          -            -  
    Other, net                                 10           37           (3)
                                           ------       ------       ------
                                         $   (626)    $    336     $  1,160
                                           ======       ======       ======

The significant components of deferred income tax expense for the years ended 
October 28, 1995 and October 29, 1994 are as follows:

                                               October 28,     October 29,
                                                  1995            1994     
                                               -----------     -----------
   Deferred tax expense (exclusive of the 
     effect of other components listed below)    $    194        $     66
   State deferred tax benefit                        (115)             - 
   Change in the valuation allowance                  115              - 
                                                    -----           -----
                                                 $    194        $     66
                                                    =====           =====


For the year ended October 30, 1993, deferred income tax expense of $206,000 
resulted from timing differences in the recognition of income and expense for 
income tax and financial reporting purposes.  The sources and tax effects of 
those timing differences are presented below:

                                              October 30,
                                                 1993     
                                              -----------
     Provision for doubtful accounts            $    (92)
     Reserve for sales discounts                     (19)
     Additional inventory costs                       50
     Self insurance accrual                          (35)
     Difference in income tax and financial
       statement depreciation rates                  (47)
     Change in inventory reserve                     (83)
     Other, net                                       20
                                                   -----
                                                $   (206)
                                                   =====

The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant 
portions of the deferred tax assets at October 28, 1995 and October 29, 1994 
are as follows:

                                               October 28,     October 29,
                                                  1995            1994     
                                               -----------     -----------
 Deferred tax assets:
   Current portion:
     Provision for doubtful accounts              $   193         $   289
     Reserve for sales discounts                       89             104
     Self insurance accrual for claims incurred
       but not reported at year-end                    84              82
     Inventories, principally due to additional 
       costs inventoried for tax purposes             347             385
     Accruals for certain employee benefits            24              24
                                                    -----           -----
       Total current                                  737             884
                                                    -----           -----
   Long-term portion:
     Accruals for certain employee benefits            29              45
     State economic loss carryforward                 115             -  
     Other                                             62              35
                                                    -----           -----
       Total long-term                                206              80
                                                    -----           -----
         Total gross deferred tax assets              943             964
         Valuation allowance                         (115)            -  
                                                    -----           -----
                                                      828             964
                                                    -----           -----
 Deferred tax liabilities:
   Current portion:
     Prepaid employee benefits                        (58)            -  
                                                    -----           -----
         Net deferred tax asset                   $   770         $   964
                                                    =====           =====



NOTE 8 - EMPLOYEE BENEFIT AND STOCK OPTION PLANS

The Company and its subsidiary sponsor retirement plans which provide benefits 
to all qualified employees.  Administrative and trustee expenses associated 
with these plans are paid by the Company.

The Company provides a non-contributory, defined contribution plan for all 
eligible employees that invests in the common stock of the Company.  
Contributions to the Employee Stock Ownership Plan of B.B. Walker Company, 
which are determined by the Board of Directors, were $65,000 in 1995, $65,000 
in 1994 and $120,000 in 1993.

The Retirement Savings Plan of B.B. Walker Company, a Section 401-K plan, is 
available to all eligible employees meeting certain age and service 
requirements.  The plan is not available to employees of the Company's 
subsidiary who are covered by a defined benefit pension plan.  Employee 
contributions are limited to a percentage of their base compensation, as 
defined in the plan.  The plan does provide for matching contributions by the 
Company, but such contributions are made at the discretion of the Company.  
Contributions to the plan were $30,000 in 1995, $30,000 in 1994 and $60,000 in 
1993.

The Company sponsors a non-contributory, defined benefit pension plan which 
covers employees of its subsidiary.  The plan provides benefits based on years 
of service.  The Company's funding policy is to contribute annually the 
minimum required contribution.  Contributions are intended to provide not only 
for benefits attributed to service to date but also for those expected to be 
earned in the future.

Net annual pension expense for 1995, 1994 and 1993 included the following 
components (in thousands):
                                              1995     1994     1993
                                              ----     ----     ----
  Service cost - benefits earned 
    during the period                        $  69    $  65    $  57
  Interest on projected benefit obligation      46       39       31
  Actual return on plan assets                 (47)     (42)     (40)
  Net amortization and deferral                (20)     (17)     (10)
                                               ---      ---      ---
  Net annual pension expense                 $  48    $  45    $  38
                                               ===      ===      ===

The following table sets forth the plan's funded status at October 28, 1995 
and October 29, 1994 (in thousands):
                                                   October 28,   October 29,
                                                      1995          1994
                                                   -----------   -----------
  Actuarial present value of benefit obligations:
    Vested benefit obligations                        $   648       $   594
                                                        =====         =====
    Accumulated benefit obligations                   $   713       $   641
                                                        =====         =====
  Projected benefit obligation                        $  (713)      $  (641)
  Plan assets at fair value                               863           759
                                                        -----         -----
  Plan assets in excess of projected benefit 
    obligation                                            150           118
  Unrecognized net loss                                    78            66
  Unrecognized net asset at transition                    (74)          (82)
                                                        -----         -----
    Prepaid pension cost                              $   154       $   102
                                                        =====         =====


The weighted average discount rate used in determining the actuarial present 
value of the projected benefit obligation and the expected long-term rate of 
return on assets was 7.5% for 1995, 1994 and 1993.

The Company also has an incentive bonus plan for employees which allows the 
Company to pay bonuses based upon certain percentages of operating profit.  
Expenses associated with this plan were $86,000 in 1994 and $534,000 in 1993.  
No incentive bonuses were accrued for 1995.

In March 1995, the Board of Directors approved, and the shareholders ratified, 
the 1995 Incentive Stock Option Plan and Automatic Stock Option Grant Program 
for Key Employees and Non-Employee Directors.  Under the Incentive Stock 
Option Plan for Key Employees, a maximum of 300,000 shares of the Company's 
authorized but unissued common stock has been reserved for issuance to key 
employees. For employees owning less than 10% of the Company's common stock, 
the options are granted at not less than 100% of the fair market value at the 
date of grant and expire ten years from the date of grant.  For employees 
owning 10% or more of the Company's stock, options are granted at not less 
than 110% of the fair market value and expire five years from the date of 
grant.  One-half of the options granted are exercisable at the date of grant; 
one-half are exercisable after twelve months.

Under the Automatic Stock Option Grant Program of the 1995 Incentive Stock 
Option Plan, a maximum of 50,000 shares of the Company's authorized but 
unissued common stock has been reserved for issuance to non-employee directors 
of the Company.  Non-employee directors will be granted an option to purchase 
1,000 shares of common stock on the first business day after the annual 
meeting of shareholders where the director is elected or remains a member of 
the Board of Directors.  The option price for each option granted is 100% of 
the fair market value at the date of grant.  The options will expire 10 years 
from the date of grant.  One-half of the options granted are exercisable at 
the date of grant; one-half are exercisable after twelve months.

The Company's 1987 Incentive Stock Option Plan, which covered 300,000 shares 
of the Company's common stock is still active.  All available options under 
this plan have been granted.  The terms of this plan were substantially the 
same as the 1995 Incentive Stock Option Plan described above.  A summary of 
the activity in the plans is as follows:

                                       Year of     Number of     Options Price
                                        Grant        Shares        Per Share  
                                       -------     ---------     -------------
       Options outstanding at
         October 31, 1992                            199,500     $ 1.33 - 2.00
           Granted                       1993         92,250       4.00 - 5.83
           Exercised                  1989-1992     (172,500)      1.33 - 2.00
                                                    --------
       Options outstanding at
         October 30, 1993                            119,250       1.33 - 5.83
           Exercised                  1989-1993      (29,700)      1.33 - 4.40
                                                    --------
       Options outstanding at
         October 29, 1994                             89,550       1.33 - 5.83
           Granted                                    93,000          3.50
           Forfeited                     1993        (15,600)      4.00 - 4.40
                                                    --------
       Options outstanding at
         October 28, 1995                            166,950     $ 1.33 - 5.83
                                                    ========

  Options available for future grant - 1987 plan        -    
                                                    ========
  Options available for future grant - 1995 plan     288,350
                                                    ========

Outstanding options exercisable at October 28, 1995, October 29, 1994 and 
October 30, 1993 were 120,450, 89,550, and 73,125, respectively.


NOTE 9 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

LEASE COMMITMENTS
- -----------------
The Company has entered into various capital and operating leases for certain 
buildings and machinery and equipment.  The agreements expire at various dates 
through 2000.  The future minimum lease payments under capital leases and 
noncancelable operating leases with initial terms of one year or more are as 
follows:

                                                  (In thousands)
                                               Capital     Operating
         Fiscal year ending                    Leases       Leases   
         ------------------                   ---------    ---------
                1996                            $  183       $  480
                1997                                82          347
                1998                                10          214
                1999                               -            132
                2000                               -             40
                                                 -----       ------
     Total minimum lease payments                  275      $ 1,213
     Amounts representing interest                  32       ======
                                                 -----
     Present value of minimum lease payments
       (includes current portion of $159)       $  243
                                                 =====

Rental expense amounted to $578,000 in 1995, $606,000 in 1994 and $624,000 in 
1993.


LITIGATION
- ----------
From time to time, the Company is a defendant in legal actions involving 
claims arising in the normal course of business.  In management's opinion, 
after consultation with counsel and a review of the facts, the liabilities, if 
any, resulting from such legal proceedings will not have a material effect on 
the Company's financial position or results of operations.


NOTE 10 - SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

The 7% cumulative preferred stock is callable at the option of the Company at 
$103 per share plus any unpaid dividends.  Preferred shareholders are entitled 
to seventy voting rights per share if dividends on preferred stock are not 
paid within ninety days after the scheduled due date.  At October 28, 1995, 
there are no preferred dividends in arrears.

The Company is authorized to issue up to 200,000 shares of Class A preferred 
stock having no par value.  The Class A preferred stock may be issued in one 
or more series with terms, preferences, limitations and relative rights being 
established by the Board of Directors.  At October 28, 1995, no Class A 
preferred stock has been issued.

The Company has made loans to certain key employees for the purchase of the 
Company's common stock as stipulated in the 1987 Incentive Stock Option Plan.  
The loans are secured by the common stock purchased and shares are released 
from collateral as the loan principal is paid down.  The loans bear interest 
at 4% annually.


NOTE 11 - CREDIT CONCENTRATIONS AND SALES TO MAJOR CUSTOMERS

The Company's trade receivables do not represent significant concentrations of 
credit risk because a large number of geographically diverse customers 
comprise the customer base.  However, a substantial portion of the customer 
base is retailers and the Company derived approximately 12% and 10% of its net 
sales from one major customer in 1994 and 1993, respectively.  In 1995, no 
customers comprised more than 10% of sales.


NOTE 12 - CHANGES IN CAPITAL STRUCTURE

In February 1994, the Company's Board of Directors approved a three-for-two 
stock split of the Company's common stock.  Accordingly, the per share amounts 
in the financial statements and related notes thereto have been retroactively 
restated to reflect this stock split.

Also in January 1994, the Board of Directors approved an amendment to the 
Company's Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized 
shares of the Company's common stock from 2.5 million shares to 6 million 
shares.  The amendment was ratified by shareholders in March 1994.


NOTE 13 - COSTS OF UNCOMPLETED SECURITIES OFFERING

During 1994, the Company filed a Form S-2 registration statement with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission covering 911,500 shares of its common stock 
to be offered to the public.  The public offering was not completed in 1994.  
The expenses incurred in preparing and filing the registration statement of 
$140,000 were expensed in 1994 by the Company.





<PAGE>
                        REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS



To the Board of Directors and
Shareholders of B.B. Walker Company


In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the related 
consolidated statements of income, of shareholders' equity and of cash flows 
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of B.B. 
Walker Company and its subsidiary at October 28, 1995 and October 29, 1994, 
and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three 
years in the period ended October 28, 1995, in conformity with generally 
accepted accounting principles.  These financial statements are the 
responsibility of the Company's management; our responsibility is to express 
an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.  We conducted 
our audits of these statements in accordance with generally accepted auditing 
standards which require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain 
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of 
material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence 
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing 
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, 
and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.  We believe that 
our audits provide a reasonable basis for the opinion expressed above.



PRICE WATERHOUSE LLP

Winston-Salem, North Carolina
December 1, 1995




<PAGE>
                                         B.B. WALKER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY
                                               SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

(In thousands, except for 
 items denoted by (1) below)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  1995          1994          1993          1992          1991
                                                 ------        ------        ------        ------        ------
<S>                                           <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>          
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS:
Net sales                                      $ 43,453      $ 51,148      $ 55,777      $ 47,817      $ 40,239 
                                                =======       =======       =======       =======       =======
Income (loss) from continuing operations
 before income taxes, minority interests
 and extraordinary item                        $ (1,868)     $    812      $  3,055      $  1,783      $    445 
Provision for (benefit from) income taxes          (626)          336         1,160           579           164 
Minority interests in continuing operations          (2)           (2)           (2)           (2)           (2) 
                                                -------       -------       -------       -------       -------
Income (loss) before  extraordinary item         (1,244)          474         1,893         1,202           279 
Extraordinary item-realization of tax
 operating loss carryforwards                       -             -             -             477           156 
                                                -------       -------       -------       -------       ------- 
Net income (loss)                              $ (1,244)     $    474      $  1,893      $  1,679      $    435 
                                                =======       =======       =======       =======       ======= 

FINANCIAL CONDITION:
Current assets                                 $ 30,898      $ 30,264      $ 27,672      $ 25,099      $ 25,338 
Current liabilities                              21,533        20,510        17,357        16,253        18,107 
Working capital                                   9,365         9,754        10,315         8,846         7,231 
Current ratio (1)                             1.43 to 1     1.48 to 1     1.59 to 1     1.54 to 1     1.40 to 1 
Total assets                                     34,377        34,016        30,028        27,234        27,265 
Long-term obligations                             4,257         3,692         3,189         3,290         3,110 
Minority interests in consolidated subsidiary        34            34            35            42            42 
Total liabilities                                25,824        24,236        20,581        19,585        21,259 
Shareholders' equity                              8,553         9,780         9,447         7,649         6,006 

PER SHARE INFORMATION (1) (2):
Shareholders' equity (book value)             $    4.91     $    5.56     $    5.47     $    4.89     $    3.80 
                                                =======       =======       =======       =======       ======= 
Per share of common stock and common
 stock equivalent:
  Income (loss) from continuing
   operations before extraordinary item	      $    (.72)    $     .26     $    1.14     $     .75     $     .17 
  Extraordinary item-realization of tax	
   operating loss carryforwards                      -            -             -             .30           .10 
                                                -------       -------       -------       -------       -------
  Net income (loss)                           $    (.72)    $     .26     $    1.14     $    1.05     $     .27 
                                                =======       =======       =======       =======       =======
Per share of common stock and common
 stock equivalent-assuming full dilution:
Income (loss) from continuing
   operations before extraordinary item	      $    (.72)    $     .26     $    1.12     $     .73     $     .17 
  Extraordinary item-realization of tax	
   operating loss carryforwards                      -            -             -             .29           .09 
                                                -------       -------       -------       -------       -------
  Net income (loss)                           $    (.72)    $     .26     $    1.12     $    1.02     $     .26 
                                                =======       =======       =======       =======       =======

Cash dividends on preferred stock             $    7.00     $    7.00     $    7.00     $    7.00     $    7.00 
Cash dividends on common stock (2)                 -             .073          .067          -             -   

OTHER INFORMATION:
Property, plant and equipment, net             $  2,968      $  3,593      $  2,148      $  1,985      $  1,728 
Depreciation and amortization                       667           610           544           366           292 
Capital additions                                    43         2,055           716           670           335 
Space occupied (square feet)                        358           363           325           329           332 
Average number of common shares outstanding(2)    1,731         1,737         1,625         1,548         1,589 
Number of shareholders (1)	                       1,229         1,142         1,185         1,370         1,405 
Number of employees (1)                             637           658           642           599           528 
</TABLE>

(2) Information adjusted for three-for-two stock split paid on March 24, 1994.


<PAGE>
                       B.B. WALKER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY
               MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF RESULTS OF
                       OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
- ---------------------
The following summarizes the results of operations for the Company for the 
years ended October 28, 1995, October 29, 1994 and October 30, 1993:

                                        October 28,  October 29,  October 30,
                                           1995         1994         1993
                                        -----------  -----------  -----------
   Net sales                                100.0%       100.0%       100.0%
   Cost of products sold                     75.4%        73.3%        71.6%
                                           -------      -------      -------
     Gross margin                            24.6%        26.7%        28.4%

   Selling and administrative expenses       23.9%        21.6%        20.1%
   Depreciation and amortization              1.5%         1.2%         1.0%
   Interest expense                           3.7%         2.2%         2.0%
   Costs of uncompleted securities offering    -            .3%          -
   Interest and other income                  (.2%)        (.2%)        (.2%)
                                           -------      -------      -------
     Income (loss) before income taxes
       and minority interest                 (4.3%)        1.6%         5.5%

   Provision for (benefit from) 
     income taxes                            (1.4%)         .7%         2.1%
   Minority interest                           -            -            -    
                                           -------      -------      -------

     Net income (loss)                       (2.9%)         .9%         3.4%
                                           =======      =======      =======

FISCAL 1995 COMPARED TO FISCAL 1994

Net Sales
- ---------
Net sales for 1995 were $43,453,000 which was 15.0% lower than net sales of 
$51,148,000 in 1994.  Sales of branded footwear accounted for 73.8% and 
62.3% of net sales in 1995 and 1994, respectively.  Private label sales in 
1995 and 1994 were 19.1% and 26.1% of net sales, respectively.  The remaining 
7.1% and 11.6% of net sales in 1995 and 1994, respectively, were primarily 
composed of sales from the Company's retail outlets and footwear imported for 
customers.  

Sales of branded footwear in the Work/Outdoor Division were essentially flat 
for the year compared to 1994, showing a decrease of .5%.  Domestic sales in 
the Work/Outdoor Division were down $500,000, or 3.8% in 1995.  A mild winter 
in 1995 impacted sales early in the year for this division.  In addition, the 
popularity of this type of footwear with customers, has led to significant 
competition for shelf space.  Export sales for this division were up $400,000, 
or 19.6%, for 1995.  Stronger sales in Europe and additional efforts made to 
service new markets overseas led to the growth.  Pairs sold in this division 
in 1995 were down .4% while the average price per pair rose 1.7%.

Branded footwear sales in the Western Boot Division improved for the year as 
compared to 1994.  Sales in this division were higher than the prior year by 
$1,000,000 or 6.6%.  Retail sales of western footwear were sluggish during 
most of 1994 which resulted in retailers overstocking inventories.  As a 
result, orders to replace inventory were slow as retailers worked to turn 
their on-hand inventory.  During 1995, retailers have worked their inventories 
to a more manageable level which has resulted in stronger orders in 1995 than 
in 1994.  In addition, the Company has more aggressively marketed its footwear 
in response to the slower sales of 1994.  This has led to greater competition 
for market share and more pressure on pricing of its product.  For the year, 
pairs shipped were up 11.3%, however, the average price per pair fell 8.0%.

Sales in the Private Label Division were down $6,500,000, or 44.1%, in 1995 
from 1994 levels.  Many of the customers that are part of this division 
carried high inventories into the current year and did not achieve expected 
sales levels, therefore, orders were significantly lower than the prior year.  
Most private label customers only filled in existing lines as needed.  The 
Company is actively pursuing new private label markets that have not 
previously been served in order to secure more shelf space with these 
retailers.  Pairs shipped in this division were down 47.7% from 1994.

Finally, other sales of the Company, which are primarily retail sales and 
sales from shoes imported for customers, were down $2,100,000.  Substantially 
all of the decrease is a result of the Company no longer importing shoes for 
major customers.  This service was phased out during the first quarter of 
1995.  In addition, the Company closed one retail outlet in the third quarter 
which impacted sales for the retail division.


Gross Margin
- ------------
The Company's gross profit was $10,672,000 in 1995 and $13,642,000 in 1994.  
As a percentage of sales, 1995's gross margin was 24.6% and 1994's gross 
margin was 26.7%.  The gross margin percentage was impacted by heavy 
discounting and other promotional programs in both branded divisions.  
Significant competition has led to aggressive pricing and dating terms in 
order to induce orders and increase market share.  In addition, manufacturing 
variances, primarily from fixed expenses, have had an unfavorable impact on 
the gross margin.  For 1995, the Company's plants produced 13.3% fewer pairs 
than 1994.  Most of the reduction can be attributed to the reduction in orders 
from private label customers.


Selling and Administrative Expenses
- -----------------------------------
Selling and administrative expenses were $10,359,000 for 1995 as compared to 
$11,040,000 for 1994, a decrease of $681,000, or 6.2%.  Expenses in most areas 
were lower in 1995 than in 1994.  The Company reviewed its expense structure 
and aggressively moved to reduce operating expenses in 1995.  Many of the 
reductions were implemented in the latter half of the second quarter and their 
full impact has not been fully realized.  Salary and benefits were down 
approximately $383,000 for 1995 as compared to 1994.  Several personnel 
positions, which are vacant, have not been filled with their work being 
redistributed.  In addition, lower sales have resulted in lower commissions 
expense.  Computer costs for the year were down $221,000.  During 1994, the 
Company implemented an extensive new manufacturing package which required 
significant support from the software developer.  Much of this package was 
operational by the end of 1994 and required less for support expenses in 1995.  
In addition, the Company has postponed some new computer-related projects in 
1995 in order to reduce expenses.  For 1995, advertising and sample expenses 
were $249,000 lower than in 1994.  The Company has reduced expenditures on its 
advertising programs in order to reduce expenses in 1995.  In addition, during 
1994, the Company was completing the development of its consumer/retailing 
advertising program.  These programs have been in place during much of 1995, 
resulting in lower consumer advertising outlays.  These reductions in expenses 
were partially offset by higher freight costs and bad debt expenses.  Freight 
costs were $198,000 higher in 1995 than in 1994 because of special promotional 
programs offered by the branded divisions to customers.  The increase in bad 
debt expense for 1995 is attributed to the economy and retailers having 
difficulty in turning their inventories quickly.


Interest Expense
- ----------------
Interest expense incurred in 1995 was $1,594,000, or $438,000 more than 
interest expense of $1,156,000 for 1994.  The increase for 1995 can be 
attributed to the higher average balances on outstanding debt and higher 
average interest rates than in the comparable period a year ago.  Average 
outstanding advances under the revolving finance agreement were approximately 
$2,200,000 higher in 1995 than in 1994.  Interest rates for this agreement 
ranged from 8.25% to 9.5% in 1995 and from 6.75% to 8.25% in 1994.  The other 
major factor was outstanding amounts for promissory notes to shareholders.  
For 1995, the average amount outstanding was $1,150,000 compared to $860,000 
for 1994.  Interest rates on these notes payable range from 8% to 10%.  

The Company anticipates that interest expense from fixed rate debt will 
increase due to changes in the Company's debt structure in 1995.  The Company 
financed the acquisition of a larger facility in Somerset, PA with $960,000 in 
financing from two agencies of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and a bank 
note.  The financing from the governmental agencies amounted to $720,000 and 
accrues interest at a rate of 2%.  The bank note was for $240,000 and bears 
interest at the bank's prime rate plus .75% (9.25% at October 28, 1995).  In 
addition, as part of a new financing agreement with a bank signed on August 
15, 1995, the Company replaced the existing mortgage note payable which 
amounted to $2,060,000 and carried interest at the bank's prime rate plus .75% 
with a cap of 7.75% with a $3,000,000 term loan bearing interest at the new 
bank's prime rate plus .5% (9.25% at October 28, 1995).


Depreciation and Amortization
- -----------------------------
Depreciation and amortization rose $57,000 to $667,000 in 1995 from $610,000 
in 1994.  The increase is the result of a full year of depreciation being 
taken in 1995 on assets acquired in 1994 versus only a half year of 
depreciation being taken in 1994.  Capital expenditures made in 1994 were 
$2,055,000.  Capital expenditures for 1995 were $43,000.


Provision for Income Taxes
- --------------------------
The Company posted a net loss before income taxes for 1995 of $1,868,000 and, 
therefore, recorded a net benefit from income taxes of $626,000.  The 
provision for income taxes in 1994 was $336,000.  The largest part of the 
change in the Company's effective income tax rate from 1995 to 1994 was due to 
the Company recording a valuation allowance of $115,000 to establish a reserve 
against its deferred tax assets.


Net Income
- ----------
For the year ended October 28, 1995, the Company reported a net loss of 
$1,244,000, or 2.9% of net sales.  For the year ended October 29, 1994, the 
Company had net income of $474,000, or .9% of net sales.  The change of 
$1,718,000 can be attributed primarily to lower sales volume in 1995 compared 
to 1994.  Retailers were slow to turn their inventories as the market was 
soft, and therefore orders to restock inventory were not as strong as the 
prior years.  In addition, the reduction in demand impacted the ability of the 
Company to operate its plants efficiently resulting in unfavorable 
manufacturing variances. Another factor that eroded the Company's margins 
was significant competition which led to aggressive pricing and dating terms.
Finally, rising interest rates, larger average outstanding balances and 
additional long-term debt resulted in significant increases in interest 
expense.  These higher expenses were partially offset by lower selling and 
administrative expenses.



FISCAL 1994 COMPARED TO FISCAL 1993

Net Sales
- ---------
Net sales for the 1994 were $51,148,000 which was 8% lower than net sales of 
$55,777,000 in 1993.  Sales of branded footwear accounted for 62.3% and 66.8% 
of net sales in 1994 and 1993, respectively.  Private label sales in 1994 and 
1993 were 26.1% and 20.5% of net sales, respectively.  The remaining 11.6% and 
12.7% of net sales in 1994 and 1993, respectively, are primarily composed of 
sales from retail outlets and footwear imported for customers.  

Sales of branded footwear in the Work/Outdoor Division were down 1% for the 
year due primarily to a decrease in export sales from the prior year.  Export 
sales of the Work/Outdoor Division were off $2,000,000, or 40%, from 1993.  In 
1993, export sales jumped significantly when the Company added several new 
export accounts with large initial shipments and increased volume with 
existing customers.  However, development of new international accounts in 
1994 was slower.  Also, economic recessions in many countries, particularly 
some European countries, impacted sales of several of the Company's largest 
export customers.  Domestic sales in the Work/Outdoor Division rose 
$1,700,000, or 16%, in 1994.  Growth in domestic branded sales benefited from 
a restructuring of the sales force which provided more salesmen and allowed 
for more aggressive pursuit of retail accounts.  As a result, the Company 
added numerous new accounts to this division in 1994.  In addition, sales have 
reflected the growing popularity of this type of footwear with customers.  The 
Company has adjusted its styles in order to take advantage of this demand.  
Finally, the Company has devoted more resources to developing a coordinated 
marketing approach for promoting the brands offered in this line.

Branded footwear sales in the Western Boot Division remained down for the 
year.  Sales in this division were lower than the prior year by $5,100,000, a 
24% decrease.  The primary reason for the decrease was a softer market for 
western footwear in 1994 than 1993.  Flat retail sales of western footwear 
during 1994 resulted in retailers overstocking inventories.  As a result, 
orders to replace inventory were delayed as retailers worked to turn their on-
hand inventory.  The Company anticipates good showings at the spring marketing 
shows and increasing market share in 1995.

Sales in private label lines increased $2,000,000, or 17%, during the year.  
Growth in this division came primarily from volume increases to existing 
customers.  Growth in this division reflects the growing popularity of 
work/outdoor styles of footwear, which comprise a significant portion of the 
sales in this division.


Gross Margin
- ------------
The Company's gross margin fell to $13,642,000 in 1994 as compared to 
$15,856,000 in 1993.  As a percentage of sales, 1994's gross margin was 26.7% 
and 1993's gross margin was 28.4%.  In 1994, net sales of branded products, 
which compose the Company's most profitable lines, made up 62.3% of total net 
sales compared to 66.8% in 1993.  The percentage of net sales from private 
label lines, which contribute lower margins than branded lines, grew to 26.1% 
in 1994 from 20.5% in 1993.  Gross margins were also negatively impacted by an 
increase in discounting programs offered to customers, particularly in the 
Western Division, to induce an increase in orders.  Finally, operating 
variances in the manufacturing division were more significant in 1994 than in 
1993 as the Company produced 9% fewer pairs in its plants than in 1993.  
Delays associated with implementation of new processes and improvements at 
both manufacturing facilities resulted in reduced production.  In Asheboro, 
the Company invested in modern equipment to improve the flow of production 
through the plant.  In addition, a more sophisticated cost accounting and 
production system was brought on line in 1994.  Both additions provide a more 
flexible production system which position the Company for growth in the 
future.  At Somerset, a larger production facility was acquired in August, 
1994.  With the purchase of the larger building and new equipment, the Company 
has provided more efficient manufacturing facilities for its Western Division.  
Also, operating variances were unfavorably impacted by rising health insurance 
costs.  Health insurance for manufacturing operations in 1994 was $191,000 
higher than 1993 and significantly higher than amounts budgeted.


Selling and Administrative Expenses
- -----------------------------------
Selling and administrative expenses were $11,040,000 for 1994 as compared to 
$11,226,000 for 1993, a decrease of $186,000 (1.7%).  Expenses incurred in 
1994 were consistent with expenses incurred in 1993 except for the following.  
For the year ended October 29, 1994, advertising expense was $223,000 lower 
than the same period in 1993.  The Company spent heavily during all of 1993 
and part of 1994 to develop and refine its consumer/retailing advertising 
programs.  Many of these programs were in place for the latter part of 1994 
resulting in lower advertising outlays.  Travel and showroom expenses for 1994 
ran $136,000 higher than the comparable period for 1993 as the Company devoted 
more resources towards establishing consumer awareness of its branded products 
in the market by more brand recognition at trade shows and pursuing new retail 
accounts.  Bad debt expense in 1994 was $272,000 lower than 1993.  The change 
from the prior year reflects significant accruals made in 1992 and 1993 in 
response to anticipated losses for several large accounts.  With these 
accruals, adequate reserves were established and maintained in 1994.  Finally, 
insurance costs in 1994 were up $288,000 over the prior year.  Group insurance 
costs made up $170,000 of the increase as claims during the year ran 
significantly higher than claims in 1993.


Interest Expense
- ----------------
Interest expense incurred in 1994 was $1,156,000, or $23,000 more than 
interest expense of $1,133,000 for 1993.  Several factors impacted interest 
expense in 1994 and served to offset one another, resulting in only a nominal 
increase in the expense of 2% for the year.  First, the average outstanding 
balance of the financing agreement with the bank was approximately $2,500,000 
higher in 1994 than 1993.  In addition, the prime rate, to which the interest 
on the financing agreement is tied, increased 1.75% during the second half of 
the fiscal year.  However, in March 1994, the Company renegotiated the 
financing agreement which lowered the interest rate paid one percentage point 
to the bank's prime rate plus .5%.  In addition, in October 1993, the Company 
refinanced its mortgage note payable which initially lowered the interest rate 
on this debt to 6.75% from 10% in 1993.  With the increases in the prime rate, 
the interest rate on the mortgage note payable eventually reached its cap of 
7.75% late in 1994.  Finally, lower average balances on the promissory note 
and capital leases led to lower interest expense for this debt.

The impact of increases in the prime rate by 1.75%, to which the interest rate 
on the finance agreement is tied, did not significantly impact the Company in 
1994.  Renegotiation of the agreement in March 1994, reduced the interest rate 
one percentage point to .5% above the prime rate from 1.5% above prime rate.  
Therefore the net effect for the year was a .75% increase in the rate.  
However, additional increases in the bank's prime rate could lead to 
significantly higher interest expense in 1995.


Depreciation and Amortization
- -----------------------------
Depreciation and amortization rose $66,000 to $610,000 in 1994 from $544,000 
in 1993.  This is the result of the Company continuing to upgrade its 
facilities and equipment to provide more efficient, flexible manufacturing 
facilities.  Capital expenditures made in 1994 were $2,055,000 compared to 
$716,000 in 1993.


Provision for Income Taxes
- --------------------------
The provision for income taxes in 1994 was $336,000 as compared to the 
provision for income taxes in 1993 of $1,160,000, a reduction of $824,000.  
Lower tax expense was the result of lower pretax earnings of $2,243,000 in 
1994.  In addition, the Company changed its method of accounting for income 
taxes in 1994 which impacted its effective income tax rate.

During 1993, Congress enacted the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993.  
The Act adjusted marginal corporate tax rates and changed the deductibility of 
certain expenses among other things.  The changes did not materially impact 
the Company.


Net Income
- ----------
For the year ended October 29, 1994, the Company reported net income of 
$474,000, or .9% of net sales.  For the year ended October 30, 1993, the 
Company had net income of $1,893,000, or 3.4% of net sales.  The decrease of 
$1,419,000 can be attributed to lower sales volume in 1994 compared to 1993, 
particularly in branded western footwear.  Retailers have been slow to turn 
their inventories as the market is soft, and therefore orders to restock 
inventory have not been as strong as the prior year.  Further, a reduction in 
the gross margin percentage as a result of heavier discounting in marketing 
products and unfavorable manufacturing variances incurred as a result of 
introduction of new production equipment and relocation of a manufacturing 
facility, impacted the Company's net income.


LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
- -------------------------------
Historically, the Company has funded substantially all of its working capital 
and capital expenditure requirements through borrowings under its finance 
agreement and other indebtedness.  The Company continues to rely on debt to 
provide working capital for its day-to-day operations.  With its revolving 
finance agreement, the Company finances its accounts receivable and 
inventories, paying interest at a variable rate.  This arrangement provides 
adequate working capital to carry on operations as the availability of funds 
fluctuates with the seasonal needs of the Company.  Generally, the Company's 
working capital needs are highest in the fourth fiscal quarter and lowest in 
the first fiscal quarter.

On August 15, 1995, the Company entered into a new financing agreement with a 
bank which expanded its credit facility and provided additional liquidity for 
daily working capital requirements.  The new agreement provides a $20,000,000 
revolving credit facility which replaces the existing revolving finance 
agreement which had a maximum availability of $15,000,000.  Under the new 
agreement, the amount available to be drawn is determined by a formula based 
on certain percentages of eligible accounts receivable and inventories.  
Advances up to $11,000,000 are available against eligible accounts receivable.  
The Company may also draw advances against eligible inventory amounts.  
Depending on the season of the year, from $6,500,000 to $9,000,0000 may be 
borrowed against the eligible inventory base.  The new agreement computes 
interest at a rate based on the bank's prime rate plus .5% (9.25% at October 
28, 1995) which is consistent with the facility the Company operated under 
during 1993 and 1994.  At October 28, 1995, the Company had outstanding 
advances of $14,012,000 and an additional $1,549,000 available under the 
agreement.  The Company believes that its revolving finance agreement will 
continue to provide the necessary liquidity and working capital to fund its 
current level of operations.

In addition to expanding the revolving credit facility, the new agreement also 
provided a $3,000,000 term loan that was used to repay the existing mortgage 
note payable to a bank which carried a balance of approximately $2,060,000.  
Per the terms of the note, the Company will pay 84 monthly installments of 
principal and interest ranging from $36,000 to $59,000.  The term loan bears 
interest at the bank's prime rate plus .5% whereas the mortgage note payable 
bore interest at prime plus .75%, not to exceed 7.75%.

All advances under the revolving credit facility and the term loan are secured 
by all accounts receivable, inventories, machinery and equipment of the 
Company.  In addition, the bank has a first lien on the Asheboro land and 
facilities.  The Company has granted the bank a security interest in the 
Somerset facility with the approval of the other lenders on the Somerset 
facility.  This security interest is subordinated to the other lenders.

As a condition to providing the financing, the bank requires that the Company 
meet various restrictive covenants.  These covenants included, among other 
things, restrictions on dividend payments, maintenance of certain financial 
ratios, limits on capital expenditures, and minimum net worth and net income 
requirements.

In July 1994, the Company purchased a larger manufacturing facility in 
Somerset, Pennsylvania to replace the existing facility also located in 
Somerset.  As discussed below, the Company had obtained commitments for 
permanent financing on a portion of the purchase cost of the facility.  During 
the period between the closing date of the purchase and the date the permanent 
financing was finalized, the Company temporarily borrowed $696,000 from a bank 
on a short term note to provide the funds for closing.  The Company refinanced 
the note on March 7, 1995 with long-term financing from two sources.  The 
first source of financing was from the Pennsylvania Industrial Development 
Authority ("PIDA"), a program offered by the Department of Commerce of the 
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.  The loan was for $480,000 and bears interest at 
2% annually.  Monthly installments of $3,089, which includes principal and 
interest, will be paid over 15 years.  The second source of financing came 
from a bank note for $240,000.  This loan bears interest at .75% above the 
bank's prime rate (9.25% at October 28, 1995) and will be repaid in monthly 
installments of principal and interest, currently $2,055, for 15 years.

On July 27, 1995, the Company finalized the long-term financing for this 
project with a loan from a program offered by the Department of Commerce of 
the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.  This financing, which was provided under 
the Economic Development Partnership Program, was for $240,000.  This note 
bears interest at 2% annually with monthly payments of principal and interest 
amounting to $1,544 for 15 years.

All notes are secured by the manufacturing facility.  Capitalized in fixed 
assets at October 28, 1995 are land and buildings with a cost of approximately 
$1,052,000 related to the facility.  The remainder of the expenditures made 
for the facility were paid with borrowings under the revolving finance 
agreement.

The level of other capital expenditures in 1995 has been significantly lower 
than in prior two years.  Capital expenditures for 1995 were $43,000 compared 
to $2,055,000 in 1994.  The Company made significant upgrades to its equipment 
and facilities in 1994, while no such outlays have been made in 1995.  The 
Company is focusing on improving operations in 1995, making capital 
expenditures only to maintain current levels of operations  Funding for 
capital expenditures other than the building acquisition has primarily come 
from the available balance on the finance agreement.

Cash flows generated from operations in 1995 was a net outflow of $1,918,000 
compared to a net cash outflow of $1,366,000 in 1994.  The increase in the 
outflow is attributed to the Company's net loss for the year.

In 1994, the Company used long-term debt and advances under the financing 
agreement to fund outlays for capital expenditures.  For 1995, the Company 
significantly reduced capital outlays, instead only making expenditures that 
were necessary to fund the current level of operations.  The Company relied on 
the revolving finance agreement primarily to fund current losses.


NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
- ------------------------
In December 1991, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the "FASB") 
adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 107, DISCLOSURE ABOUT 
FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS, which requires disclosure about the fair 
value of certain financial instruments.

In March 1995, the FASB adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards 
No. 121, ACCOUNTING FOR THE IMPAIRMENT OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS AND FOR LONG-LIVED 
ASSETS TO BE DISPOSED OF, which requires that companies assess potential 
impairments of long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangibles when 
there is evidence that events or changes in circumstances have made recovery 
of an asset's carrying value unlikely, and recognize an impairment loss when 
the sum of expected future net cash flows is less than the carrying amount.

In October 1995, the FASB adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards 
No. 123, ACCOUNTING FOR STOCK BASED COMPENSATION, which provides that 
companies adopt a method of accounting for stock compensation awards based on 
the estimated fair value at the date the awards are granted using an accepted 
pricing model.  The resulting charge to income is recognized over the period 
during which the options or awards vest.  The FASB encourages recognition of 
such expense in the statement of income but does not require it.  If expense 
is not recorded in the financial statements, pro forma disclosures are 
required regarding the effects on net income and earnings per share had 
expense been recognized.

Adoption of FAS No. 107 is required for fiscal 1996.  Adoption of FAS No. 121 
and FAS No. 123 is required for fiscal 1997.  Management is evaluating the 
potential effects on the Company's financial statements of adoption of these 
statements.  While such evaluation is not complete, management currently does 
not expect adoption of the statements will have a material effect on its 
financial condition or results of operations.


<PAGE>
                      B.B. WALKER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY
                                 STOCK PRICES

B.B. Walker company common stock is publicly traded; however, during fiscal 
1992, the Company removed its stock from the National Association of Security 
Dealers Automated Quotation (NASDAQ) System.  Markets in B.B. Walker Company 
common stock are maintained by Scott & Stringfellow of Winston-Salem, NC and 
Interstate Securities of Charlotte, NC.

Approximately 1,229 shareholders own common stock in B.B. Walker Company, some 
shares of which are held by banks, brokers, investment trusts or nominees.  
The largest shareholder is the Employee Stock Ownership Plan and Trust of B.B. 
Walker Company, which holds approximately 25.74% of the total shares issued 
and outstanding.  At the last Annual Meeting of the Shareholders held on March 
20, 1995, 81.74% of the shares outstanding were represented in person or by 
proxy at the meeting.  The Company paid a special cash dividend of $.073 per 
share on January 4, 1994, on its common stock.

On March 24, 1994, the Company completed a three-for-two split of its common 
stock outstanding for shareholders of record as of March 4, 1994.  All 
fractional shares were paid in cash.

The following are the Bid and Ask quotations for the last two fiscal years.  
The amounts are adjusted for a three-for-two stock split paid on March 24, 
1994:

                                       Bid Prices         Ask Prices
                                    High        Low    High        Low
                                    ---------------    ---------------
      1995:
        First Quarter               $ 6         $ 3    $ 7         $ 4
        Second Quarter                4 1/4       3      5 1/4       4
        Third Quarter                 2 3/4       2      3 3/4       3
        Fourth Quarter                2           1      3           2

      1994:
        First Quarter               $ 9         $ 8    $ 9 1/3     $ -
        Second Quarter               10           9     11           9 2/3
        Third Quarter                10           7     11           8
        Fourth Quarter                7           6      8           7


These Over-the-Counter market quotations reflect interdealer prices, without 
retail mark-up, mark-down or commissions and may not necessarily represent 
actual transactions.


<PAGE>
B.B. WALKER COMPANY

OFFICERS
- --------
KENT T. ANDERSON
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

FRENCH P. HUMPHRIES
Executive Vice President

WILLIAM C. MASSIE
Executive Vice President

DOROTHY W. CRAVEN
Secretary

REBECCA S. RICH
Assistant Secretary

DIRECTORS
- ---------
KENT T. ANDERSON
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

ROBERT L. DONNELL, JR.
Retired

JAMES P. McDERMOTT
Retired

EDNA A. WALKER
President of B.B. Walker Foundation

MICHAEL C. MILLER
President
First National Bank and Trust Company

GEORGE M. BALL
Chairman of the Board
Philpott, Ball & Company

TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR
The Company acts as its own Transfer Agent and Registrar, handling all 
securities transfers at its Executive Offices.

INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS
Price Waterhouse LLP
Suite 1800
200 West Second Street
Winston-Salem, NC 27101

FORM NO. 10-K
Each year, B.B. Walker Company files a Form No. 10-K report with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission in Washington, DC which contains more 
detailed information.  If you would like to receive a copy, please send your 
request to Corporate Secretary, B.B. Walker Company, Drawer 1167, Asheboro, 
North Carolina 27204.

NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING
The Annual Meeting of the Company's Shareholders will be held in the executive 
offices of B.B. Walker Company at 414 East Dixie Drive, Highway 64 East, 
Asheboro, North Carolina, at 7:00 p.m. EST on Monday night, March 18, 1996.  A 
formal notice of the meeting, together with a proxy statement and proxy, will 
be mailed prior to the meeting.  Shareholders who cannot attend are urged to 
exercise their right to vote by signing and promptly returning the proxy.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-22
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>SUBSIDIARIES OF REGISTRANT
<TEXT>


                                                                    Exhibit 22
                                                                    ----------
Subsidiaries of the Registrant
- ------------------------------
The Registrant, during fiscal 1995, owned the following percentages of the 
voting securities of the following subsidiaries:

    Name                     Percent          Incorporated            Note
    ----                     -------          ------------            ----

 Bender Shoe Company           100%           Pennsylvania             (1)

 B.B. Walker Company of 
   Virginia, Inc.              100%           Virginia                 (2)



(1)  Operates as a division of B.B. Walker Company, Inc.

(2)  Subsidiary was dissolved in April, 1995.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>4
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 5
<MULTIPLIER> 1,000
       
<S>                                                <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                                      YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                                             OCT-28-1995
<PERIOD-END>                                                  OCT-28-1995
<CASH>                                                                  1
<SECURITIES>                                                            0
<RECEIVABLES>                                                      13,988
<ALLOWANCES>                                                          521
<INVENTORY>                                                        15,828
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                                                   30,898
<PP&E>                                                              8,380
<DEPRECIATION>                                                      5,412
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                                     34,377
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                                              21,533
<BONDS>                                                                 0
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                                   0
<PREFERRED>                                                            83
<COMMON>                                                            1,727
<OTHER-SE>                                                          6,743
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                                       34,377
<SALES>                                                            43,453
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                                                   43,533
<CGS>                                                              32,781
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                                      43,807
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                                        2
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                                      376
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                                                  1,594
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                                   (1,870)
<INCOME-TAX>                                                        (626)
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                                               (1,244)
<DISCONTINUED>                                                          0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                                         0
<CHANGES>                                                               0
<NET-INCOME>                                                      (1,244)
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                                       (.72)
<EPS-DILUTED>                                                       (.72)
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
