-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 tE5JX389+wdgkjLE3mCmcqWxGQbCrl1X1u2qU14mEe2mxhTPUrHu44LXg+65DvTm
 AXoanjSYif90LlFXmKVtuQ==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000350024-95-000001.txt : 19950628<IMS-HEADER>0000350024-95-000001.hdr.sgml : 19950628
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000350024-95-000001
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		1
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19950331
FILED AS OF DATE:		19950627
SROS:			NONE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TRINITY INDUSTRIES LEASING CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000350024
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	DRILLING OIL & GAS WELLS [1381]
		IRS NUMBER:				751640393
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08099
		FILM NUMBER:		95549336

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2705 S STATE ST
		CITY:			CHICAGO HEIGHTS
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			77007
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7087588119
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<TEXT>

                  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                        Washington, D.C. 20549
                                   
   
                               Form 10-K
   
   (Mark One)
  --
 |X |      ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
  --                 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
   
                  For the fiscal year ended March 31, 1995
   
                                  OR
  --
 |  |      TRANSITION  REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
  --                 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                                  
        For the transition period from                          to
                                   
   Commission File Number 1-8099
   
                       Trinity Industries Leasing Company
            ( Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
                                   
         Delaware                                       75-1640393
 (State of Incorporation)                  (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
   
     2000 Gardner Expy.
         Quincy, IL.                                         62306
(Address of principal executive offices)                  (Zip Code)
   
   Registrant's telephone number, including area code  (217) 224-7236
   
        Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act
   
                                               Name of each exchange
          Title of each class                   on which registered   
   
                 N/A                                     N/A
   
   
   
             Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
   
                                     None
           
             
   
     Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports
   required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
   of 1934 during the preceding 12 months and (2) has been subject to such
   filing requirements for the past 90 days.
   
                                   Yes X     No
   
     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to
   Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be
   contained, to the best of registrants knowledge, in definitive proxy or
   information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form
   10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.  --
                                            |X |
                                             --

     The aggregate market value of voting stock held by nonaffiliates of the
   Registrant is none as of March 31, 1995.
   
                                        1,000
                                  
         ( Number of Shares of common stock outstanding as of May 26, 1995)
   
   
   
                                  PART I


Item 1. Business.


   General Development of Business.  Trinity Industries Leasing Company, (the 
"Registrant") was incorporated under the laws of the State of Texas in 1979.  
On April 4, 1988, the Registrant reorganized as a Delaware corporation by 
Registrant's merger into a wholly-owned subsidiary of the same name.


   Narrative Description of Business and Financial Information About Industry 
Segments.  The Registrant is engaged in the business of leasing specialized 
types of railcars, consisting of both tank railcars and hopper railcars, the 
operation of river hopper barges, and the leasing of liquefied petroleum gas 
("LPG") tanks, (the "Equipment").  The revenues and profits from LPG tank 
leases are not significant to the operations of the Registrant and are 
included in the Railcar Leasing segment for reporting purposes.  At March 31, 
1995, the Registrant had under lease 9,066 railcars, including 6,200 tank cars 
and 2,866 hopper cars. Included in railcars under lease are 2,028 railcars 
(1,400 tank cars and 628 hopper cars) that are owned by third parties and 
subleased to the Registrant's customers. Substantially all of the Equipment is 
manufactured by the Registrant's parent company, Trinity Industries, Inc. 
("Trinity").

   In addition to the overall condition of the United States economy, the 
volume of Equipment purchased and leased by the Registrant depends upon a 
number of factors, including the demand for Equipment manufactured by Trinity, 
the cost and availability of funds to finance the purchase of Equipment, 
Trinity's decisions to solicit orders for the purchase or lease of Equipment 
and factors which may affect the decisions of Trinity's customers as to 
whether to purchase or lease Equipment.

   Both the decision by Trinity regarding whether to solicit orders from 
customers for the purchase or lease of Equipment and the customer's decision 
regarding whether to buy or lease the Equipment are influenced by the relative 
abilities of Trinity (on a total enterprise basis) and the customer to realize 
the benefit of accelerated tax depreciation associated with ownership of the 
Equipment.  The decision is also influenced by the relative costs of funds to 
Trinity (on a total enterprise basis) and to the customer to finance the 
purchase of the Equipment and the relative perceptions by Trinity and the 
customer of the residual value of the Equipment at the end of the lease term.

   Other significant factors which may affect the decision of Trinity's 
customers whether to lease or buy Equipment include the willingness of the 
customer to commit its resources to finance the acquisition of the Equipment 
and whether the customer expects that its need for the Equipment will be 
short-term or long-term, which may be affected by the nature of its industry.

   Additional information concerning the Registrant's business and financial 
information about industry segments is contained in this report under Item 7 
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations" on pages 6 through 8 and in the Financial Statements and Notes to 
Financial Statements on pages 9 through 15.

   Types of Leases.  The Registrant uses the operating method to account for 
its leases.  The Registrant records its cost as an investment in the Equipment 
leased.  Depreciation expense is provided for financial reporting purposes on 
the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the Equipment. For 
federal income tax purposes, depreciation expense is provided using 
accelerated methods.

   Operating leases may be either "full service" or "net" leases.  Under full 
service leases, the Registrant is responsible for the maintenance and repair 
of the Equipment, modifications required to meet governmental or industry 
safety or other standards, the costs of insuring the Equipment, and ad valorem 
and other taxes.  Under full service leases, the Registrant bears the risk of 
an uninsured loss of the Equipment.  Under net leases, these matters are the 
responsibility of the lessee.


   Railcar Leasing.  The Registrant's railcars are leased to industrial 
companies in the petroleum, chemical, grain, food processing, fertilizer and 
other industries which supply their own railcars to the railroads.  The 
practice of United States railroads using privately-owned railcars developed 
because many types of commodity shipments were best handled in specialized 
railcars.  The railroads either did not or were not in a position to supply 
these specialized railcars to shippers, and railcar leasing companies have 
come into existence as a result.  Federal laws and regulations provide that it 
is the duty of common carrier railroads to furnish such railcars as may be 
reasonably necessary for the transportation of all commodities they hold 
themselves out as carrying, except that they have no obligation to supply tank 
railcars and no right to exclude tank railcars provided to shippers for 
loading on the railroads' lines.  Railroads also have the exclusive right to 
furnish railcars other than tank railcars.  Use of other privately-owned 
railcars is, therefore, optional with the railroads, and they are not required 
to use them if they are able to furnish railcars of their own.  The approval 
of the railroad on which privately-owned railcars (other than tank railcars) 
are to be used is required before such railcars may be placed in service or 
assigned to handle traffic.  The approval, known as OT-5, is obtained fairly 
easily in periods of railcar shortages, but in periods of oversupply, 
railroads may cancel OT-5 approvals or decline to grant new approvals.

   The number of railcars purchased in each of the last five fiscal years and 
all railcars purchased as a group prior to fiscal 1991 with the remaining 
economic life of the railcars in the lease fleet are detailed below.  The 
remaining economic life for railcars purchased prior to fiscal 1991 is based 
on a weighted average.  Some prior year totals have been adjusted to more 
accurately reflect amounts presented in the fiscal 1995 report.

                                                                     Prior to
          Year of purchase        1995   1994   1993   1992   1991     1991

     Tank Cars                     192    157    623    548    368      2,912
     Remaining economic life        30     29     28     27     26         19

     Hopper Cars                   114    338    376    311    270        829
     Remaining economic life        25     24     23     22     21         12


   The terms of the Registrant's railcar leases predominantly vary from one to 
fifteen years and provide for fixed monthly rentals, with an additional 
mileage charge when usage exceeds a specified maximum. The  average remaining 
lease term for the fleet is approximately 6 years for tank cars and 6 years 
for hopper cars.  Under full service leases, if the Registrant makes a 
modification required by governmental or industry standards, the monthly car 
rental is increased on the basis of a prescribed formula.

   The Registrant has the responsibility for maintaining its railcars in good 
condition and repair in accordance with the interchange rules of the 
Association of American Railroads ("AAR").  The AAR rules governing railroad 
equipment require the railroads to be responsible for the condition of 
railcars traveling on their lines and, accordingly, the railroads are entitled 
to make all repairs on such railcars. The cost of repairs is governed by AAR 
guidelines.  Although most railroads generally have the capability to make 
repairs, they usually prefer to limit their involvement to routine 
maintenance.  If a railroad chooses not to repair a car, the Registrant is 
notified and makes arrangements for one of its facilities or another private 
maintenance facility to perform the necessary repairs.  Written estimates are 
required from all repair facilities prior to the repair being performed.

   Maintenance and repair of new railcars is normally minor in nature and 
cost.  Typical repairs include replacement of brake shoes, repairs of safety 
equipment, testing of air brake equipment and replacement of wheels.  As the 
railcars age, the frequency of repair and maintenance and the associated 
expenses normally increase.  Most maintenance and repair expenses are a result 
of a combination of circumstances, including the number of miles traveled, 
condition of railroad tracks traveled, condition of the roadbed, terrain 
traveled, weight, nature and balance of cargo, train handling (including speed 
and coupling procedures) and loading and unloading methods.  As the railcars 
age, increased maintenance and repair expenses may have an effect on the 
Registrant's results of operations.

   Barge Operations.  Most freight moving on the more than 25,000 miles of 
United States inland waterways is carried in unmanned, non self-propelled 
river barges concentrated in groups or strings and either pushed by tugboat or 
pulled by towboat.  Tank barges and hopper barges are the two principal types 
of barges in use on the inland waterways.  Hopper barges are used to transport 
solid commodities in bulk or packages.

   In February 1995, the Registrant divested its inventory of river hopper 
barges previously held for lease.  The barges were operated under an agreement 
which provided for management of the barges. The barges were generally used 
for movement of commodities on the inland waterway system, primarily the 
Mississippi and Missouri Rivers.  At this time, the Registrant has no 
intentions of entering into future barge leases.  No employee of the 
Registrant or Trinity was affected by this transaction.

   Marketing.  The Registrant generates its railcar leases through employees 
of Trinity who are employed to sell or lease railcars.  Proposals are 
submitted to prospective customers on a basis which permits the customer to 
either purchase or lease the railcars.

   In addition to the railcar marketing personnel, Trinity employs customer 
service, fleet management and accounting personnel on behalf of the Registrant.

   Competition.  The businesses in which the Registrant is engaged are highly 
competitive, and there are a number of well-established companies which 
actively compete with the Registrant in the business of owning and leasing 
railcars.  There are also a number of banks, investment partnerships and other 
financial institutions which compete with the Registrant in railcar leasing.  
The principal competitive factors in leasing railcars include price and other 
terms of the lease, proximity of the manufacturing plant to the customer's 
loading point, quality of equipment, and delivery time.

   Regulations.  The Registrant is not a common carrier and is not subject to 
the comprehensive federal and state regulation of common carriers as to rates 
and other matters.  There are certain areas, however, in which the 
Registrant's operations are or can be affected by governmental regulation and 
by rules adopted as standards by the railroad industry.

   To be eligible for operation on United States railroads, all railroad 
freight railcars must be built to meet construction specifications and 
standards of the AAR.  In addition, all such railcars must meet certain 
federal regulations with respect to safety appliances and features which are 
promulgated and administered by the U.S. Department of Transportation 
("DOT").  The manufacturer is obligated to make sure that its railcars meet 
such requirements.



   Operation of freight railcars in railroad interchange service is subject to 
the AAR Interchange Rules. These rules prescribe mechanical, maintenance and 
related standards and provide a method for placing responsibility for 
maintenance and repair on all railcars operated in interchange between 
railroads. Under its full-service leases, the Registrant is responsible for 
meeting the maintenance and repair standards of the AAR Interchange Rules.

   Operation and maintenance of freight railcars are also subject to federal 
regulation by DOT under the Federal Railroad Safety Act.  DOT may periodically 
require modifications to existing railcars for safety reasons.

   Relationship of the Registrant with Trinity.  The Registrant's business 
consists principally of leasing Equipment purchased from Trinity.  Such 
Equipment is purchased at prices comparable to the prices for Equipment sold 
by Trinity to third parties.  The determination of the price to be paid to 
Trinity is made by the Registrant's officers, all of whom are also officers of 
Trinity.

   Although Trinity is not contractually obligated to offer to the Registrant 
Equipment proposed to be leased by Trinity's customers, it is Trinity's 
intention to effect all such leasing transactions through the Registrant.  
Similarly, while the Registrant is not contractually obligated to purchase 
from Trinity any Equipment proposed to be leased, the Registrant intends to 
purchase and lease all Equipment which Trinity's customers desire to lease 
when the lease rentals and other terms of the proposed lease are satisfactory 
to the Registrant, subject to the availability and cost of funds to finance 
the acquisition of the Equipment.

   Trinity has entered into an agreement (the "Fixed Charges Coverage 
Agreement") with the Registrant whereby Trinity is obligated to make such 
payments to the Registrant as may be required to maintain the Registrant's net 
earnings available for fixed charges (as defined) at an amount equal to not 
less than one and one-half times the fixed charges (as defined) of the 
Registrant.  The Fixed Charges Coverage Agreement will terminate in accordance 
with its terms at such time as the Registrant shall have delivered a 
certificate of its certified public accountants demonstrating that net 
earnings available for fixed charges, without considering any payments by 
Trinity, have been not less than 1.5 times fixed charges in each of the five 
then most recently completed fiscal years; provided that the Registrant and 
Trinity may agree in connection with "Future Financing Agreements" to maintain 
the Fixed Charges Coverage Agreement in force and effect during the term of 
such "Future Financing Agreements." The Fixed Charges Coverage Agreement also 
provides that neither Trinity nor the Registrant will amend, modify or 
terminate or waive the observance of the Fixed Charges Coverage Agreement 
without the prior written consent of the holder of  at least the requisite 
percentage of "Benefitted Holders" under "Future Financing Agreements".  The 
Fixed Charges Coverage Agreement further provides that  the holders of any 
other indebtedness incurred by the Registrant under any agreement designated 
by the Registrant as a "Future Financing Agreement" may be designated, with 
the acceptance of Trinity, "Benefitted Holders".  Any Benefitted Holder may 
enforce the Fixed Charges Coverage Agreement directly against Trinity.  (See 
'Income maintenance fees from Trinity' in Statements of Income and Retained 
Earnings on page 10).

   The holders of the 15.5% Equipment Trust Certificates due September 15, 
1995, the holders of the 12.875% Equipment Trust Certificates due December 31, 
1996, the holders of the 11.55% Equipment Trust Certificates due November 30, 
1997, the holders of the 8.75% Equipment Trust Certificates due March 31, 
1999, the holders of 10.25% Equipment Trust Certificates due January 31, 2000, 
the holders of the 10.2% Equipment Trust Certificates due October 31, 1998, 
the holders of the 9.44% Equipment Trust Certificates due September 3, 2001, 
the holders of the 8.24% Equipment Trust Certificates due June 30, 2002, the 
holders of the 7.65% Equipment Trust Certificates due December 31, 2002, the 
holders of the 6.96% Equipment Trust Certificates due June 24, 2003, the 
Trustee in the Leveraged Lease financing dated as of April 1, 1985, and 
Greyhound Leasing and Financial Corp. and CIT Group/Equipment Financing, Inc. 
(Lessors in single investment leases) and Pitney Bowes Credit Corp. (Lessor in 
two investment leases) have been designated "Benefitted Holders," and the 
requisite percentage of the holders of such Certificates for the 
aforementioned consent is 66 2/3%.

   Under a tax allocation agreement between Trinity and its subsidiaries, a 
consolidated federal income tax return is filed by the group, and it is agreed 
that each subsidiary will pay to Trinity an amount equal to its proportionate 
share of the consolidated federal income tax liability of the group, but not 
in excess of the amount that the subsidiary would pay if it were filing a 
separate federal income tax return. Similarly, if there is a tax benefit by 
virtue of a net operating loss, the entity to which such benefit is 
attributable is entitled to receive from all the other entities payment of an 
amount equal to the tax benefit within 90 days after the end of the applicable 
taxable year.  Additionally, if Trinity is not able to fully recognize the 
benefit of a consolidated net operating loss, each entity contributing to the 
net operating loss will receive its proportionate share of the tax benefit 
recognized by Trinity.

   The Registrant has an arrangement with Trinity whereby it pays Trinity for 
furnishing certain staff functions, including financial and data processing 
services.  In addition, marketing and primary administration are provided by 
employees of Trinity.  Such payments are based on Trinity's cost of providing 
such services, including allocation of overhead.

   Employees.  At March 31, 1995, approximately 25 persons participated in the 
Registrant's operations, all of whom were employees of Trinity.


Item 2.  Properties.

   The Registrant owns no significant physical properties other than the 
Equipment it leases.  All office space and equipment necessary to the 
Registrant's business are provided by Trinity.


Item 3.  Legal Proceedings.

   The Registrant is involved in various claims and lawsuits incidental to its 
business.  In the opinion of management, these claims and suits in the 
aggregate will not have a material adverse effect on the Registrant's 
financial position or results of operations.


Item 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.

   There were no matters submitted to a vote of security holders during the 
fourth quarter of fiscal 1995.




                                  PART II


Item 5.  Market for the Registrant's Common Stock and Related Stockholder
         Matters.

   All of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Registrant 
are owned by Trinity Industries, Inc. and are not traded on any exchange or 
otherwise.  No dividends were declared or paid during the last two fiscal 
years.



Item 6.  Selected Financial Data.
          (in millions)
                                             Year Ended March 31
                                   1995      1994     1993     1992     1991
 Operating results:
  Revenues. . . . . . . . . . . . $156.9    $104.6   $ 79.6   $ 71.5   $ 64.3
  Income maintenance fees
   from Trinity . . . . . . . . . $ -       $  -     $  1.4   $  0.5   $  -
  Net income. . . . . . . . . . . $20.8     $ 19.1   $ 11.7   $ 10.7   $  8.9
 At year-end:
  Total assets. . . . . . . . . . $471.9    $495.1   $490.6   $519.1   $463.4
  Total long-term debt
   and obligation under
   capital lease. . . . . . . . . $205.2    $236.0   $244.0   $291.3   $244.1

Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
         and Results of Operations.

   Financial Condition.  The decrease in "Equipment on Lease" at March 31, 
1995 compared to March 31, 1994 is the result of the sale of all of the 
registrant's barges in February 1995 and the sale of 1,373  railcars 
previously for lease.  The railcars sold were older cars with an average age 
of approximately 14  years.  The increase in 'Note receivable from Trinity' at 
March 31, 1995 compared to March 31, 1994 is due principally to cash, not 
required for normal operations, loaned to Trinity at prevailing market rates.  
The decrease in 'Long-term debt' at March 31, 1995 compared to March 31, 1994 
is due to scheduled principal payments.

   Operations.  The increase in revenues in fiscal 1995 compared to fiscal 
1994 is due principally to the sale of the barges and sale of selected railcar 
types previously for lease.  The increase in revenues in fiscal 1994 compared 
to fiscal 1993 is due principally to equipment additions in the railcar 
segment, coupled with sales of selected railcar types previously for lease. 
The increase was slightly offset by the loss of lease revenues associated with 
the railcar sales, and by an abatement in barge traffic caused by flooding in 
the Midwestern United States during the first and second quarters of fiscal 
1994. Operating profit increased in fiscal 1995 compared to fiscal 1994 due to 
profits recorded on sales of railcars and barges, a decrease in interest 
expense caused by a decrease in the outstanding principal balance, as well as 
increased operating profit of the barge segment caused by a return of barge 
traffic in the Midwestern United States.   Operating profit increased in 
fiscal 1994 compared to fiscal 1993 due principally to a decrease in interest 
expense resulting primarily from the conversion of the Registrant's 6.75 
percent debentures into shares of Trinity's common stock in the fourth quarter 
of fiscal 1993, along with equipment additions in the railcar segment.

   Revenue data on the average number of railcars and barges owned during the 
last five fiscal years is shown below.  Revenues exclude proceeds from the 
sale of railcars and barges, and lease revenues from railcars not owned by the 
Registrant.


                                            Year Ended March 31
                                 1995     1994      1993     1992     1991
Average railcars owned          7,783    8,589     8,064    7,338    6,858
Average revenue per railcar    $6,412   $6,578    $6,164   $6,106   $5,789

Average barges owned              219      219       220      221      222
Average revenue per barge     $92,817  $84,475  $102,272  $94,570  $94,595

  Interest income increased in fiscal 1995 compared to fiscal 1994 due to an 
increase in the prime based lending rate and an increase in the Note 
Receivable from Trinity.  Interest decreased in fiscal 1994 and fiscal 1993 
compared to the preceding years principally due to a reduction in the prime- 
based lending rate.

   Neither the Railcar Leasing segment or the Barge Operations segment 
contributed in a materially disproportionate way to revenues, operating 
profit, or cash flows during fiscal 1995 as compared to prior years.

   The provision for income taxes expressed as a percentage of income
before taxes was 35.0% in fiscal 1995, 35.0% in fiscal 1994, and 34.0%
in fiscal 1993. (See Income Taxes in Notes to Financial Statements).

   Effective April 1, 1993, the registrant adopted Statement of Financial 
Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes."  This statement 
requires a change from the deferred to the liability method of computing 
income taxes.  As permitted by Statement No. 109, the Registrant elected not 
to restate the financial statements of any prior period. The cumulative effect 
of applying the change in accounting method is a decrease in the Registrant's 
deferred tax liability and a nonrecurring credit of $8.1 million.

   Liquidity and Financial Resources.  Liquidity for the leasing business 
differs significantly from that of industrial companies.  Inflows of cash 
including lease and rental revenue, investment income and other income, and 
outflows of cash, including interest, maintenance, insurance and other 
operating expenses are reasonably determinable.  Generally, excluding 
acquisition of Equipment for lease, sufficient funds are generated from 
operations to meet liquidity requirements.  Sources of funds are principally 
from operations, borrowings and when required, quarterly payments from Trinity 
under the Fixed Charges Coverage Agreement.  To the extent that funds 
generated from operations cannot provide adequate funds for investment in new 
assets for lease objectives or the timing of funds cannot be satisfactorily 
matched, external short-term or long-term financing may be required.  
Short-term financing for working capital and to temporarily finance additional 
Equipment purchases is generally available from Trinity or from lines of 
credit from banks.  Capital resources represent those funds available for 
long-term financing and major business commitments of the Registrant.  For a 
leasing company, the capital assets available for lease are the principal 
resource of the business.  For a leasing company to expand and grow, it is 
necessary to purchase additional capital assets.

  The average age of the Registrant's railcar fleet is approximately 7.0 
years.  The average economic life of the fleet is expected to be twenty five 
to thirty years.  As the railcars age, increased maintenance and repair 
expenses may have an effect on the Registrant's results of operations. Capital 
expenditures for fiscal 1995 were $28.7 million.  Capital expenditures 
projected for fiscal 1996 are approximately $35.8 million.  Long-term 
financing needs have been and are expected to be met through the issuance of 
equipment trust certificates, and from time to time, the public offering of 
debt securities.

   The volume of Equipment purchased and leased by the Registrant is affected 
by the ability of the Registrant to obtain long-term external financing at 
satisfactory rates and on satisfactory terms and conditions.  If the 
Registrant is unable to obtain satisfactory long-term financing from third 
parties, it is likely that the only other source of external funds available 
to the Registrant would be borrowings from Trinity.  The Registrant was formed 
in large part to provide a vehicle to obtain financing for the lease of 
Equipment independent of Trinity.  The need for Trinity to finance the 
Registrant's acquisition of Equipment may make it less desirable for Trinity 
to offer its customers the option of leasing rather than purchasing Equipment, 
and it may be expected that Trinity will be willing to provide only a limited 
amount of funds to the Registrant to meet the Registrant's financing 
requirements, except on an interim basis.  The Registrant's results of 
operations in future periods will be affected by the volume of Equipment 
purchased and leased.

   Inflation.  Changes in price levels did not significantly affect the 
Registrant's operation in fiscal 1995, 1994, or 1993.

Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.
                                                          Page
Report of independent auditors . . . . . . . . . . . .      8
Balance sheets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      9
Statements of income and retained earnings . . . . . .     10
Statements of cash flows . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     11
Notes to financial statements. . . . . . . . . . . . .     12
Supplemental information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     15




                      Report of Independent Auditors


Board of Directors
Trinity Industries Leasing Company

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Trinity Industries Leasing 
Company as of March 31, 1995 and 1994, and the related statements of income 
and retained earnings and cash flows for each of the three years in the period 
ended March 31, 1995.  These financial statements are the responsibility of 
the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion on 
these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing 
standards.  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to 
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of 
material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence 
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.  An audit 
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant 
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial 
statement presentation.  We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis 
for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in 
all material respects, the financial position of Trinity Industries Leasing 
Company as of March 31, 1995 and 1994, and the results of its operations and 
its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended March 31, 1995, 
in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.

As more fully discussed in the Notes to Financial Statements, the Company 
changed its method of accounting for income taxes in 1994.



                                                        ERNST & YOUNG LLP

Dallas, Texas
May 10, 1995
                      Trinity Industries Leasing Company
                                Balance Sheets
                     (in millions except share data)

                                                   March 31
                                                1995      1994
Assets

Cash and cash equivalents. . . . . . . . . .   $  0.2    $  0.2

Note receivable from Trinity . . . . . . . .    129.9      90.8

Equipment on lease (predominantly
 long-term), at cost . . . . . . . . . . . .    431.0     536.1

Less accumulated depreciation. . . . . . . .    (95.4)   (139.9)

Other assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      6.2       7.9
                                               $471.9    $495.1



Liabilities and Stockholder's Equity

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities . .   $  8.9    $  3.9

Long-term debt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    205.2     236.0

Deferred federal income tax. . . . . . . . .     78.3      95.8

Other liabilities. . . . . . . . . . . . . .      3.8       4.5
                                                296.2     340.2
Stockholder's equity:
 Common stock $1.00 par; authorized
  10,000 shares; issued 1,000
  shares at March 31, 1995 and
  1994, respectively . . . . . . . . . . . .      -         -

  Additional paid-in capital . . . . . . . .     19.3      19.3
  Retained earnings. . . . . . . . . . . . .    156.4     135.6
                                                175.7     154.9
                                               $471.9    $495.1


See accompanying notes to financial statements.

                     Trinity Industries Leasing Company
                           Statements of Income
                           and Retained Earnings
                               (in millions)

                                          Year Ended March 31
                                           1995   1994   1993

Revenues  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $156.9 $104.6 $ 79.6

Operating costs:
 Cost of revenues . . . . . . . . . . .    112.2   65.6   44.0
 Interest expense . . . . . . . . . . .     21.1   23.7   28.1
                                           133.3   89.3   72.1
Operating profit. . . . . . . . . . . .     23.6   15.3    7.5

Other income:
 Interest income (including $8.1, $5.0,
 and $8.5 from Trinity in 1995, 1994,
 and 1993, respectively). . . . . . . .      8.2    5.0    8.6
 Income maintenance fees from Trinity .      -      -      1.4
 Other, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      0.2    0.6    0.3
                                             8.4    5.6   10.3

Income before income taxes and
 cumulative effect of change in
 accounting for income taxes. . . . . .     32.0   20.9   17.8

Provision (benefit) for income taxes:
 Current. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     28.7    4.0   (1.8)
 Deferred . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    (17.5)   3.3    7.9
 Effect of statutory rate increase. . .      -      2.6    -
                                            11.2    9.9    6.1

Income before cumulative effect of
 change in accounting for income taxes.     20.8   11.0   11.7

Cumulative effect as of April 1, 1993
 of change in accounting
 for income taxes . . . . . . . . . . .      -      8.1    -

Net income  . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     20.8   19.1   11.7

Retained earnings at beginning of year.    135.6  116.5  104.8

Retained earnings at end of year. . . .   $156.4 $135.6 $116.5





See accompanying notes to financial statements.

                    Trinity Industries Leasing Company
                         Statements of Cash Flows
                               (in millions)

                                           Year Ended March 31
                                           1995    1994    1993
Cash flows from operating activities:
 Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $ 20.8  $ 19.1  $ 11.7

  Adjustments to reconcile net income
   to net cash provided by operating
   activities:
    Depreciation and amortization . . .     21.1    21.2    18.1
    Deferred provision (benefit) for
     federal income tax . . . . . . . .    (17.5)    3.3     7.9
     Cumulative effect of change in
     accounting for income taxes. . . .      -      (8.1)    -
    Effect of statutory
     rate increase. . . . . . . . . . .      -       2.6     -
    Gain on sale or retirement
     of equipment . . . . . . . . . . .     (8.1)   (2.3)   (0.3)
    Other (increase) decrease . . . . .      0.1     0.7    (0.1)
    Changes in assets and liabilities:
     (Increase) decrease in other
       assets . . . . . . . . . . . . .      1.7     0.2    (1.4)
     Increase (decrease) in accounts
      payable and accrued liabilities .      5.1    (4.2)    1.2
     Increase (decrease) in other
      liabilities . . . . . . . . . . .     (0.7)   (0.2)    0.3
       Total adjustments. . . . . . . .      1.7    13.2    25.7

    Net cash provided by operating
     activities . . . . . . . . . . . .     22.5    32.3    37.4

Cash flows from investing activities:
 Proceeds from retirement of equipment.     76.1    26.9     3.4
 Capital expenditures . . . . . . . . .    (28.7)  (37.6)  (74.5)

    Net cash provided (required) by
investing activities . . . . . . .          47.4   (10.7)  (71.1)

Cash flows from financing activities:
 Increase in note receivable
  from Trinity. . . . . . . . . . . . .    (39.1)  (13.6)   (3.3)
 Proceeds from issuance of long-term
  debt. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      -      20.0    60.0
 Payments to retire long-term debt. . .    (29.9)  (27.2)  (22.2)
 Decrease in long-term obligation
  under capital lease . . . . . . . . .     (0.9)   (0.8)   (0.7)

    Net cash provided (required)
     by financing activities. . . . . .    (69.9)  (21.6)   33.8

                     Trinity Industries Leasing Company
                          Statement of Cash Flows
                               (in millions)
                                (continued)

                                           Year Ended March 31
                                           1995    1994    1993

Net increase in cash and
 cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . .      -       -       0.1

 Cash and cash equivalents at
 beginning of year. . . . . . . . . . .      0.2     0.2     0.1

Cash and cash equivalents at
 end of year. . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $  0.2  $  0.2  $  0.2

See accompanying notes to financial statements.





                    Trinity Industries Leasing Company
                       Notes to Financial Statements
                        March 31, 1995, 1994, 1993


Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Basis of Presentation
(in millions)

   The Registrant purchases railcars and river hopper barges manufactured by 
Trinity, of which the Registrant is a wholly-owned subsidiary, at market 
prices and leases the equipment to third parties.  In addition, Trinity 
performs certain repairs and maintenance for the Registrant's equipment on 
lease. Costs and expenses include amounts paid or accrued to Trinity for 
repairs and maintenance of $0.9, $1.3, and $1.4,  in fiscal 1995, 1994 and 
1993, respectively.  As described further in Income Taxes and Long-Term Debt, 
the Registrant has transactions with Trinity which are recorded on the bases 
determined by the parties.

   For purposes of the Statement of Cash Flows, the Registrant considers all 
highly liquid debt instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or 
less to be cash equivalents.

   The Registrant enters into predominantly long-term lease contracts with 
third parties wherein the equipment is leased for a specified type of service 
over the term of the contract.  The Registrant accounts for its leases by the 
operating method.  Generally, lease contracts have terms of one to fifteen 
years.  Future minimum rentals on operating leases in each of the following 
five fiscal years are approximately  $56.2 in 1996, $49.0 in 1997, $41.1 in 
1998, $33.9 in 1999, $28.5 in 2000 and $295.2 in the aggregate.

   The Registrant has future lease commitments of approximately $6.7 for 
fiscal 1996 and 1997, $7.4 in fiscal 1998, 1999 and 2000, and $72.2 in the 
aggregate under four operating leases.  The railcars are leased by the 
Registrant to established lessees under normal leasing arrangements.   
Depreciation expense is provided for financial reporting by the straight-line 
method over the estimated useful lives of the assets ranging from twenty-five 
to thirty years.  For federal income tax purposes, depreciation expense is 
provided using accelerated methods.  Ordinary maintenance and repairs are 
charged to expense in the period incurred.


   Under arrangements between the Registrant and Trinity, Trinity provides to 
or receives from the Registrant financing, with interest at market rates. The 
note receivable from Trinity is dated March 1, 1994 and will mature in fiscal 
2001.  The interest rate on the note at March 31, 1995 is currently 8.0 
percent.  The note is not collateralized.


Income Taxes
(in millions)

   The Registrant is included in the consolidated federal income tax return of 
Trinity.  Trinity reimburses or charges the Registrant for current income tax 
benefits or expenses incurred from inclusion of the Registrant in Trinity's 
consolidated federal income tax return.  The provision for income taxes 
reflected in the Statement of Income and Retained Earnings approximates the 
provision as if calculated on a separate return basis.  Deferred taxes are 
provided for timing differences, principally depreciation, between financial 
and tax reporting.

   Effective April 1, 1993, the registrant adopted Statement of Financial 
Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes."  This statement 
requires a change from the deferred to the liability method of computing 
income taxes.  As permitted by Statement No. 109, the Registrant has elected 
not to restate the financial statements of any prior period.  The cumulative 
effect of applying the change in accounting method is a decrease in the 
Registrant's deferred tax liability and a nonrecurring credit of $8.1 million.

   The net deferred tax liability at March 31, 1995 is $78.3 million and is 
comprised primarily of the excess of tax over book depreciation.  All other 
items are not material.




Long-term Debt
(in millions)

                                                                  March 31
                                                               1995      1994
6.96 - 15.5 percent equipment trust certificates to
institutional investors, generally payable in semi-annual
installments of varying amounts through 2003 . . . . . . . .  $193.6    $223.5

11.3 percent notes payable monthly through 2003. . . . . . .    11.6      12.5

                                                              $205.2    $236.0


   The equipment trust agreements contain provisions which, among other 
things, prohibit the Registrant from incurring funded indebtedness, as 
defined, if, after giving effect to the funded indebtedness proposed, the 
total funded indebtedness of the Registrant would then exceed eighty percent 
of the total capitalization, as defined, of the Registrant.  Titles to 
railcars with a cost of $382.4 at March 31, 1995 have been assigned for the 
life of the respective equipment trusts to the trustees of the equipment 
trusts.  Leases relating to such railcars financed by equipment trust 
certificates have been assigned as collateral.

   Trinity is required to pay fees to the Registrant quarterly to maintain net 
earnings, as defined, at specified levels.  Accordingly, $1.4 had been paid to 
the Registrant in fiscal 1993.


   Interest of $21.6, $23.8, and $28.4  was paid by the Registrant in fiscal 
1995, 1994, and 1993, respectively.

  Principal payments due during each of the next five fiscal years are:  1996 
- - $29.5; 1997 - $30.4; 1998 - $26.3; and 1999 - $26.1; and 2000 - $23.9

   The fair value of non-traded, fixed rate outstanding debt, estimated using 
discounted cash flow analysis, approximates its carrying value.

Segment Information

   The Registrant is engaged in the business of (1) leasing specialized types 
of railcars ("Railcar Leasing"); (2) operation of river hopper barges ("Barge 
Operations"); and (3) the leasing of liquefied petroleum gas ("LPG") tanks.  
The revenues and profits from LPG tank leases are not significant to the 
operations of the Registrant and are included in the Railcar Leasing segment 
for reporting purposes. Corporate assets consist primarily of cash and cash 
equivalents and note receivable from Trinity.

	The Barge and Railcar operations each include revenues from one customer which 
accounted for 20.3% and 26.6%  of consolidated revenues in fiscal 1995.

   Financial information for these segments is summarized in the following 
table.  The Registrant operates principally in the continental United States.

Segments of Business             Railcar   Barge    Corporate
(in millions)                    Leasing Operations   Items   Total
Year ended March 31, 1995
Revenues . . . . . . . . . . .   $104.8     52.1        -     156.9
Operating profit . . . . . . .   $ 20.5      3.2        -      23.7
Identifiable assets. . . . . .   $325.5      -        146.4   471.9
Depreciation . . . . . . . . .   $ 18.1      2.1        -      20.2
Additions (net) to equipment .   $ (8.6)   (30.7)       -     (39.3)


Segments of Business             Railcar   Barge    Corporate
(in millions)                    Leasing Operations   Items   Total
Year ended March 31, 1994
Revenues . . . . . . . . . . .   $ 85.9     18.7        -     104.6
Operating profit . . . . . . .   $ 14.6      0.7        -      15.3
Identifiable assets. . . . . .   $352.3     32.8      110.0   495.1
Depreciation . . . . . . . . .   $ 17.7      2.5        -      20.2
Additions (net) to equipment .   $ 12.8      -          -      12.8


Segments of Business             Railcar   Barge    Corporate
(in millions)                    Leasing Operations   Items   Total
Year ended March 31, 1993
Revenues . . . . . . . . . . .   $ 57.1     22.5        -      79.6
Operating profit . . . . . . .   $  5.2      2.3        -       7.5
Identifiable assets. . . . . .   $356.9     35.5       98.2   490.6
Depreciation . . . . . . . . .   $ 14.7      2.5        -      17.2
Additions (net) to equipment .   $ 71.4      -          -      71.4


<PAGE>
                         Supplemental Information

Supplementary Unaudited Quarterly Data
(in millions)

                              First  Second   Third  Fourth
                             Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Year
Year ended March 31, 1995:
 Revenues. . . . . . . . . . $ 19.9    32.1    35.7    69.2 156.9
 Operating profit. . . . . . $  3.2     6.0     8.6     5.9  23.7
 Net income. . . . . . . . . $  3.2     5.0     6.9     5.7  20.8
Year ended March 31, 1994:
 Revenues. . . . . . . . . . $ 20.4    18.6    24.4    41.2 104.6
 Operating profit. . . . . . $  3.1     2.5     5.4     4.3  15.3
 Net income. . . . . . . . . $ 10.9     0.9     4.5     2.8  19.1



Item  9.  Disagreements on Accounting Financial Disclosure.

   No disclosure required.



<PAGE>
                                 PART III


Item 10.  Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant.


   The Registrant has three directors, all of whom are also executive officers 
of the Registrant.  Messrs. W. Ray Wallace and K. W. Lewis became directors at 
the time of the organization of the Registrant.  Mr. F. Dean Phelps, Jr. 
became a director on May 31, 1986.

   The following table sets forth the names and ages of, and the positions and 
offices with the Registrant presently held by, all executive officers of the 
Registrant:


     Name(1)(2)    Age        Office       Principal Occupation

W. Ray Wallace      72     President &     President and Chief
                           Director        Executive Officer of
                                           Trinity since 1958

Richard G. Brown    71     Executive Vice  Senior Vice President
                           President       or Vice President of
                                           Trinity since 1979

K. W. Lewis         56     Senior Vice     Senior Vice President,
                           President and   Vice President,
                           Director        or Controller of
                                           Trinity since 1974

F. Dean Phelps, Jr. 51     Vice President  Vice President
                           and Director    or Controller of
                                           Trinity since 1979

Neil O. Shoop       51     Treasurer       Treasurer
                                           or Assistant Treasurer
                                           of Trinity since 1979

J. J. French, Jr.   64     Secretary       Attorney, Joe French &
                                           Associates (a Professional
                                           Corporation)


(1)   Mr. Wallace is a director of Lomas Financial Corporation, a diversified 
financial services company engaged principally in mortgage banking and real 
estate lending.

(2)  Mr. French, an attorney, is President of Joe French & Associates (a 
Professional Corporation).  For at least five years prior thereto, Mr. French 
was employed by Locke Purnell Rain Harrell (a Professional Corporation).

Item 11.  Executive Compensation.

   All of the officers and directors of the Registrant are employees of 
Trinity except Mr. French, an attorney who is President of Joe French & 
Associates (A Professional Corporation).  The Registrant does not pay 
remuneration and/or provide other benefits to its officers and directors in 
addition to the remuneration and benefits they receive from Trinity.

Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management.

   The Registrant is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Trinity.  No officers or 
directors of the Registrant have beneficial ownership of the common stock nor 
an option or other right to acquire the common stock of the Registrant.

Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions.

   Mr. J. J. French, Jr., Secretary of the Registrant, is President and Owner 
of Joe French & Associates (a Professional Corporation) which is the general 
counsel for the Registrant.



                                  PART IV

Item 14.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports on Form 8-K.

          (a) 1 & 2  Financial statements and financial statement schedules.

                     The financial statements listed in the accompanying
                     index to financial statements are filed as part of this
                     annual report.

               3    Exhibits.

                    The exhibits listed on the accompanying index
                    to exhibits are filed as part of this annual report.

          (b) Reports on Form 8-K

                    No Form 8-K was filed during the fourth
                    quarter of fiscal 1995.

<PAGE>
                    Trinity Industries Leasing Company
                       Index to Financial Statements
                               (Item 14(a))

                                                                       Page

Balance sheets at March 31, 1995 and 1994  . . . . . . . .               9

For each of the three years in the period ended
 March 31, 1995:
 Statements of income and retained earnings  . . . . . . .              10
 Statements of cash flows  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              11
 Notes to financial statements . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              12

Supplemental information:
 Supplementary unaudited quarterly data  . . . . . . . . .              15


    All other schedules are omitted since the required information is not 
present or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the 
schedule or because the information required is included in the financial 
statements and notes thereto.
 
                    Trinity Industries Leasing Company
                            Index to Exhibits
                              (Item 14(a))

 NO.                     DESCRIPTION                   PAGE
(3.1)     Articles of Incorporation of Registrant
     (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1
     to Registration Statement No. 2-70378 filed
     January 29, 1981).                                  *

(3.2)     By-Laws of Registrant (incorporated by
     reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Registration
     Statement No. 2-70378 filed January 29,
     1981).                                              *

(10.1)    Fixed Charges Coverage Agreement dated as
     of January 15, 1980, between Registrant and
     Trinity Industries, Inc. (incorporated by
     reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registration
     Statement No. 2-70378 filed January 29,
     1981).                                              *

(10.2)    Tax Allocation Agreement dated as of
     January 22, 1980 between Registrant and
     Trinity Industries, Inc. (incorporated by
     reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Registration
     Statement No. 2-70378 filed January 29,
     1981).                                              *

(27)      Financial Data Schedules.



                                SIGNATURES


Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report to be signed on 
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Trinity Industries Leasing Company
Registrant

By:  /s/ F. Dean Phelps, Jr.
     F. Dean Phelps, Jr.
     Vice President
     June 26, 1995


Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this 
report has been signed below by the following persons of the Registrant and in 
the capacities and on the dates indicated:


    /s/  W. Ray Wallace
    W. Ray Wallace
    President and Director
    Principal Executive Officer
    June 26, 1995

    /s/ K. W. Lewis
    K. W. Lewis
    Senior Vice President and Director
    Principal Financial Officer
    June 26, 1995

    /s/ F. Dean Phelps, Jr.
    F. Dean Phelps, Jr.
    Vice President and Director
    Principal Accounting Officer
    June 26, 1995


EXHIBIT 27

[TYPE]    EX-27
[DESCRIPTION]  ART. 5 FDS FOR 4TH QUARTER 10K
[ARTICLE] 5
<TABLE>
<S>                             <C>
[PERIOD-TYPE]                   12-MOS
[FISCAL-YEAR-END]                          MAR-31-1995
[PERIOD-END]                               MAR-31-1995
[CASH]                                         200,000
[SECURITIES]                                         0
[RECEIVABLES]                                        0
[ALLOWANCES]                                         0
[INVENTORY]                                          0
[CURRENT-ASSETS]                                     0
[PP&E]                                     431,000,000
[DEPRECIATION]                            (95,400,000)
[TOTAL-ASSETS]                             471,900,000
[CURRENT-LIABILITIES]                                0
[BONDS]                                              0
[COMMON]                                             0
[PREFERRED-MANDATORY]                                0
[PREFERRED]                                          0
[OTHER-SE]                                           0
[TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY]               471,900,000
[SALES]                                              0
[TOTAL-REVENUES]                           156,900,000
[CGS]                                                0
[TOTAL-COSTS]                              112,200,000
[OTHER-EXPENSES]                           (8,400,000)
[LOSS-PROVISION]                                     0
[INTEREST-EXPENSE]                          21,100,000
[INCOME-PRETAX]                             32,000,000
[INCOME-TAX]                                11,200,000
[INCOME-CONTINUING]                         20,800,000
[DISCONTINUED]                                       0
[EXTRAORDINARY]                                      0
[CHANGES]                                            0
[NET-INCOME]                                20,800,000
[EPS-PRIMARY]                                        0
[EPS-DILUTED]                                        0
</TABLE>






</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
