-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 WR60BmIM4umwYp2cMAFE9kj5wvUzAYcU7hyqfaPLJlp7ZHy2r36EZE4OtKTyVOcY
 JkyXidXxYMzn57scPutKDg==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000105839-95-000012.txt : 19950615
<IMS-HEADER>0000105839-95-000012.hdr.sgml : 19950615
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000105839-95-000012
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K405
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		2
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19941231
FILED AS OF DATE:		19950315
SROS:			NYSE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WEST PENN POWER CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000105839
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC SERVICES [4911]
		IRS NUMBER:				135480882
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K405
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-00255
		FILM NUMBER:		95520979

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		800 CABIN HILL DR
		STREET 2:		C/O ALLEGHENY POWER SERVICE CORP
		CITY:			GREENSBURG
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15601
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4128373000
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K405
<SEQUENCE>1
<TEXT>


                            SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                                  Washington, D.C.  20549         
                                          FORM 10-K

                          ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
                         THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (Fee Required)   
  
                           For the fiscal year ended December 31, 1994

                                  Registrant;                    I.R.S. Employer
Commission                    State of Incorporation;            Identification
File Number                Address; and Telephone Number             Number     

  1-267                    ALLEGHENY POWER SYSTEM, INC.             13-5531602
                           (A Maryland Corporation)
                           12 East 49th Street
                           New York, New York  10017
                           Telephone (212) 752-2121

  1-5164                   MONONGAHELA POWER COMPANY                13-5229392
                           (An Ohio Corporation)
                           1310 Fairmont Avenue
                           Fairmont, West Virginia  26554
                           Telephone (304) 366-3000

  1-3376-2                 THE POTOMAC EDISON COMPANY               13-5323955
                           (A Maryland and Virginia
                              Corporation)
                           10435 Downsville Pike
                           Hagerstown, Maryland  21740-1766
                           Telephone (301) 790-3400

  1-255-2                  WEST PENN POWER COMPANY                   13-5480882
                           (A Pennsylvania Corporation)
                           800 Cabin Hill Drive
                           Greensburg, Pennsylvania  15601
                           Telephone (412) 837-3000

  0-14688                  ALLEGHENY GENERATING COMPANY              13-3079675
                           (A Virginia Corporation)
                           12 East 49th Street
                           New York, New York  10017
                           Telephone (212) 752-2121

Indicate by check mark whether the registrants (1) have filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months and
(2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.  Yes  X   No    

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant
to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (Section 229.405 of this chapter) is
not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of
registrants' knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K
or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [X]
<PAGE>

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

                                                         Name of each exchange  
  Registrant              Title of each class             on which registered   

Allegheny Power             Common Stock,               New York Stock Exchange
  System, Inc.             $1.25 par value              Chicago Stock Exchange
                                                        Pacific Stock Exchange
                                                        Amsterdam Stock Exchange

Monongahela Power         Cumulative Preferred
  Company                 Stock,
                          $100 par value:
                          4.40%                          American Stock Exchange
                          4.50%, Series C                American Stock Exchange

The Potomac Edison        Cumulative Preferred
  Company                 Stock,
                          $100 par value:
                          3.60%                Philadelphia Stock Exchange, Inc.
                          $5.88, Series C      Philadelphia Stock Exchange, Inc.

West Penn Power           Cumulative Preferred
  Company                 Stock,
                          $100 par value:
                          4-1/2%                         New York Stock Exchange

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

Allegheny Generating                     Common Stock
  Company                                 $1.00 par value                 None
                                                          

                               Aggregate market value         Number of shares
                            of voting stock (common stock)    of common stock
                               held by nonaffiliates of       of the registrants
                                  the registrants at           outstanding at
                                   February 2, 1995           February 2, 1995  

Allegheny Power System, Inc.       $2,818,296,038                119,292,954
                                                               ($1.25 par value)

Monongahela Power Company            None. (a)                     5,891,000  
                                                                ($50 par value)

The Potomac Edison Company           None. (a)                    22,385,000  
                                                                (no par value)  

West Penn Power Company              None. (a)                    24,361,586 
                                                                (no par value)
                                                                              
Allegheny Generating Company         None. (b)                         1,000 
                                                               ($1.00 par value)
                                                         
(a)   All such common stock is held by Allegheny Power System, Inc., the 
      parent Company.

(b)   All such common stock is held by its parents, Monongahela Power 
      Company, The Potomac Edison Company, and West Penn Power Company.
<PAGE>

                                                     CONTENTS

PART I:                                                                 Page


     ITEM 1.         Business                                             1   
                     Competition                                          3
                     Sales                                                4  
                     Electric Facilities                                  8  
                     System Map                                          11  
                     Research and Development                            13  
                     Construction and Financing                          14 
                     Fuel Supply                                         18 
                     Rate Matters                                        19  
                     Environmental Matters                               22 
                       Air Standards                                    
                       Water Standards                                       
                       Hazardous and Solid Wastes                             
                       Emerging Environmental Issues                          
                     Regulation                                            


     ITEM 2.         Properties                                            


     ITEM 3.         Legal Proceedings                              


     ITEM 4.         Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security             
                       Holders                                               

                     Executive Officers of the Registrants                   

PART II:


     ITEM 5.         Market for the Registrants' Common Equity
                       and Related Stockholder Matters                       

     ITEM 6.         Selected Financial Data                              


     ITEM 7.         Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial      
                       Condition and Results of Operations                    
       
     ITEM 8.         Financial Statements and Supplementary Data          
<PAGE>

                                                 CONTENTS (Cont'd)
                                                                           Page

     ITEM 9.         Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on      
                       Accounting and Financial Disclosure               

PART III:


     ITEM 10.        Directors and Executive Officers of the                  
                       Registrants                                           

     ITEM 11.        Executive Compensation                                   

     ITEM 12.        Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners          
                       and Management                                        

     ITEM 13.        Certain Relationships and Related Transactions          

PART IV:

     ITEM 14.        Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, and             
                       Reports on Form 8-K                                    
<PAGE>

THIS COMBINED FORM 10-K IS SEPARATELY FILED BY ALLEGHENY POWER
SYSTEM, INC., MONONGAHELA POWER COMPANY, THE POTOMAC EDISON
COMPANY, WEST PENN POWER COMPANY, AND ALLEGHENY GENERATING COMPANY. 
INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN RELATING TO ANY INDIVIDUAL REGISTRANT
IS FILED BY SUCH REGISTRANT ON ITS OWN BEHALF.  EACH REGISTRANT
MAKES NO REPRESENTATION AS TO INFORMATION RELATING TO THE OTHER
REGISTRANTS.

                                                      PART I


ITEM 1.    BUSINESS

          Allegheny Power System, Inc. (APS), incorporated in Maryland
in 1925, is an electric utility holding company which owns various
subsidiaries (collectively, the APS System).  APS derives
substantially all of its income from the electric utility
operations of its direct and indirect subsidiaries, Monongahela
Power Company (Monongahela), The Potomac Edison Company (Potomac
Edison), West Penn Power Company (West Penn), and Allegheny
Generating Company (AGC) (collectively, the Subsidiaries).  The
properties of the Subsidiaries are located in Maryland, Ohio,
Pennsylvania, Virginia, and West Virginia, are interconnected, and
are operated as a single integrated electric utility system
(System), which is interconnected with all neighboring utility
systems.  The three electric utility operating Subsidiaries are
Monongahela, Potomac Edison, and West Penn (Operating
Subsidiaries).  APS has no employees.  Its officers are employed by
Allegheny Power Service Corporation (APSC), a wholly-owned
subsidiary of APS.  On December 31, 1994, the APS System had 6,061
employees.

          Monongahela, incorporated in Ohio in 1924, operates in
northern West Virginia and an adjacent portion of Ohio.  It also
owns generating capacity in Pennsylvania.  Monongahela serves about
343,900 customers in a service area of about 11,900 square miles
with a population of about 710,000.  The seven largest communities
served have populations ranging from 10,900 to 33,900.  On
December 31, 1994, Monongahela had 1,982 employees.  Its service
area has navigable waterways and substantial deposits of bituminous
coal, glass sand, natural gas, rock salt, and other natural
resources.  Its service area's principal industries produce coal,
chemicals, iron and steel, fabricated products, wood products, and
glass.  There are two municipal electric distribution systems and
two rural electric cooperative associations in its service area. 
Except for one of the cooperatives, they purchase all of their
power from Monongahela.

          Potomac Edison, incorporated in Maryland in 1923 and in
Virginia in 1974, operates in portions of Maryland, Virginia, and
West Virginia.  It also owns generating capacity in Pennsylvania. 
Potomac Edison serves about 361,400 customers in a service area of
about 7,300 square miles with a population of about 782,000.  The
six largest communities served have populations ranging from 11,900
to 40,100.  On December 31, 1994, Potomac Edison had 1,137
employees.  Its service area is generally rural.  Its service
area's principal industries produce aluminum, cement, fabricated
products, rubber products, sand, stone, and gravel.  There are four
municipal electric distribution systems in its service area, all of
which purchase power from Potomac Edison, and six rural electric
<PAGE>

cooperatives, one of which purchases power from Potomac Edison. 
There are also several large federal government installations
served by Potomac Edison.

          West Penn, incorporated in Pennsylvania in 1916, operates in
southwestern and north and south central Pennsylvania.  It also
owns generating capacity in West Virginia.  West Penn serves about
653,000 customers in a service area of about 9,900 square miles
with a population of about 1,399,000.  The 10 largest communities
served have populations ranging from 11,200 to 38,900.  On
December 31, 1994, West Penn had 2,053 employees.  Its service area
has navigable waterways and substantial deposits of bituminous
coal, limestone, and other natural resources.  Its service area's
principal industries produce steel, coal, fabricated products, and
glass.  There are two municipal electric distribution systems in
its service area, which purchase their power requirements from West
Penn, and five rural electric cooperative associations, located
partly within the area, which purchase virtually all of their power
through a pool supplied by West Penn and other nonaffiliated
utilities.

          AGC, organized in 1981 under the laws of Virginia, is jointly
owned by the Operating Subsidiaries as follows: Monongahela, 27%;
Potomac Edison, 28%; and West Penn, 45%.  AGC has no employees, and
its only asset is a 40% undivided interest in the Bath County
(Virginia) pumped-storage hydroelectric station, which was placed
in commercial operation in December 1985, and its connecting
transmission facilities.  AGC's 840-megawatt (MW) share of capacity
of the station is sold to its three parents.  The remaining 60%
interest in the Bath County Station is owned by Virginia Electric
and Power Company (Virginia Power).

          AYP Capital, Inc. (AYP Capital), incorporated in Delaware in
1994, is an unregulated, wholly-owned nonutility subsidiary of APS. 
AYP Capital was formed in an effort to meet the challenges of the
new competitive environment in the industry.  APS has been
authorized by the Securities and Exchange Commission to purchase
common stock of and make capital contributions to AYP Capital in
the amount of $3 million.  AYP Capital has no employees.  Its
officers are employed by APSC.  APSC is providing certain services
to AYP Capital pursuant to a service agreement.

          The Subsidiaries in the past have experienced and in the
future may experience some of the more significant problems common
to electric utilities in general.  These include increases in
operating and other expenses, difficulties in obtaining adequate
and timely rate relief, restrictions on construction and operation
of facilities due to regulatory requirements and environmental and
health considerations, including the requirements of the Clean Air
Act Amendments of 1990 (CAAA), which among other things, require a
substantial annual reduction in emissions of sulfur dioxides (SO2)
and nitrogen oxides (NOx).

          Additional concerns include proposals to restructure and, to
some extent, deregulate portions of the industry and increase
competition. (See ITEM 1. COMPETITION.)  Further concerns of the
industry include possible restrictions on carbon dioxide emissions,
uncertainties in demand due to economic conditions, energy
<PAGE>
conservation, market competition, weather, and interruptions in
fuel supply because of weather.  (See ITEM 1. CONSTRUCTION AND
FINANCING, RATE MATTERS, and ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS for information
concerning the effect on the Subsidiaries of the CAAA.)

                                                    COMPETITION


          Following the steps of other previously regulated industries
such as airlines, telecommunications and gas, there is a movement
to deregulate or at least allow competition, limited or otherwise,
in the electric utility industry.  The passage of the National
Energy Policy Act of 1992 (EPACT) has permitted an increase in
competition by allowing the formation of Exempt Wholesale
Generators (EWGs), with the approval of the Federal Energy
Regulatory Commission (FERC), and by providing for mandatory access
to the interconnected electric grid for wholesale transactions.  It
further provides for expansion of the grid where constraints are
determined to exist, providing necessary authority to construct
such facilities can be obtained and the requestor's rate for such
transmission service reflects expansion costs.  EPACT permits
utility generation facilities to qualify as EWGs and allows sales
to nonaffiliated and to affiliated utilities provided state
commissions approve such transactions. (See ITEM 1. SALES and
REGULATION for a further discussion of the impact of EPACT.)

          Maryland, Ohio, and Pennsylvania have initiated
investigations concerning competition in the retail electric
utility industry and promoting increased competitive options.  (See
ITEM 1. REGULATION for a further discussion of the states'
initiatives.)

          To meet the challenges of the new competitive environment in
the industry, AYP Capital was formed in 1994.  It is intended that
AYP Capital operate as an innovative and flexible organization,
pursuing and developing new opportunities in unregulated markets
that will strengthen the long-term competitiveness and
profitability of APS.  The business opportunities which are pursued
by AYP Capital will be directly related to the core utility
business of APS. Management may consider establishing or acquiring
its own EWGs or other nonregulated generation facilities, if
feasible, and management continues to evaluate other nonregulated
opportunities to meet the competitive challenge.

          To further meet the challenges of the new competitive
environment in the industry, management has begun to simplify the
structure of the APS System to increase efficient operation.  In
addition, APS, along with the other registered electric public
utility holding companies under the Public Utility Holding Company
Act of 1935 (PUHCA), is advocating repeal of PUHCA which is an
impediment to allowing the APS System to compete on a level playing
field in the new era of competition.  In the alternative,
restructuring of the APS System to reduce or eliminate the effect
of PUHCA is being considered.

          In addition, management continues to explore methods of
marketing and pricing its core product - electric energy and the
transmission thereof - in new and competitive ways, such as bulk
<PAGE>
sales to power marketers, incentive pricing to traditional utility
customers, and repackaging of services in nontraditional ways.  It
is also attempting to reduce costs, particularly capital
expenditures, in order to position the APS System in a more
competitive mode.  The feasibility of maintaining these reduced
levels in the future will depend upon, among other things, (1) the
ability to maintain adequate levels of reliable service, (2) the
avoidance of unexpected major equipment failures and (3) no changes
in the timing or requirements for regulatory compliance measures.


                                                       SALES


          In 1994, consolidated kilowatt-hour (kWh) sales to the
Operating Subsidiaries' retail customers increased  2.8% from those
of 1993 as a result of increases of .9%, 2.2% and 4.4% in
residential, commercial and industrial sales, respectively.  The
increased kWh sales in 1994 reflect both growth in number of
customers and higher use.  Consolidated revenues from residential,
commercial, and industrial sales increased 5.5%, 6.8%, and 8.1%,
respectively, primarily because of rate increases (See ITEM 1. RATE
MATTERS), increases in fuel and energy cost adjustment clause
revenues, and increased kWh sales.  Consolidated kWh sales to and
revenues from nonaffiliated utilities decreased 20.0% and 4.4%,
respectively, due to increased native load, decreased demand, and
price competition.

          The System's all-time peak load of 7,280 MW, which was higher
than the forecast, occurred on February 6, 1995.  The peak load in
1994 and 1993 was 7,153 MW and 6,678 MW, respectively.  The
increased 1994 peak would have been higher except for voluntary
conservation efforts by the Operating Subsidiaries' customers.  The
average System load (yearly net power supply divided by number of
hours in the year) was 4,776 MW and 4,674 MW in 1994 and 1993,
respectively.  More information concerning sales may be found in
the statistical sections and ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.

          Consolidated electric operating revenues for 1994 were
derived as follows: Pennsylvania, 44.5%; West Virginia, 28.0%;
Maryland, 20.5%; Virginia, 5.4%; Ohio, 1.6% (residential, 35.2%;
commercial, 18.8%; industrial, 29.7%; nonaffiliated utilities,
13.5%; and other, 2.8%).  The following percentages of such
revenues were derived from these industries: iron and steel, 6.0%;
chemicals, 3.4%; fabricated products,3.4%; aluminum and other
nonferrous metals, 3.3%; coal mines, 3.2%; cement, 1.9%; and all
other industries, 8.5%.  Revenues from each of 17 industrial
customers exceeded $5 million, including one coal customer of both
Monongahela and West Penn with total revenues exceeding $22
million, three steel customers with revenues exceeding $27 million
each, and one aluminum customer with revenues exceeding $68
million.                                                 
 
          During 1994, Monongahela's kWh sales to retail customers
increased 3.2% as a net result of increases of 1.2% and 6.1% in
commercial and industrial sales, respectively, and a decrease of 
<PAGE>
.6% in residential sales.  Revenues from residential, commercial
and industrial customers increased 3.1%, 4.9% and 7.7%,
respectively, and revenues from kWh sales to affiliated and
nonaffiliated utilities increased 6.8%.  Monongahela's all-time
peak load of 1,694 MW occurred on July 20, 1994. 

          Monongahela's electric operating revenues were derived as
follows: West Virginia, 94.3% and Ohio, 5.7% (residential, 28.1%;
commercial, 17.1%; industrial, 29.7%; nonaffiliated utilities, 
11.7%; and other, 13.4%).  Revenues from each of five industrial
customers exceeded $10 million, including one coal customer with
revenues exceeding $19 million and one steel customer with revenues
exceeding $27 million.

          During 1994, Potomac Edison's kWh sales to retail customers
increased 2.3% as a result of increases of 1.7%, 2.1%, and 2.8% in
residential, commercial, and industrial sales, respectively.
Revenues from such customers increased 7.9%, 9.0%, and 10.9%,
respectively, and revenues from kWh sales to affiliated and
nonaffiliated utilities decreased 1.0%.  Potomac Edison's all-time
peak load of 2,595 MW occurred on January 19, 1994.                

          Potomac Edison's electric operating revenues were derived as
follows: Maryland, 66.6%; Virginia 16.8% and West Virginia, 16.6%;
(residential, 39.0%; commercial, 17.9%; industrial, 25.7%;
nonaffiliated utilities, 14.1%; and other, 3.3%).  Revenues from
one industrial customer, the Eastalco aluminum reduction plant near
Frederick, Maryland, amounted to $68 million (9.0% of total
electric operating revenues).  Minimum annual charges to Eastalco
under an electric service agreement which continues through March
31, 2000, with automatic extensions thereafter unless terminated on
notice by either party, were $19.7 million in 1994.  Said agreement
may be cancelled before the year 2000 upon 90 days notice of a
governmental decision resulting in a material modification of the
agreement.

          During 1994, West Penn's kWh sales to retail customers
increased 2.9% as a result of increases of 1.1%, 2.9% and 4.4% in
residential, commercial, and industrial sales, respectively. 
Revenues from residential, commercial, and industrial customers
increased 5.0%, 6.4%, and 6.7%, respectively, and revenues from kWh
sales to affiliated and nonaffiliated utilities decreased 5.7%. 
West Penn's all-time peak load of 3,179 MW occurred on February 6,
1995.

          West Penn's electric operating revenues were derived as
follows: Pennsylvania, 100% (residential, 33.4%; commercial, 18.4%;
industrial, 29.3%; nonaffiliated utilities, 12.8%; and other,  
6.1%).  Revenues from each of four industrial customers exceeded
$10   million, including two steel customers with revenues
exceeding $32 million each.

          On average, the Operating Subsidiaries are the lowest or
among the lowest cost suppliers of electricity in their respective
states with fixed costs being extremely low and incremental costs
being about average.  Therefore, the Operating Subsidiaries'
delivered power prices should compete favorably with those of
potential alternate suppliers who use cost-based pricing.  However,
<PAGE>
the Operating Subsidiaries face increased competition from
utilities with excess generation that are willing to sell at prices
intended only to cover variable costs.  At the same time, the
Operating Subsidiaries are experiencing cost increases due to
compliance with the CAAA and purchases from Public Utility
Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (PURPA) projects.  (See page 7 for
a discussion of PURPA projects, and ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS for a
description of litigation and regulatory proceedings concerning
PURPA capacity.) 

          In 1994, the Operating Subsidiaries provided approximately
10.5 billion kWh of energy to nonaffiliated utility companies, of
which 1.1 billion kWh were generated by the Subsidiaries and the
rest were transmitted from electric systems located primarily to
the west.  These sales included a long-term transaction under which
the Operating Subsidiaries purchased 450 MW of firm capacity and
its associated energy from Ohio Edison Company for resale to
Potomac Electric Power Company, both nonaffiliated utilities.  The
transaction began in mid-1987 and will continue through 2005,
unless terminated earlier.

          Sales to nonaffiliated utility companies vary with the needs
of those companies for imported power; the availability of System
generating facilities and excess power, fuel, and regional
transmission facilities; and the availability and price of
competitive sources of power.  Sales of system generated power
decreased in 1994 relative to 1993 primarily because of continued
decreased demand, increased Operating Subsidiaries' native load,
and increased willingness of other suppliers to make sales at lower
prices.  Further decreases in sales of system generated power to
nonaffiliated utilities are expected in 1995 and beyond. 
Substantially all of the revenues from kWh sales to nonaffiliated
utilities are passed on to retail customers and as a result have
little effect on net income.

          Pursuant to a peak diversity exchange arrangement with
Virginia Power which is projected to continue through February
2008, the Operating Subsidiaries annually supply Virginia Power
with 200 MW during each June, July, and August and in return
Virginia Power supplies the Operating Subsidiaries with 200 MW
during each December, January, and February, at least through
February 1998.  Thereafter, specific amounts of annual diversity
exchanges beyond those currently established are to be mutually
determined no less than 34 months prior to each year for which an
exchange is to take place.  The total number of megawatt-hours
(MWh) to be delivered by each utility to the other over the term of
the arrangement is expected to be the same.                              

          Pursuant to an exchange arrangement with Duquesne Light
Company (Duquesne) which will continue through February 1996 and
may be extended through 1999 and beyond, the Operating Subsidiaries
supply Duquesne with up to 200 MW for a specified number of weeks,
generally during each March, April, May, September, October, and
November.  In return, Duquesne supplies the Operating Subsidiaries
with up to 100 MW, generally during each December, January, and
February.  The total number of MWh to be delivered by each utility
to the other over the term of the arrangement is expected to be the
same.
<PAGE>
          West Penn supplies power to the Borough of Tarentum
(Tarentum) using in part leased distribution facilities from
Tarentum under a 30 year lease agreement terminating in 1996.  In
June 1993, Tarentum, which in that year had a load of 6.5 MW and
revenues of $1.8 million, notified West Penn of its intention to
exercise its option to end the lease agreement.  The termination of
the lease agreement and resulting transfer and sale of electric
facilities will result in Tarentum becoming a municipal customer
which will purchase electricity on a wholesale basis from West Penn
or another supplier.  The sale of electric facilities will require
Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission (Pennsylvania PUC) approval.

          The Operating Subsidiaries provide wholesale transmission
services under their FERC-approved Standard Transmission Service
tariff.  The tariff provides that such service is subordinate in
priority to native load and reliability requirements of
interconnected systems to avoid adverse effects on regional and
Operating Subsidiaries' reliability.  (See ITEM 1. ELECTRIC
FACILITIES for a discussion of stress on the System's transmission
system.)  Transmission services requiring special arrangements or
long-term commitments have been and continue to be negotiated
through mutually acceptable bilateral agreements.  Substantially
all of the revenues from transmission service sales are passed on
to retail customers and as a result have little effect on net
income.  In addition, the Operating Subsidiaries have pending
before the FERC a Standard Generation Service Rate Schedule tariff
under which the Operating Subsidiaries will make available bundled,
non-firm generation services with associated System transmission
services to any customer who executes an agreement under such
tariff.  Sales subject to refund under the proposed tariff have
been initiated.

          EPACT permits wholesale generators, utility-owned and
otherwise, and wholesale consumers to request from owners of bulk
power transmission facilities a commitment to supply transmission
services.  The FERC recently completed a generic investigation into
the pricing of such requested transmission services.  The FERC has
chosen to maintain existing methods while offering limited
opportunities to implement new methodologies which transmitting
companies may wish to use if they find those methods to be
beneficial.  The potential for FERC's new pricing guidelines to be
beneficial or detrimental to the Operating Subsidiaries cannot be
predicted at this time.  In addition, the FERC is continuing to
develop new policies and procedures to further implement EPACT,
including seeking comments to a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking on
stranded costs and an Inquiry concerning alternative power pooling
arrangements and in a recent case, has expanded the definition of
nondiscriminatory service to require a utility to provide
transmission service comparable to the service it provides itself. 
(See ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS for a discussion of the FERC
proceeding wherein Duquesne has requested firm transmission service
over the System's transmission facilities).

          Under EPACT, consumers of wholesale power including small
electric systems owned by municipalities and rural electric
cooperative associations may purchase power from any available
source and may seek an order from the FERC for transmission service
from any utility.  Small electric wholesale customers in the
<PAGE>
Operating Subsidiaries' service areas which do not have long term
contracts may choose to avail themselves of this option.  The
Operating Subsidiaries will attempt to retain these customers.

          Under PURPA, certain municipalities and private developers
have installed, are installing or are proposing to install
hydroelectric and other generating facilities at various locations
in or near the Operating Subsidiaries' service areas with the
intent of selling some or all of the electric capacity and energy
to the Operating Subsidiaries at rates provided under PURPA and
ordered by appropriate state commissions.  The System's total
generation capacity includes a maximum 299 MW of on-line PURPA
capacity.  Payments for PURPA capacity and energy in 1994 totaled
approximately $134 million at an average cost to the System of
5.8 cents/kWh as compared to System cost of about 3 cents/kWh.  The
Operating Subsidiaries anticipate an additional 260 MW of PURPA
capacity to come on-line in future years, up from 180 MW.  This
increase is due to a litigated PURPA project which had lapsed being
reincluded in the planning process although litigation is ongoing. 
In addition, lapsed purchase agreements totaling 123 MW and other
PURPA complaints totaling 520 MW are the subject of ongoing
litigation and are not included in the System's current planning
strategy.  (See ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS for a description of
litigation and regulatory proceedings in Pennsylvania and West
Virginia.)

                                                ELECTRIC FACILITIES


          The following table shows the System's December 31, 1994
generating capacity, based on the maximum monthly normal seasonal
operating capacity of each unit.  The System-owned capacity totaled
8,070 MW, of which 7,090 MW (88%) are coal-fired, 840 MW (10%) are
pumped-storage, 82 MW (1%) are oil-fired, and 58 MW (1%) are
hydroelectric.  The term "pumped-storage" refers to the Bath County
station which stores energy for use principally during peak load
hours by pumping water from a lower to an upper reservoir, using
the most economic available electricity, generally during off-peak
hours.  During the generating cycle, power is produced by water
falling from the upper to the lower reservoir through turbine
generators.

          The weighted average age of the System-owned coal-fired
stations shown on the following page, based on generating capacity
at December 31, 1994, was about 24.6 years.  In 1994, their average
heat rate was 9,927 Btu's/kWh, and their availability factor was
82.1%, down from 87% in 1993 due, in part, to planned outages for
installation of pollution control equipment for compliance with the
CAAA.
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                               System-Owned Stations
                                            Maximum Generating Capacity
                                                  (Megawatts) (a)     
                                                                                                    Dates When
                                                 Station  Monon-  Potomac   West   Service
Station                             Units         Total         gahela  Edison    Penn   Commenced (b)  

Coal-fired:
        <S>                           <C>         <C>         <C>             <C>           <C>            <C>
        Albright                       3            292         216              76                        1952-4       
        Armstrong                      2            352                                       352          1958-9        
        Fort Martin                    2            831         249             304           278          1967-8
        Harrison                       3          1,920         480             629           811          1972-4
        Hatfield's
           Ferry                       3          1,660         456             332           872          1969-71
        Mitchell                       1            284                                       284          1963
        Pleasants                      2          1,252         313             376           563          1979-80
        Rivesville                     2            142         142                                        1943-51
        R. Paul Smith                  2            114                         114                        1947-58
        Willow Island                  2            243         243                                        1949-60
Oil-Fired:(a)
        Mitchell                       1             82                                        82          1948
Pumped-Storage                          
and Hydro:                                                                                             
        Bath County                    6            840         227(c)           235(c)  378(c)  1985
        Lake Lynn(d)                   4             52                                        52          1926
        Potomac
         Edison(d)                   21               6                           6                        Various
Total System-Owned
Capacity                             54           8,070       2,326           2,072   3,672



                                                        Nonutility Generation
                                                     Maximum Generating Capacity
                                                            (Megawatts)(e)      

                                                                                                         Contract
                                                 Project        Monon-       Potomac         West        Commencement
Project                                            Total        gahela       Edison          Penn        Date        

Coal-fired
  AES Beaver Valley                                 125                                       125          1987
  Grant Town                                         80            80                                      1993
  West Virginia University                           50            50                                      1992

Hydro
  Allegheny Lock and Dam 5                            6                                         6          1988
  Allegheny Lock and Dam 6                            7                                         7          1989
  Hannibal Lock and Dam                              31            31                                      1988

Total
  Nonutility Capacity                               299           161            0            138

Total Maximum System
Generating Capacity (a)                           8,369         2,487        2,072          3,810


(a)  Excludes 207 MW of West Penn oil-fired capacity at Springdale Power 
     Station and 77 MW of the total MW at Mitchell Power Station, which were 
     placed on cold reserve status as of June 1, 1983. Current plans call for 
     the reactivation of these units in about five years.  On December 31, 1994,
     82 MW of the total MW at Mitchell Power Station were reactivated.

(b)  Where more than one year is listed as a commencement date for a 
     particular source, the dates refer to the years in which operations 
     commenced for the different units at that source.

(c)  Capacity entitlement through percentage ownership of AGC.

(d)  The FERC issued a new license with a 30-year term for Lake Lynn on 
     December 27, 1994.  Certain terms of said license are being appealed but
     do not affect its validity.  Potomac Edison's license for hydroelectric
     facilities Dam #4 and Dam #5 will expire in 2003.  Potomac Edison 
     has received 30-year licenses, effective January 1994, for the 
     Shenandoah, Warren, Luray and Newport projects.  The FERC accepted 
     Potomac Edison's surrender of the license for the Harper's Ferry Dam No. 3
     and issued an order effective October 1994.

(e)  Nonutility generating capacity available through contractual arrangements 
     pursuant to PURPA.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
                                                             SYSTEM MAP


     The Allegheny Power System Map (System Map), which has been omitted,
provides a broad illustration of the names and approximate locations of the
System's major generation and transmission facilities, both existing and under
construction, in a five state region which includes portions of Pennsylvania,
Ohio, West Virginia, Maryland and Virginia.  Additionally, Extra High Voltage
substations are displayed.  By use of shading, the System Map also provides a
general representation of the service areas of Monongahela (portions of West
Virginia and Ohio), Potomac Edison (portions of Maryland, Virginia and West
Virginia), and West Penn (portions of Pennsylvania).

     Power Stations shown on the System Map which appear within the Monongahela
service area are Willow Island, Pleasants, Harrison, Rivesville, Albright, and
Fort Martin.  The single Power Station appearing within the Potomac Edison
service area is R. Paul Smith.  The Bath County Power Station appears on the
map just south of the westernmost portion of Potomac Edison's service area
formed by the borders of Virginia and West Virginia.  Power Stations appearing
within the West Penn service area are Armstrong, Mitchell, Hatfield's Ferry,
Springdale and Lake Lynn.    

     The System Map also depicts transmission facilities which are (i) owned
solely by the Operating Subsidiaries; (ii) owned by the Operating Subsidiaries
in conjunction with other utilities; or (iii) owned solely by other utilities. 
The transmission facilities portrayed range in capacity from 138kV to 765kV. 
Additionally, interconnections with other utilities are displayed.

<PAGE>

The following table sets forth the existing miles of tower and pole 
transmission and distribution lines and the number of substations of
the Subsidiaries as of December 31, 1994:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                          Above Ground Transmission and
                      Distribution Lines (a) and Substations       

                                   Portion of Total          Transmission and
                                     Representing              Distribution
                      Total      500-Kilovolt (kV) Lines       Substations(b) 

<S>                   <C>                 <C>                      <C>
Monongahela           19,794              283                      225
Potomac Edison        17,296              202                      203
West Penn             21,723              273                      534
AGC(c)                    85               85                        1
Total System          58,898              843                      963
     
                                
(a)      The System has a total of 5,506 miles of underground distribution 
         lines.

(b)      The substations have an aggregate transformer capacity of 38,344,534 
         kilovoltamperes.

(c)      Total Bath County transmission lines, of which AGC owns an undivided 
         40% interest and Virginia Power owns the remainder.
</TABLE>

       The System has 11 extra-high-voltage (345 kV and above) (EHV)
and 29 lower-voltage interconnections with neighboring utility
systems.  The interregional EHV transmission system, including
System facilities, historically has been negatively affected by
frequent periods of heavy loading, predominantly in a west-to-east
direction.  In 1994, the west-to-east flows decreased from prior
years due to lower interregional power transfers.  However,
increases in customer load, power transfers by the Operating
Subsidiaries and nonaffiliated entities, and parallel flows may
contribute to a possible resumption of the heavy west-to-east power
flows.  If power transfers return to the levels experienced during
the late 1980s and early 1990s, the interregional EHV transmission
facilities may operate at times at their reliability limit and
therefore, despite recently installed reactive power sources,
restrictions on transfers may again become necessary.

           Under certain provisions of EPACT, wholesale generators, and
wholesale customers, may seek from owners of bulk power
transmission facilities a commitment to supply transmission
services. (See discussion under ITEM 1. SALES and REGULATION.) 
Such demand on the System's transmission facilities may add
periodically to heavy power flows on the System's facilities.

       The Operating Subsidiaries have, to date, provided managed
contractual access to the System's transmission facilities via the
provisions of their Standard Transmission Service tariff, or the
terms and conditions of bilateral contracts.
<PAGE>
                                             RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT
   

           The Operating Subsidiaries spent $7.7 million, $4.6 million,
and $2.7 million in 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively, for research
programs.  Of these amounts, $5.9 million, $3.2 million and $0.6
million were for Electric Power Research Institute (EPRI) dues in
1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively.  EPRI is an industry-sponsored
research and development institution.  The Operating Subsidiaries
plan to spend approximately $9.7 million for research in 1995, with
EPRI dues representing $6.2 million of that total.

           Independent research conducted by Operating Subsidiaries
concentrated on environmental protection (CAAA and permit
mandates), generating unit performance, future generating
technologies, delivery systems, and customer-related research. 
Clean power technology focused on power quality and load management
devices and techniques for customer and delivery equipment.

       Two U.S. Department of Energy Clean Coal Technology NOx control
projects, which the Operating Subsidiaries cofounded, have recently
been completed.  Based upon the results of one of the projects,
retrofitting of low NOx cell burners on Hatfield Power Station
units has been undertaken at much lower costs than would otherwise
have been possible.

           Research is also being directed to help address major issues
facing the Operating Subsidiaries including electric and magnetic
field (EMF) assessment, waste disposal, greenhouse gas, client-
server information system prospects, renewable resources, fuel
cells, new combustion turbines and other cogeneration technologies. 
In addition, there is continuing evaluation of technical proposals
from outside sources and monitoring of developments in literature,
law, litigation and standards.

           Electric vehicle (EV) research included participation in the
Ford Ecostar Demonstration Program, EV America and the Electric
Transportation Coalition, as well as the development of appropriate
wiring and building code standards to accommodate electric
vehicles.

           With reference to alleged global climate change, a Memorandum
of Understanding was signed on behalf of all Edison Electric
Institute (EEI) companies by EEI and the Department of Energy (DOE)
which contains Initiatives directed toward voluntary programs to
reduce greenhouse gas emissions.  In early February 1995, an
individual agreement will be entered into on behalf of the
Operating Subsidiaries and the DOE.

           The Operating Subsidiaries, in cooperation with the
Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Resources and the West
Virginia Division of Environmental Protection, are researching the
feasibility and cost-effectiveness of injecting fly ash from the
Operating Subsidiaries' power stations into abandoned underground
<PAGE>
mine sites in Pennsylvania and West Virginia to reduce acid mine
drainage and mine surface subsidence.  The project cost is
anticipated to be shared with EPRI as part of a Tailored
Collaboration Agreement with the Institute.

           The Operating Subsidiaries also made research grants to
regional colleges and universities to encourage the development of
technical resources related to current and future utility problems.

                                            CONSTRUCTION AND FINANCING


           Construction expenditures by the Subsidiaries in 1994
amounted to $508 million and for 1995 and 1996 are expected to
aggregate $341 million and $284 million, respectively.  In 1994,
these expenditures included $153 million for compliance with the
CAAA.  The 1995 and 1996 estimated expenditures include $61 million
and $7 million, respectively, to cover the costs of compliance with
the CAAA.  Allowance for funds used during construction (AFUDC)
(shown below) has been reduced for carrying charges on CAAA
expenditures that are being collected through currently approved
surcharges or in base rates.
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                             Construction Expenditures


                                                               1994           1995             1996
                                                                      Millions of Dollars
                                                             (Actual)     (Estimated)
Monongahela
<S>                                                          <C>            <C>              <C>
Generation                                                   $  55.1        $  28.3          $  34.4
Transmission and Distribution                                   47.7           44.8             34.9     
Other                                                            1.2            1.3              1.2          
   Total*                                                    $ 104.0        $  74.4          $  70.5

Potomac Edison
Generation                                                   $  55.6        $  31.3          $  29.7
Transmission and Distribution                                   81.3           58.4             64.9
Other                                                            5.9            2.6              3.6
  Total*                                                     $ 142.8        $  92.3          $  98.2    

West Penn
Generation                                                   $ 169.6        $ 108.6          $  58.1
Transmission and Distribution                                   74.4           57.7             50.0
Other                                                           16.4            6.1              7.2    
  Total*                                                     $ 260.4        $ 172.4          $ 115.3

AGC
Generation                                                   $   1.0        $   2.1          $    .5
Transmission and Distribution
Other                                                             .1             -                -      
  Total                                                      $   1.1        $   2.1          $    .5     

Total Construction Expenditures                              $ 508.3        $ 341.2          $ 284.5

                  

*    Includes allowance for funds used during construction for 1994, 1995 and 
     1996 of: Monongahela $2.9, $1.4 and $1.1; Potomac Edison $5.9, $2.1 and 
     $1.8; and West Penn $10.8, $4.3 and $1.9.
</TABLE>

           These construction expenditures include major capital projects at
existing generating stations, including the construction of flue-gas
desulfurization equipment (scrubbers) at the Harrison Power Station,
upgrading distribution lines and substations, and the strengthening of
the transmission and subtransmission systems.  The Harrison scrubber
project was completed on schedule and the scrubbers were declared
available for service on November 16, 1994.  The final cost is expected
to be $555 million, which is approximately 24% below the original
budget.  Primary factors that contributed to the reduced cost were: a)
the absence of any major construction problems; b) financing and
material and equipment costs lower than expected; and c) favorable
rulings of state commissions allowing the inclusion of carrying costs
of construction in rates in lieu of AFUDC.

           On a collective basis for the Operating Subsidiaries, total
expenditures for 1994, 1995, and 1996 include $190 million, $101
<PAGE>
million, and $52 million, respectively, for construction of
environmental control technology.  Outages for construction, CAAA
compliance work and other environmental work is and will continue to be
coordinated with planned outages.

           The Operating Subsidiaries continue to study ways to reduce or
meet future increases in customer demand, including aggressive demand-
side management programs, new and efficient electric technologies,
construction of various types and sizes of generating units and
increasing the efficiency and availability of System generating
facilities, reducing company electrical use and transmission and
distribution losses, and where feasible and economical, acquisition of
reliable, long-term capacity from other electric systems and from
nonutility developers.

           The Operating Subsidiaries are implementing demand-side
management activities.  Potomac Edison and West Penn are engaged in
state commission supported or ordered evaluations of demand-side
management programs. (See ITEM 1. REGULATION for a further discussion
of these programs.)  Several jurisdictions have adopted mechanisms
which provide for recovery of the costs of such activities, some return
on the related investment, the associated revenue reductions and a
performance incentive, either on a current basis or through deferral to
a base rate case.

           Current forecasts, which reflect demand-side management efforts
and other considerations and assume normal weather conditions, project
both average annual winter and summer peak load growth rates of 1.59%
in the period 1995-2005.  After considering the reactivation of West
Penn capacity in  cold reserve (see page 10), peak diversity exchange
arrangements described in ITEM 1. SALES above, demand-side management
and conservation programs, and contracted PURPA capacity, it is
anticipated that new System-owned generating capacity will not be
required until the year 2000 or beyond.  If future customer demand
materially exceeds that forecast, anticipated supply-side resources do
not become available, demand-side management efforts do not succeed, or
in the event of extremely adverse weather conditions, the Operating
Subsidiaries may be unable at times to meet all of their customers'
requirements for electric service.

           In connection with their construction and demand-side management
programs, the Operating Subsidiaries must make estimates of the
availability and cost of capital as well as the future demands of their
customers that are necessarily subject to regional, national, and
international developments, changing business conditions, and other
factors.  The construction of facilities and their cost are affected by
laws and regulations, lead times in manufacturing, availability of
labor, materials and supplies, inflation, interest rates, and
licensing, rate, environmental, and other proceedings before regulatory
authorities.  As a result, future plans of the Operating Subsidiaries
are subject to continuing review and substantial change.

           The Subsidiaries have financed their construction programs
through internally generated funds, first mortgage bond, debenture,
<PAGE>
medium-term note and preferred stock issues, pollution control and
solid waste disposal notes, installment loans, long-term lease
arrangements, equity investments by APS (or, in the case of AGC, by the
Operating Subsidiaries), and, where necessary, interim short-term debt. 
Effective January 1994, the Operating Subsidiaries also have available
a $300 million multi-year credit facility.  The future ability of the
Subsidiaries to finance their construction programs by these means
depends on many factors, including creditworthiness, rate levels
sufficient to provide internally generated funds and adequate revenues
to produce a satisfactory return on the common equity portion of the
Subsidiaries' capital structures and to support their issuance of
senior and other securities.  The creditworthiness of the Operating
Subsidiaries in the future may be affected by increased concern of
rating agencies that purchased power contracts are a risk factor
deserving consideration.  APS obtains most of the funds for equity
investments in the Operating Subsidiaries through the issuance and sale
of its common stock publicly and through its Dividend Reinvestment and
Stock Purchase Plan and its Employee Stock Ownership and Savings Plan. 

           In 1994, the Subsidiaries issued $225.3 million of securities
having interest rates between 6.75% and 8.125%.  In May 1994,
Monongahela issued 500,000 shares of cumulative preferred stock (par
value $100 per share) with a dividend rate of $7.73.  In June 1994,
Potomac Edison issued $75 million of 8% first mortgage bonds due 2024. 
In August 1994, West Penn issued $65 million of 8.125% first mortgage
bonds due 2024, and Monongahela, Potomac Edison, and West Penn issued
$8.825 million, $11.560 million, and $14.910 million, respectively, in
solid waste disposal notes to Harrison County, West Virginia.  Harrison
County in turn issued $35.295 million of 6-3/4% tax-exempt 30-year
solid waste disposal revenue bonds.  The Operating Subsidiaries are
using the proceeds from the issuance of their solid waste disposal
notes to finance certain solid waste disposal facilities which comprise
a portion of the scrubbers located at the Harrison Power Station.

           In 1994, APS sold 1,629,372 shares of its common stock for $35
million through its Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan and
its Employee Stock Ownership and Savings Plan.

           In October 1994, West Penn issued and sold to APS 2,000,000
additional shares of common stock at a price of $20 per share.

           During 1994, the rate for West Penn's 400,000 shares of market
auction preferred stock, par value $100 per share, reset approximately
every 90 days at 2.52%, 3.09%, 3.59% and 4.28%.  The rate set at
auction on January 13, 1995, was 4.75%.

           At December 31, 1994, APS had $90.25 million outstanding in
short-term debt, Monongahela had $39.5 million outstanding in short-
term debt and notes payable to affiliates, and AGC had $41.74 million
outstanding in commercial paper, while Potomac Edison and West Penn had
notes receivable from an affiliate of $1.9 million and $1.0 million,
respectively.
<PAGE>
           The Subsidiaries' ratios of earnings to fixed charges for the
year ended December 31, 1994, were as follows:  Monongahela, 3.33;
Potomac Edison, 3.46; West Penn, 3.40; and AGC, 3.50.

           APS and the Subsidiaries' consolidated capitalization ratios as
of December 31, 1994, were: common equity, 45.1%; preferred stock,
7.2%; and long-term debt, 47.7%.  APS and the Subsidiaries' long-term
objective is to maintain the common equity portion above 45%, reduce
the long-term debt portion toward 45%, and maintain the preferred stock
ratio for the balance of the capital structure.

           In January 1994, the Operating Subsidiaries jointly entered into
an aggregate $300 million multi-year credit agreement with eighteen
lenders.  Each Operating Subsidiary's borrowings under the agreement
are limited to its pro rata share of the stock of AGC, which stock was
pledged to secure the credit agreement.  The Operating Subsidiaries'
percentage ownership of AGC and resulting borrowing limitations are:
Monongahela 27%, $81,000,000; Potomac Edison 28%, $84,000,000; and West
Penn 45%, $135,000,000.  The agreement may be used as a supplement to
or in lieu of public financings and short-term debt programs.

           During 1995, the Operating Subsidiaries anticipate meeting their
capital requirements through a combination of internally generated
funds, cash on hand, and short-term borrowing as necessary.  The
Operating Subsidiaries may engage in tax-exempt solid waste disposal
financings during 1995 to the extent funds are available to Harrison
County from the West Virginia cap allocation.  APS plans to sell common
stock through its Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan and
Employee Stock Ownership and Savings Plan.

           The Operating Subsidiaries, if economic and market conditions
make it desirable, may refund during 1995 up to $565 million of first
mortgage bonds, up to $140 million of preferred stock, and up to $78
million of pollution control revenue notes through optional
redemptions.

                                                        FUEL SUPPLY


           System-operated stations burned approximately 15.8 million tons
of coal in 1994.  Of that amount, 69% was either cleaned (7.2 million
tons) or used in stations equipped with scrubbers (3.6 million tons). 
Use of desulfurization equipment and cleaning and blending of coal make
burning local higher-sulfur coal practical, and in 1994 about 97% of
the coal received at System stations came from mines in West Virginia,
Pennsylvania, Maryland, and Ohio.  The Operating Subsidiaries do not
mine or clean any coal.  All raw, clean or washed coal is purchased
from various suppliers as necessary to meet station requirements.

           Long-term arrangements, subject to price change, are in effect
and will provide for approximately 12 million tons of coal in 1995. 
The Operating Subsidiaries will depend on short-term arrangements and
spot purchases for their remaining requirements.  Through the year
1999, the total coal requirements of present System-operated stations
<PAGE>
are expected to be met with coal acquired under existing contracts or
from known suppliers.  The Operating Subsidiaries signed two 10-year
lime supply agreements during 1994 which will provide for the long-term
lime requirements of the System's scrubbers.

           The Operating Subsidiaries renegotiated several long-term coal
contracts with Consolidation Coal Company effective January 1, 1995,
resulting in reduced prices, the benefit of which will, for the most
part, accrue to the Operating Subsidiaries' customers.

           For each of the years 1990 through 1993, the average cost per ton
of coal burned was $35.97, $36.74, $36.31 and $36.19, respectively. 
For the year 1994, the cost per ton decreased to $35.88.

           In addition to using ash in various power plant applications such
as sludge stabilization at Harrison and Mitchell Power Stations, the
Operating Subsidiaries continue their efforts to market fly ash and
bottom ash for beneficial uses and thereby reduce landfill
requirements.  (See ITEM 1. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT.)  In 1994, the
Operating Subsidiaries received approximately $236,000 for the sale of
85,998 tons of fly ash and 64,511 tons of bottom ash for various uses
including cement replacement, mine grouting, oil well grouting, soil
extenders and anti-skid material.

           The Operating Subsidiaries own coal reserves estimated to contain
about 125 million tons of high-sulfur coal recoverable by deep mining. 
There are no present plans to mine these reserves and, in view of
economic conditions now prevailing in the coal market, the Operating
Subsidiaries plan to hold the reserves as a long-term resource. 

                                                       RATE MATTERS


           Rate case decisions in almost all jurisdictions were issued for
the Operating Subsidiaries in 1994.

                                                         West Penn


           On March 31, 1994, West Penn filed an application with the
Pennsylvania PUC for a base rate increase designed to produce $80.1
million in additional annual revenues from its retail customers.  This
request included recovery of the remaining carrying charges on
investment, depreciation, and all operating costs required to comply
with Phase I of the CAAA, and other increasing levels of expense.  West
Penn filed a petition on January 12, 1994 with the Pennsylvania PUC
requesting authorization to accrue post in-service carrying charges on
the Harrison scrubbers and to defer related depreciation and operating
and maintenance expenses until they were recognized in rates.  This
request was approved by the Pennsylvania PUC on May 4, 1994.  By
Pennsylvania PUC order adopted December 15, 1994, an annual increase of
$55.5 million for West Penn's retail customers was authorized to become
effective December 31, 1994.  Included in this amount was an authorized
return on equity (ROE) of 11.5%.
<PAGE>
                                                        Monongahela


           On January 18, 1994, Monongahela filed an application with the
Public Service Commission of West Virginia (West Virginia PSC) for a
base rate increase designed to produce $61.3 million in additional
annual revenues which includes recovery of the remaining carrying
charges on investment, depreciation, and all operating costs required
to comply with Phase I of the CAAA, and other increasing levels of
expense.  The West Virginia PSC, on November 9, 1994 affirmed the
recommended decision of the Administrative Law Judge (ALJ) providing
for a rate increase to be effective November 16, 1994 of $23.5 million
of new money.  This amount was in addition to $6.9 million of CAAA
recovery granted effective July 1, 1994 to be transferred from fuel
clause recovery to base rates.  The $6.9 million was included in
Monongahela's $61.3 million request.  The decision reflects an ROE of
10.85%.  The West Virginia PSC's order stated that it was affirming the
ALJ's recommendation because of time constraints and invited all
parties to file petitions for reconsideration.  All parties have filed
petitions and a decision from the West Virginia PSC is pending.  In the
meantime, Monongahela is collecting the new rates, which are not
subject to refund.  Monongahela cannot predict the outcome of the
request for reconsideration.

           Because of procedural requirements of Ohio law, a rate case in
Ohio in 1994 to request recovery of the cost of the Harrison scrubbers
was not deemed practical.  On January 31, 1995, Monongahela filed an
application with the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio (Ohio PUC) for
a base rate increase designed to produce $7.0 million in additional
annual revenues which includes recovery of carrying charges on
investment, depreciation, and all operating costs required to comply
with Phase I of the CAAA, and other increasing levels of expense.  The
Ohio PUC approved Monongahela's petition of January 11, 1994 requesting
authorization to accrue post in-service carrying charges on the
Harrison scrubbers until its investment in such scrubbers is recognized
in rates.  That order also allows Monongahela to defer depreciation and
operating and maintenance expenses, including property taxes (but not
including fuel costs), with respect to the scrubbers.  This accrual is
included in the rate case filing.  It is expected that the new rates
will become effective in late 1995.

                                                      Potomac Edison


           The Maryland Public Service Commission (Maryland PSC) issued a
final order on September 20, 1994 approving a settlement agreement in
Potomac Edison's base rate case authorizing an annual increase of $19.6
million effective November 11, 1994.  The rate case filed by Potomac
Edison on April 15, 1994 originally requested a $30.9 million increase. 
The authorized $19.6 million increase is in addition to $2.7 million of
demand-side management costs which were included in Potomac Edison's
original request but which were granted as a separate surcharge.  The
rate case increase includes recovery of the remaining carrying charges
<PAGE>
on investment, depreciation, and all operating costs required to comply
with Phase I of the CAAA, and other increasing levels of expense.

           On April 30, 1993 and June 22, 1994, Potomac Edison filed two
rate cases with the Virginia State Corporation Commission (Virginia
SCC) seeking a total increase of $12.5 million.  The Virginia SCC
granted an increase of $4.5 million effective September 28, 1993, based
on the case filed April 30, 1993.  In the case filed June 22, 1994, a
settlement agreement was filed with the Hearing Examiner reflecting an
additional increase of $3 million effective November 20, 1994.  The
settlement agreement has been accepted by the now pending before the 
Virginia SCC.

           On November 9, 1994, the West Virginia PSC affirmed the
recommended decision of the ALJ providing for a rate increase effective
November 11, 1994.  The increase of $1.5 million is in addition to $1.9
million of CAAA recovery granted effective July 1, 1994 which was
included in Potomac Edison's original request for $12.2 million filed
January 14, 1994.  The request included recovery of the appropriate
costs to comply with Phase I of the CAAA as well as other increasing
levels of expense.  The decision reflects an ROE of 10.85%.  The West
Virginia PSC's order stated that it was affirming the ALJ's
recommendation because of time constraints and invited all parties to
file petitions for reconsideration.  All parties have filed petitions
and a decision from the West Virginia PSC is pending.  In the meantime,
Potomac Edison is collecting the new rates, which are not subject to
refund.  Potomac Edison cannot predict the outcome of the request for
reconsideration.

                                                            AGC


           Through February 29, 1992, AGC's ROE was adjusted annually
pursuant to a settlement agreement approved by the FERC.  In December
1991, AGC filed for a continuation of the existing ROE of 11.53% and
other parties filed to reduce the ROE to 10%.  Hearings were completed
in June 1992, and a recommendation was issued by an ALJ on December 21,
1993, for an ROE of 10.83%, which the other parties argued should be
further adjusted to reflect changes in capital market conditions since
the hearings.  Exceptions to this recommendation were filed by all
parties for consideration by the FERC.  On January 28, 1994, the
Consumer Advocate Division of the West Virginia PSC, Maryland People's
Counsel, and Pennsylvania Office of Consumer Advocate filed a joint
complaint with the FERC against AGC claiming that both the existing ROE
of 11.53% and the ROE recommended by the ALJ of 10.83% were unjust and
unreasonable.  This new complaint requested an ROE of 8.53% with rates
subject to refund beginning April 1, 1994.  Hearings were completed in
November 1994 and a recommendation was issued by an ALJ on December 22,
1994 dismissing the Joint Consumer Advocates' complaint.  A settlement
agreement for both cases is currently pending, which would reduce AGC's
ROE to 11.13% for the period from March 1, 1992 through December 31,
1994, and increase AGC's ROE to 11.20% for the period from January 1,
1995 through December 31, 1995.  During 1995, the parties have agreed
<PAGE>
to negotiate in good faith to approve a mechanism for setting ROE in
the future.  This settlement is subject to FERC approval.  If approved,
this settlement will require a refund to customers for the period
through December 31, 1994, of about $4.42 million for which adequate
reserves have been provided.

           Through a filing completed on October 31, 1994, AGC sought to add
a prior tax payment of approximately $12 million to rate base which
will produce about $1.4 million in additional annual revenues.  On
December 30, 1994, the FERC accepted AGC's filing, ordered that the
increase in rates go into effect on June 1, 1995, subject to refund,
and set AGC's ROE for hearing in 1995.  A settlement agreement is
currently pending.  This settlement is subject to FERC approval.

                                                           FERC


           In 1994, West Penn and Monongahela implemented settlement
agreements covering wholesale rates in effect for their municipal, co-
op, and borderline agreement customers subject to the jurisdiction of
the FERC.  Each included recovery of the remaining carrying charges on
investment, depreciation, as well as all operating costs required to
comply with Phase I of the CAAA, and other increasing levels of
expense.  The amounts of the increases were $2.1 million for West Penn
and $300,000 for Monongahela, both effective December 1, 1994.

           On October 14, 1994, as supplemented on November 25, 1994,
Potomac Edison filed a petition for a $3.8 million increase with the
FERC.  The request includes recovery of the remaining carrying charges
on investment, depreciation, and all operating costs required to comply
with Phase I of the CAAA, and other increasing levels of expense.  By
order dated January 18, 1995, the FERC accepted Potomac Edison's filing
and set the matter for hearing.  FERC also granted a request for
summary disposition of one item which reduced Potomac Edison's request
to $3.65 million.  These new rates will go into effect on June 25,
1995, subject to refund.  Potomac Edison cannot predict the outcome of
this proceeding.

                                                 ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS   


           The operations of the Subsidiaries are subject to regulation as
to air and water quality, hazardous and solid waste disposal, and other
environmental matters by various federal, state, and local authorities.

           Meeting known environmental standards is estimated to cost the
Subsidiaries about $217 million in capital expenditures over the next
three years.  Additional legislation or regulatory control
requirements, if enacted, may require modifying, supplementing, or
replacing equipment at existing stations at substantial additional
cost. 
<PAGE> 


                                                       Air Standards


           The Operating Subsidiaries meet applicable standards as to
particulates and opacity at major stations with high-efficiency
electrostatic precipitators, cleaned coal, flue-gas conditioning, and,
at times, reduction of output.  From time to time minor excursions of
opacity normal to fossil fuel operations are experienced and are
accommodated by the regulatory process.  The West Virginia Division of
Environmental Protection (WVDEP), Office of Air Quality (OAQ), issued
Notices of Violation (NOVs) for opacity exceedances for the fourth
quarter of 1993 and first quarter of 1994 at the Albright, Fort Martin,
and Harrison Power Stations.  An NOV was issued by OAQ for visual
opacity exceedances on March 23, 1994 at Pleasants Power Station.  The
Operating Subsidiaries have submitted written responses to OAQ
regarding the opacity exceedances and are awaiting a response.

           Because of the stringent 10% opacity limit in West Virginia which
led to the above-mentioned NOVs, Monongahela and other West Virginia
electric utilities petitioned the OAQ in 1994 to revise the opacity
limit from 10% to 20% in order to be consistent with surrounding states
and the federal New Source Performance Standards (NSPS).  The OAQ on
October 21, 1994 published a proposed revision to Title 45, Regulation
2 to increase the opacity limit to 20%.  The final rule should be
submitted to the state legislature in West Virginia for approval in
1995.

           The Operating Subsidiaries meet current emission standards as to
SO2 by the use of scrubbers, the burning of low-sulfur coal, the
purchase of cleaned coal to lower the sulfur content and the blending
of low-sulfur with higher sulfur coal.

           The CAAA, among other things, require an annual reduction in
total utility emissions within the United States of 10 million tons of
SO2 and two million tons of NOx from 1980 emission levels, to be
completed in two phases, Phase I and Phase II.  Five coal-fired System
plants are affected in Phase I and the remaining plants or units
reactivated in the future will be affected in Phase II.  Installation
of scrubbers at the Harrison Power Station was the strategy undertaken
by the Operating Subsidiaries to meet the required SO2 emission
reductions for Phase I (1995-1999).  Continuing studies will determine
the compliance strategy for Phase II (2000 and beyond).  It is expected
that burner modifications at possibly all System stations will satisfy
the NOx emission reduction requirements for the acid rain (Title IV)
provisions of the CAAA.  Additional post-combustion controls may be
mandated in Maryland and Pennsylvania for ozone nonattainment (Title I)
reasons.  Continuous emission monitoring equipment has been installed
on all Phase I and Phase II units.  Studies to evaluate cost effective
options to comply with Phase II, including those which may be available
from the use of Operating Subsidiaries' banked emission allowances and
from the emission allowance trading market, are continuing.

           In a case brought by the electric utility industry which disputed
the EPA's inclusion of overfire air equipment as well as low NOx burners
<PAGE>
in its definition of "low NOx burner technology," the District of
Columbia Circuit Court of Appeals on November 29, 1994 vacated and
remanded to the EPA the Title IV NOx rule. As a result, the January 1,
1995 Phase I NOx compliance deadline under Title IV is no longer
applicable.  It is uncertain when a revised rule will be issued,
whether the emission limits will be revised, and what the compliance
deadline will be.

           Pursuant to an option in the CAAA and in order to avoid the
potential for more stringent NOx limits in Phase II, the Operating
Subsidiaries chose to treat Phase II Group 1 boilers (tangential and
wall-fired) as Phase I affected units as of January 1, 1995.  This was
accomplished by activation of substitution unit plans for the seven
Phase II Group 1 boilers.  As a result of being Phase I affected, these
units will also be required to comply with the Phase I SO2 limits. 
Phase I NOx and SO2 compliance for these units should not require
additional capital or operating expenditures.

           Title I of the CAAA established an ozone transport region
consisting of the District of Columbia and 11 northeast states
including Maryland and Pennsylvania.  Sources within the region will be
required to reduce NOx emissions, a precursor of ozone, to a level
conducive to attainment of the ozone national ambient air quality
standard (NAAQS).  The installation of reasonably available control
technology (RACT) (overfire air equipment and/or low NOx burners) at all
Pennsylvania and Maryland stations is expected to be completed by May
31, 1995.  This is essentially compatible with Title IV NOx reduction
requirements, prior to their remand.

           The Ozone Transport Commission (OTC) has determined that the
Operating Subsidiaries may be required to make additional NOx reductions
beyond RACT in order for the ozone transport region to meet the ozone
NAAQS.  Under terms of a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU), the
Operating Subsidiaries' power stations located in Maryland and
Pennsylvania will be required to reduce NOx emissions by 55% from the
1990 baseline emissions, with a compliance date of May 1999.  Further
reductions of 75% from the 1990 baseline may be required by May 2003,
unless the results of modeling studies due to be completed by 1998,
indicate otherwise.  Both Maryland and Pennsylvania must promulgate
regulations to implement the terms of the MOU.

           In an effort to introduce market forces into pollution control,
the CAAA created SO2 emission allowances.  An allowance is defined as an
authorization to emit one ton of SO2 into the atmosphere.  Subject to
regulatory limitations, allowances (including bonus and extension
allowances) may be sold or "banked" for future use or sale.  Through an
industry allowance pooling agreement, the Operating Subsidiaries will
receive a total of approximately 554,000 bonus and extension allowances
during Phase I.  These allowances are in addition to the Table A
allowances of approximately 356,000 per year during the Phase I years. 
Ownership of these allowances permits the Operating Subsidiaries to
operate in compliance with Phase I, as well as postpone a decision on
their compliance strategy for Phase II.  As part of their compliance
strategy, the Operating Subsidiaries continue to study the allowance
<PAGE>
market to determine whether sales or purchases of allowances are
appropriate.

           In 1989, the West Virginia Air Pollution Control Commission
approved the construction of a third-party cogeneration facility in the
vicinity of Rivesville, West Virginia.  Emissions impact modeling for
that facility raised concerns about the compliance status of
Monongahela's Rivesville Station with the NAAQS for SO2.  Pursuant to a
consent order, Monongahela agreed to collect on-site meteorological
data and conduct additional dispersion modeling in order to demonstrate
compliance.  The modeling study and a compliance strategy recommending
construction of a new "good engineering practices" (GEP) stack were
submitted to the WVDEP in June 1993.  Costs associated with the GEP
stack are approximately $20 million.  Monongahela is awaiting action by
the WVDEP. 

           Under an EPA-approved consent order with Pennsylvania, West Penn
completed construction of a GEP stack at the Armstrong Power Station in
1982 at a cost of over $13 million with the expectation that EPA's
reclassification of Armstrong County to "attainment status" under NAAQS
for SO2 would follow.  As a result of the 1985 revision of its stack
height rules, EPA refused to reclassify the area to attainment status. 
Subsequently, West Penn filed an appeal with the U.S. Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit for review of that decision as well as a petition
for reconsideration with EPA.  In 1988, the Court dismissed West Penn's
appeal stating it could not decide a case while West Penn's request for
reconsideration before EPA was pending.  West Penn cannot predict the
outcome of this proceeding.

                                                      Water Standards


           Under the National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System
(NPDES), permits for all System-owned stations and disposal sites are
in place.  However, NPDES permit renewals for several West Virginia
disposal sites contain what the Operating Subsidiaries believe are
overly stringent discharge limitations.  The WVDEP has temporarily
stayed the stringent permit limitations while the Operating
Subsidiaries continue to work with WVDEP and EPA in order to
scientifically justify less stringent limits.  Where this is not
possible, installation of wastewater treatment facilities may become
necessary.  The cost of such facilities, if required, cannot be
predicted at this time.

           The EPA and state agencies have implemented stormwater runoff
regulations for controlling discharges from industrial and municipal
sources as well as construction sites.  Stormwater discharges have been
identified and included in NPDES permit renewals, but controls have not
yet been required.  Since the current round of permit renewals began in
1993, monitoring requirements have been imposed, with pollution
reduction plans and additional control of some discharges anticipated.

           The Clean Water Act deadline of October 1, 1994 for compliance
with Phase II of the stormwater program passed without EPA promulgating
<PAGE>
regulations specifying which additional stormwater sources require
NPDES permits.  Affected System-owned facilities could include office
buildings, parking lots, substations and rights-of-way.  In the
interim, the EPA has issued a policy memorandum specifying that its
stormwater compliance enforcement strategy does not apply to Phase II
sources.  The Subsidiaries cannot predict the effect of EPA's
regulations when promulgated.

           Pursuant to the National Groundwater Protection Strategy, West
Virginia adopted a Groundwater Protection Act in 1991.  This law
establishes a statewide antidegradation policy which could require the
Operating Subsidiaries to undertake reconstruction of existing
landfills and surface impoundments as well as groundwater remediation,
and may affect herbicide use for right-of-way maintenance in West
Virginia.  Groundwater protection standards were approved and
implemented in 1993 (based on EPA drinking water criteria) which
established compliance limits.  Pursuant to the groundwater protection
standards variance provision, on October 26, 1994 the Operating
Subsidiaries jointly filed with American Electric Power and Virginia
Power, a Notice of Intent (NOI) to request class or source variances
from the groundwater standards for steam electric operating facilities
in West Virginia.  Additionally, each of the companies filed individual
NOIs.  Technical and socio-economic justification to support the
variance requests are being developed and the costs shared by the
Operating Subsidiaries under a contract with EPRI.  While the
justification for the variance requests is being developed, the
Operating Subsidiaries are protected from any enforcement action. 
Because variance requests must ultimately be approved by the West
Virginia legislature, it is not possible to predict the outcome.

           The Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Resources (PADER)
developed a Groundwater Quality Protection Strategy which established a
goal of nondegradation of groundwater quality.  However, the strategy
recognizes that there are technical and economic limitations to
immediately achieving the goal and further recognizes that some
groundwaters need greater protection than others.  PADER is beginning
to implement the strategy by promulgating changes to the existing rules
that heretofore did not consider the nondegradation goal.  The full
extent of the impact of the strategy on the Operating Subsidiaries
cannot be predicted.

           In 1994, the Operating Subsidiaries received two NOVs from PADER
and one NOV from WVDEP, all of which have been resolved.  A chronic
NPDES compliance problem at the closed Springdale Ash Area was resolved
recently with the negotiation of a compliance agreement with PADER. 
The agreement specified the payment of a penalty for past permit
exceedances, required payment of additional penalties for any future
exceedances and provided for the installation of innovative constructed
wetland treatment technology.  The first stage has been installed and
is operating in compliance with current NPDES permit effluent
limitations.
<PAGE>


                                                Hazardous and Solid Wastes


           Pursuant to the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976
(RCRA) and the Hazardous and Solid Waste Management Amendments of 1984,
EPA regulates the disposal of hazardous and solid waste materials. 
Maryland, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Virginia and West Virginia have also
enacted hazardous and solid waste management regulations that are as
stringent as or more stringent than the corresponding EPA regulations.

           The Operating Subsidiaries are in a continual process of either
permitting new or re-permitting existing disposal capacity to meet
future disposal needs.  All disposal areas are currently operating in
compliance with their permits.

           It is anticipated that additional disposal capacity will be
required for Armstrong Power Station.  A small extension to the
existing permitted disposal site and the permitting of a new site, are
being actively pursued with PADER.  A permit for an extension of the
existing disposal site is anticipated to be granted by the end of 1995
for construction and use in 1996.  Siting of a new disposal area will
be a much longer process. If the Operating Subsidiaries fail to obtain
either disposal permit, it could have an adverse impact on the
operation of the Armstrong Power Station.

           Significant costs were incurred during 1994 for expansion of
existing coal combustion by-product disposal sites due to requirements
for installation of liners on new sites and assessment of groundwater
impacts through routine groundwater monitoring and specific
hydrogeological studies.  Existing sites may not meet the current
regulatory criteria and groundwater remediation may be required at some
of the Operating Subsidiaries' facilities.  The Operating Subsidiaries
continue to work with regulatory agencies to resolve outstanding
issues.  Additional and substantial costs may be incurred by the
Operating Subsidiaries if remediation of existing sites is necessary.

           Potomac Edison received a notice from the Maryland Department of
the Environment (MDE) in 1990 regarding a remediation ordered under
Maryland law at a facility previously owned by Potomac Edison.  The MDE
has identified Potomac Edison as a potentially responsible party under
Maryland law.  Remediation is being implemented by the current owner of
the facility which is located in Frederick.  It is not anticipated that
Potomac Edison's share of remediation costs, if any, will be
substantial.

           On March 4, 1994, the Operating Subsidiaries received notice that
the EPA had identified them as potentially responsible parties under
the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability
Act of 1980, as amended, with respect to the Jack's Creek/Sitkin
Smelting Superfund Site. (See ITEM 3. LITIGATION for a further
discussion of this case.)
<PAGE>
                                               Emerging Environmental Issues


           Title III of the CAAA requires EPA to conduct studies of toxic
air pollutants from electric utility plants to determine if emission
controls are necessary.  EPA's reports are expected to be submitted to
Congress in late 1995.  If air toxic emission controls are recommended
by EPA, final regulations are not likely to be promulgated prior to the
year 2000.  The impact of Title III on the Operating Subsidiaries is
unknown at this time.

           Reauthorization of the Clean Water Act, the Comprehensive
Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 and the
RCRA are currently pending.  When reauthorization does occur, it is
anticipated that EPA will likely continue to regulate coal combustion
by-product wastes and their leachates as nonhazardous.

           Pursuant to RCRA, EPA will begin reviewing the electric utility
industry's disposal practices of pyrites and pyritic material in 1995. 
Concerns over the production of low pH waters from pyrites may cause
reclassification of ash or flue-gas desulfurization sludge disposal
areas containing pyrites to that of special handling waste, or even
possibly hazardous waste.  Any change in classification would result in
substantially increased costs for either retrofitting existing disposal
sites or designing new disposal sites.  A final determination is
scheduled for 1998.

           An additional issue which could impact the Operating Subsidiaries
and which is undergoing intense study, is the health effect, if any, of
electric and magnetic fields.  The financial impact of this issue on
the Operating Subsidiaries, if any, cannot be assessed at this time.

           In connection with President Clinton's Climate Change Action Plan
concerning greenhouse gases, the Operating Subsidiaries expressed by
letter to the Department of Energy (DOE) in August 1993, their
willingness to work with the DOE on implementing voluntary, cost-
effective courses of action that reduce or avoid emission of greenhouse
gases.  Such courses of action must take into account the unique
circumstances of each participating company, such as growth
requirements, fuel mix and other circumstances.  Furthermore, they must
be consistent with the Operating Subsidiaries' integrated resource
planning process and must not have an adverse effect on competitive
position in terms of costs and rates or be unacceptable to their
regulators.  Some 63 other electric utility systems submitted similar
letters.

           On April 27, 1994, the DOE and the Edison Electric Institute, on
behalf of member utilities, signed the Climate Challenge Program
Memorandum of Understanding which establishes the principles DOE and
utilities will operate under to reduce or avoid emission of greenhouse
gases.  A company-specific agreement is to be entered into on behalf of
the Operating Subsidiaries and DOE in early February 1995.
<PAGE>
                                                        REGULATION


           APS and the Subsidiaries are subject to the broad jurisdiction of
the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) under the Public Utility
Holding Company Act of 1935 (PUHCA).  APS is also subject to the
jurisdiction of the Maryland PSC as to certain of its activities.  The
Subsidiaries are regulated as to substantially all of their operations
by regulatory commissions in the states in which they operate and also
by the DOE and the FERC.  In addition, they are subject to numerous
other city, county, state, and federal laws, regulations, and rules.

           In November 1994, the SEC published a release requesting comments
from regulated public utility holding company systems and other
interested parties on modernizing PUHCA by internal changes in rules
and regulations.  Comments are due in early February 1995.  APS, along
with all of the other registered electric public utility holding
companies, is advocating repeal of PUHCA.  However, APS cannot predict
what changes, if any, will be made to PUHCA.

           The National Energy Policy Act of 1992 (EPACT), among other
things, amends PUHCA to permit utilities subject to PUHCA to compete in
the wholesale generation business with other wholesale generators not
subject to PUHCA; to ease restrictions on financing for that purpose;
and to permit investment in foreign utilities.  EPACT also amends the
Federal Power Act to permit the FERC to order, under specified
circumstances, access to transmission systems (including those of the
System) so long as it would not unreasonably impair reliability nor
adversely affect its existing wholesale, retail and transmission
customers.  It also amends PURPA to encourage states to study and
regulate various matters, including the capital structures of EWGs,
integrated resource planning, and the amount of purchased power that
electric utilities should have in their generation mix.  In addition it
sets forth waste disposal standards, new nuclear licensing procedures,
and contains provisions promoting alternate transportation fuels,
research on environmental issues, and increased energy from renewables
(See discussion of EPACT in ITEM 1. BUSINESS, SALES and ELECTRIC
FACILITIES).

           Section 111 of EPACT requires the state utility commissions to
institute proceedings to investigate and determine the feasibility of
adopting proposed federal standards regarding three regulatory policy
issues related to integrated resource planning, rate recovery methods
for investments in demand-side management programs, and rates to
encourage investments in cost-effective energy efficiency improvements
to generation, transmission and distribution facilities.  Maryland,
Pennsylvania, Virginia, and West Virginia initiated investigations to
determine whether to adopt the federal standards, while Ohio summarily
issued a final order without an investigation.  The Operating
Subsidiaries submitted comments in the Maryland, Pennsylvania, and West
Virginia proceedings and will file comments in 1995 in Virginia.  To
date, Maryland, Ohio, and West Virginia have issued final orders.  All
three states declined to adopt the federal standards, concluding that
existing state regulations adequately address the issues.  The outcome
in the remaining jurisdictions cannot be predicted.                            

           The Operating Subsidiaries founded and continue to participate
in, along with other utilities, an organization whose primary purpose
<PAGE>
is to develop a mutually acceptable method of resolving the inequities
imposed on transmission network owners by parallel power flows.  

           In July 1993, the Pennsylvania PUC directed the Bureau of
Conservation, Economics and Energy Planning to develop competitive
bidding regulations to replace, at least in part, the existing state
PURPA regulations.  The Pennsylvania PUC has instituted a proposed
rulemaking regarding competitive bidding regulations.  In collaboration
with other Pennsylvania Electric Association companies, West Penn filed
comments to the proposed competitive bidding rulemaking in October
1994.  The Pennsylvania PUC has not issued a final order in connection
with the proposed competitive bidding rulemaking.  West Penn cannot
predict the outcome of this proceeding.  In November 1993, while
awaiting the new competitive bidding regulations, West Penn filed a
petition with the Pennsylvania PUC requesting an order that, pending
the adoption of new state regulations requiring competitive bidding for
PURPA, any proceedings or orders regarding purchase by West Penn of
capacity from a qualifying facility under PURPA shall be based on
competitive bidding.  On June 3, 1994, the Pennsylvania PUC granted the
West Penn petition.  However, the Pennsylvania PUC reserved judgment on
the applicability of the competitive bidding process to the South River
project and provided that the question would be addressed in the South
River complaint proceeding.  Various aspects of the Pennsylvania PUC's
decision have been appealed to the Pennsylvania Commonwealth Court by
South River, West Penn, and Shannopin.  This proceeding has been stayed
pending the outcome of an appeal in an unrelated case. (See ITEM 3.
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS for a description of the South River complaint, the
Shannopin Project, and events that have taken place in Pennsylvania
Commonwealth Court.)

           On October 8, 1993, the West Virginia PSC issued proposed
regulations concerning bidding procedures for capacity additions for
electric utilities and invited comment by December 7, 1993.  A number
of interested parties, including Monongahela and Potomac Edison, filed
comments.  In May 1994, the West Virginia PSC held hearings on the
proposed regulations.  The West Virginia PSC has yet to issue an
opinion.

           On December 17, 1992, the Ohio PUC issued proposed rules
concerning competitive bidding for supply-side resources, transmission
access for winning bidders and incentives for the recovery of the cost
of purchased power.  The Ohio PUC invited comments by March 3, 1993 and
reply comments by March 24, 1993.  A number of interested parties,
including Monongahela, submitted comments.  The Ohio PUC has taken no
further action following the filing of comments.

           Maryland and Virginia have not mandated compulsory competitive
bidding as of this date.

           On September 20, 1994, the Maryland PSC issued an order which
instituted a proceeding for the purpose of examining regulatory and
competitive issues affecting electric service in Maryland.  On November
1, 1994, the Maryland PSC staff distributed a discussion paper
describing the issues which they believe warrant analysis and comment
by the utilities and interested persons.  Potomac Edison submitted
initial comments in response to the staff paper in January 1995. 
Legislative hearings are currently scheduled for March 1995.
<PAGE>
           The Ohio PUC has initiated informal roundtable discussions "on
issues concerning competition in the electric utility industry and
promoting increased competitive options for Ohio businesses that do not
unduly harm the interests of utility company shareholders or
ratepayers".  These discussions are being undertaken pursuant to an
Ohio Energy Strategy issued in April 1994.  The first two roundtable
discussions, attended by representatives of electric utilities,
including Monongahela, businesses, residential consumers, environmental
groups, and other interested persons or organizations were held on
October 17 and December 8, 1994.  The Ohio PUC will continue to hold
roundtable meetings at approximately six-week intervals.

           The Pennsylvania PUC instituted an investigation into electric
power competition on May 10, 1994, requesting responses from interested
persons on several broad areas of inquiry, such as retail wheeling,
treatment of stranded investments, consumer protection and utility
financial health.  Comments were filed on November 10, 1994 and reply
comments were filed on January 10, 1995.  The Pennsylvania PUC has set
a deadline of May 10, 1995 to conclude the investigation.

           In August 1994, the Pennsylvania PUC instituted a proposed
rulemaking relating to Pennsylvania PUC review of siting and
construction of electric transmission lines.  In an order in connection
with the proposed rulemaking, the Pennsylvania PUC propounded a list of
questions, including questions regarding electric and magnetic fields. 
In December 1994, West Penn filed responses to the questions.  West
Penn cannot predict the outcome of this proposed rulemaking.

           In October 1990, the Pennsylvania PUC ordered Pennsylvania's
major electric utilities, including West Penn, to file programs for
demand-side management designed to reduce customer demand for
electricity and to reduce the need for additional generating capacity. 
The Pennsylvania PUC also instituted a proceeding to formalize
incentive ratemaking treatment for successful demand-side management
activities.  On December 13, 1993 the Pennsylvania PUC entered an order
allowing Pennsylvania utilities to recover the costs of demand-side
management activities, to recover revenues lost as a result of the
activities, and to recover a performance incentive for successful
activities.  A group of industrial customers appealed the order of the
Pennsylvania PUC to the Pennsylvania Commonwealth Court.  On January 9,
1995, the Court held that utilities could recover demand-side
management expenditures, but held that the Pennsylvania PUC had
incorrectly allowed recovery of lost revenues and performance
incentives.  On January 23, 1995, the Pennsylvania PUC requested
reargument of the case before the Commonwealth Court, and that request
is pending.

           During 1994, Potomac Edison continued its participation in the
Collaborative Process for demand-side management in Maryland with the
Maryland PSC Staff, Office of People's Counsel, the Department of
Natural Resources, Maryland Energy Administration, and Potomac Edison's
largest industrial customer.  Potomac Edison had received the Maryland
PSC's approval to implement the Commercial and Industrial Lighting
Rebate Program and the Power Saver/Comfort Home Program for new
residential construction as of July 1, 1993.  Through December 31, 1994
Potomac Edison had approved applications for $16.1 million in rebates
related to the commercial lighting program and $1.2 million in rebates
related to the residential new construction program.  The peak demand
<PAGE>
reductions from these two programs through the end of 1994 should
reduce future generation requirements by about 26.0 and 1.9 MW,
respectively.  Program costs (including rebates) which are being
amortized over a seven-year period, lost revenues, and a performance-
based shared savings incentive (shareholder bonus) are being recovered
through an Energy Conservation Surcharge.

           West Penn implemented a Low Income Payment and Usage Reduction
Program in 1994.  This pilot program will run for two years and will
assist up to 2,000 low income customers.  The program allows a customer
to enter into a payment agreement with West Penn which results in a
reduced monthly payment based on income.  The difference between the
amount of the actual bill and the customer's payment is paid by Federal
Assistance Grants and West Penn.  The program is administered by the
Dollar Energy Fund, a non-profit, charitable organization.

           West Penn also implemented a Customer Assistance and Referral
Evaluation Service Program in 1994 for customers with special needs. 
West Penn representatives work with customers who are experiencing
temporary hardship in an attempt to solve their problems and maximize
their ability to pay their bills.  West Penn representatives utilize a
variety of internal and external resources to address the needs of such
customers.

ITEM 2.    PROPERTIES

           Substantially all of the properties of the Operating Subsidiaries
are held subject to the lien securing each Operating Subsidiary's first
mortgage bonds and, in many cases, subject to certain reservations,
minor encumbrances, and title defects which do not materially interfere
with their use.  Some properties are also subject to a second lien
securing certain solid waste disposal and pollution control notes.  The
indenture under which AGC's unsecured debentures and medium-term notes
are issued, prohibits AGC, with certain limited exceptions, from
incurring or permitting liens to exist on any of its properties or
assets unless the debentures and medium-term notes are
contemporaneously secured equally and ratably with all other
indebtedness secured by such lien.  Transmission and distribution
lines, in substantial part, some substations and switching stations,
and some ancillary facilities at power stations are on lands of others,
in some cases by sufferance, but in most instances pursuant to leases,
easements, permits or other arrangements, many of which have not been
recorded and some of which are not evidenced by formal grants.  In some
cases no examination of titles has been made as to lands on which
transmission and distribution lines and substations are located.  Each
of the Operating Subsidiaries possesses the power of eminent domain
with respect to its public utility operations.  (See also ITEM 1.
BUSINESS and SYSTEM MAP.)


ITEM 3.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

           On September 16, 1994, Duquesne initiated a proceeding before the
FERC by filing a request for an order requiring the System to provide
300 MW of transmission service at parity with native load customers
from interconnection points within the System to the System's points of
interconnection with the Pennsylvania-New Jersey-Maryland
Interconnection (PJM).  Duquesne is seeking to transmit primarily its
<PAGE>
own baseload generation for sales within and beyond the PJM system. 
The Operating Subsidiaries responded on October 24, 1994 requesting
that the FERC order the parties back to negotiations to resolve,
through a bilateral contract, outstanding issues concerning the
transmission services.  The FERC has yet to issue an order in this
proceeding.

           In 1979, National Steel Corporation (National Steel) filed suit
against certain Subsidiaries in the Circuit Court of Hancock County,
West Virginia, alleging damages of approximately $7.9 million as a
result of an order issued by the West Virginia PSC requiring
curtailment of National Steel's use of electric power during the United
Mine Workers' strike of 1977-8.  A jury verdict in favor of the
Subsidiaries was rendered in June 1991.  National Steel has filed a
motion for a new trial, which is still pending before the Circuit Court
of Hancock County.  The Subsidiaries believe the motion is without
merit; however, they cannot predict the outcome of this case.

           In 1987, West Penn entered into separate agreements with
developers of three PURPA projects:  Milesburg (43 MW), Burgettstown 
(80 MW), and Shannopin (80 MW).  The agreements provided for the
purchase of each project's power over 30 years or more at rates
generally approximating West Penn's avoided cost at the time the
agreements were negotiated.  Each agreement was subject to prior
Pennsylvania PUC approval.  In 1987 and 1988, West Penn filed a
separate petition with the Pennsylvania PUC for approval of each
agreement.  Since that time, all three agreements have been, in varying
degrees, the subject of complex and continuing regulatory and judicial
proceedings.  On various dates in 1994, West Penn and its two largest
industrial customers, ARMCO and Allegheny Ludlum, filed joint petitions
with the U.S. Supreme Court for writs of certiorari (Cert) in the
Milesburg, Burgettstown, and Shannopin cases.  On October 11, 1994, the
U.S. Supreme Court denied these requests for appeal.

           After denial of Cert, the Pennsylvania PUC acted upon a pending
petition of Shannopin and on December 1, 1994 refused to answer
termination issues regarding Shannopin and ordered that the project be
paid capacity costs. West Penn and its two largest industrial customers
have appealed this order to the Pennsylvania Commonwealth Court.  West
Penn cannot predict the outcome of this proceeding.

           There has been no further action on the Milesburg case since the
denial of Cert.  West Penn cannot predict the outcome of this matter.  

           As a result of the denial of Cert by the U.S. Supreme Court, the
Pennsylvania PUC orders that recalculated rates and adjusted milestone
dates for Burgettstown became final and non-appealable as of November
8, 1994.

           In November 1994, West Penn filed a complaint with the
Pennsylvania PUC regarding Burgettstown, Shannopin, and Milesburg,
requesting the Pennsylvania PUC to cancel its orders regarding these
projects because they are no longer in the public interest.  On
December 16, 1994, the Pennsylvania PUC dismissed the complaint.  West
Penn has appealed the order to the Pennsylvania Commonwealth Court. 
West Penn cannot predict the outcome of this proceeding.
<PAGE>
           In November 1994, Burgettstown filed a complaint against West
Penn in the Court of Common Pleas of Washington County, Pennsylvania. 
The complaint requests equitable relief in the form of specific
performance, declaratory and injunctive relief, and also seeks monetary
damages for breach of contract and for tortious interference with
Burgettstown's contractual relations with others.  The Court has set
April 3, 1995 as the trial date for the specific performance remedy
only.  West Penn cannot predict the outcome of this proceeding.

           On March 19, 1995, West Penn filed a petition for issuance of a
declaratory order with FERC (Petition).  This Petition seeks a
declaration that the orders of the Pennsylvania PUC requiring West Penn
to purchase capacity from Burgettstown violate PURPA and FERC's PURPA
regulations and thus West Penn has no obligation to purchase capacity
from Burgettstown.  West Penn cannot predict the outcome of this
proceeding.    

           In October 1993, South River Power Partners, L.P. (South River)
filed a complaint against West Penn with the Pennsylvania PUC.  The
complaint seeks to require West Penn to purchase 240 MW from a proposed
coal-fired PURPA project to be built in Fayette County, Pennsylvania. 
West Penn is opposing this complaint as the power is not needed and the
price proposed by South River is in excess of avoided cost.  The
Pennsylvania Consumer Advocate, the Small Business Advocate, the
Pennsylvania PUC Trial Staff and various industrial customers
intervened in opposition to the complaint.  In August 1994, the
Pennsylvania PUC granted West Penn's request to stay proceedings
pending resolution of issues in a related matter concerning competitive
bidding currently on appeal to the Pennsylvania Commonwealth Court. 
(See ITEM 1. REGULATION for a discussion of West Penn's competitive
bidding petition.)  West Penn cannot predict the outcome of this
proceeding.

           Two previously reported complaints had been filed with the West
Virginia PSC by developers of cogeneration projects pursuant to PURPA
in Marshall and Barbour Counties, West Virginia, seeking to require
Monongahela and Potomac Edison to purchase capacity from the projects. 
These two cases were consolidated.  The West Virginia PSC on March 5,
1993 found that: Monongahela had no need for additional capacity;
Potomac Edison will need new combustion turbine generating capacity
beginning in 1996; and Potomac Edison's avoided cost estimate, which is
substantially below the costs sought by the developers of the projects,
is reasonable.  The developers subsequently asked the West Virginia PSC
to consider issues which were not resolved in the March 5, 1993 order. 
On June 25, 1993 the West Virginia PSC found that Potomac Edison had a
PURPA obligation to purchase power from qualifying facilities properly
interconnected to the System in Monongahela's service territory and
ordered negotiations by Monongahela and Potomac Edison with the two
PURPA developers.  On August 9, 1993, the West Virginia PSC
deconsolidated the two cases.  Following the West Virginia Supreme
Court's denial of a petition for review of the June 25, 1993 order,
both developers requested the start of negotiations.  In February 1994,
Potomac Edison and Monongahela met with the developer of the Barbour
County Project to begin negotiation of issues not resolved in the March
1993 order.  There have been no further developments in the Barbour
County project since that time.  In September 1994, Potomac Edison
received a new proposal concerning the Marshall County site from its
developer, pursuant to which the developer proposes to sell capacity to
Potomac Edison.  Potomac Edison replied to the proposal in October
1994.  On January 10, 1995, the developer filed a motion with the West
Virginia PSC to compel Potomac Edison to enter into an Electric Energy
Purchase Agreement.  Monongahela and Potomac Edison cannot predict the
outcome of these proceedings.

           As previously reported, effective March 1, 1989, West Virginia
enacted a new method for calculating the Business and Occupation Tax 
<PAGE>
(B & O Tax) on electricity generated in that state, which
disproportionately increased the B & O Tax on shipments of electricity
to other states.  In 1989, West Penn, the Pennsylvania Consumer
Advocate, and several West Penn industrial customers filed a joint
complaint in the Circuit Court of Kanawha County, West Virginia seeking
to have the B & O Tax declared illegal and unconstitutional on the
grounds that it violates the Interstate Commerce Clause and the Equal
Protection Clause of the federal Constitution and certain provisions of
federal law that bar the states from imposing or assessing taxes on the
generation or transmission of electricity that discriminate against
out-of-state entities.  In 1991, West Penn amended the complaint to
include a 1990 increase in the rate of the B & O Tax.  The trial was
held in July 1993 and briefs have been filed.  West Penn cannot predict
the outcome of this litigation.

           As of December 1994, Monongahela has been named as a defendant
along with multiple other defendants in 1,625 pending asbestos cases
involving one or more plaintiffs and Monongahela, Potomac Edison and
West Penn have been named as defendants along with multiple other
defendants in an additional 716 cases by one or more plaintiffs. 
Because these cases are filed by "shot-gun" complaints naming many
plaintiffs and many defendants, it is presently impossible to determine
the actual number of claims against the Operating Subsidiaries. 
However, based on past experience and data available to date, it is
estimated that less than 500 cases actually involve claims against any
or all of the Operating Subsidiaries.  All complaints allege that the
plaintiffs sustained unspecified injuries resulting from claimed
exposure to asbestos in various generating plants and other industrial
facilities operated by the various defendants, although all plaintiffs
do not claim exposure at facilities operated by all defendants.  All
plaintiffs claiming exposure at stations operated by the Operating
Subsidiaries were employed by third-party contractors, with the
exception of three known plaintiffs who claim to have been employees of
Monongahela.  Each plaintiff generally seeks compensatory and punitive
damages against all defendants in amounts of up to $1 million and $3
million, respectively; in those cases that include a spousal claim for
loss of consortium, damages are generally sought against all defendants
in an amount of up to an additional $1 million.  Therefore, because of
the multiple defendants, the Operating Subsidiaries believe their
potential liability is a very small percentage of the total amount of
the damages sought.  A total of 94 cases have been previously settled
by Monongahela for an amount substantially less than the anticipated
cost of defense.  While the Operating Subsidiaries believe that all of
these cases are without merit, they cannot predict the outcome of these
cases or whether other cases will be filed.

           On June 10, 1994, APS and all of its subsidiaries filed a
declaratory judgment action in the Superior Court of New Jersey against
their historic comprehensive general liability (CGL) insurers.  This
suit seeks a declaration that the CGL insurers have a duty to defend
and indemnify the Operating Subsidiaries in the asbestos cases, as well
as in certain environmental actions.  To date, one insurer has settled. 
All other parties have answered the complaint.  On January 27, 1995,
the Court granted the CGL insurers' motion which dismissed the
complaint, without prejudice, on procedural grounds.  On the same day,
APS and all of its subsidiaries recommenced the action in the Court of
Common Pleas of Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania.  The outcome of this
proceeding cannot be predicted.
<PAGE>
           On March 4, 1994, the Operating Subsidiaries received notice that
the EPA had identified them as potentially responsible parties ("PRPs")
under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and
Liability Act of 1980, as amended, with respect to the Jack's
Creek/Sitkin Smelting Superfund Site (Site).  There are approximately
875 other PRPs involved.  A Remedial Investigation/Feasibility Study
prepared by the EPA indicates remedial alternatives which range as high
as $113 million, to be shared by all responsible parties.  The EPA has
not yet selected which remedial alternatives it will use, nor has it
issued a Proposed Plan and Record of Decision.  The Operating
Subsidiaries believe they have defenses to allegations of liability and
intend to vigorously defend this matter.  The Operating Subsidiaries
cannot predict the outcome of this proceeding.

           After protracted litigation concerning the Operating
Subsidiaries' application for a license to build a 1,000-MW energy-
storage facility near Davis, West Virginia, in 1988 the U.S. District
Court reversed the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers' (Corps) denial of a
dredge and fill permit on the grounds that, among other things, the
Operating Subsidiaries were denied an opportunity to review and comment
upon written materials and other communications used by the Corps in
making its decision.  As a result, the Court remanded the matter to the
Corps for further proceedings.  This decision has been appealed and 
negotiations are ongoing to settle this matter.  The Operating
Subsidiaries cannot predict the outcome of this proceeding.



ITEM 4.    SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS 


           Neither APS, Monongahela, Potomac Edison, West Penn nor AGC
submitted any matters to a vote of shareholders during the fourth
quarter of 1994.
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           Executive Officers of the Registrants 

                       The names of the executive officers of each company, their ages, the positions
                      they hold and their business experience during the past five years appears below:

                                           Position (a) and Period of Service                                  

Name                    Age       APS           APSC              MP             PE              WP               AGC        

<S>                     <C>   <C>           <C>            <C>             <C>             <C>              <C>
Charles S. Ault         56                                                                 V.P.
                                                                                           (1990-    )
                                                                                           Previously,
                                                                                           Dir., Per.
                                                                                           (1986-90)

Thomas A. Barlow        60                                  V.P.
                                                            (1987-  )

Eileen M. Beck          53   Sec.           Sec.            Secretary      Asst. Sec.      Asst. Sec.       Sec. (1982- )
                             (1988-  )      (1988-  )       (1995-  )       (1988-  )      (1988-  )        
                             Asst. Treas.   Asst. Treas.    Asst. Treas.
                             (1979-  )      (1979-  )       (1981-  )   
                                                            Previously,
                                                            Asst. Sec.
                                                            (1988-94)                                                

Klaus Bergman           63   CEO,           CEO,            Chrm., CEO     Chrm., CEO      Chrm., CEO       Dir. (1982- )
                             & Dir.         & Dir.          & Dir.         & Dir.          & Dir.           & Pres. & CEO
                             (1985-  )      (1985-  )       (1985-  )      (1985-  )       (1985-  )        (1985-   )
                             Chairman       Chairman
                             (1994-  )      (1994-  )
                             Previously,    Previously,
                             Pres.          Pres.         
                             (1985-94)      (1985-94)

Charles V. Burkley      63                                                                 Comptroller
                                                                                           (1984-   )

Nancy L. Campbell       55   V.P.            V.P.           Treas.         Asst. Treas.                     Treas. & 
                             (1994-  )      (1993-  )       (1995-  )      & Asst. Sec.                     Asst. Sec.
                             Treas.          Treas.                        (1988-  )                        (1988-  )
                             (1988-  )       (1988-  )                     

Richard J. Gagliardi    44   V.P.           V.P.            Asst. Sec.                                      Asst. Treas.
                             (1991-  )      (1990-  )       (1990-  )                                       (1982-   )
                                            Previously,                                                     
                                            Asst. V.P. &
                                            Dir. Taxes                                                      
                                            (1988-90)

Stanley I. Garnett,II   51   Senior         Senior          Dir.           Dir.            Dir.             Dir. & V.P.
                             V.P. - Fin.    V.P. - Fin.     (1990-  )      (1990-  )       (1990-  )        (1990-  )
                             (9/94-   )     (9/94-   )                                     V.P.            
                             & Asst. Sec.   & Asst. Sec.                                   (1985-  )   
                             (1982-  )      (1982-  )                                      Previously, 
                             Previously,    Previously,                                    Asst. Treas.
                             V.P. - Fin.    V.P. - Fin.                                    Asst. Sec.
                             (1990-9/94)    (1990-9/94)                                    (1981-90)         
                                            Previously,
                                            V.P. - Legal
                                            & Regulatory

(a)  All officers and directors are elected annually.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           Position (a) and Period of Service                                  

Name                    Age       APS           APSC              MP             PE              WP              AGC      

<S>                     <C>  <C>            <C>             <C>            <C>             <C>                  <C>  
Nancy H. Gormley        62   V.P.           V.P. - Legal    V.P.                           Asst. Sec.
                             (1991-  )      & Regulatory    (1992-  )                      & Asst. Treas.
                                            (1990-   )                                     (1990-  )
                                            Previously,
                                            Asst. V.P.
                                            (1/90-9/90);
                                            Previously,
                                            Gen. Solicitor

Benjamin H. Hayes(b)    60                                  Pres.
                                                            (1987-94) &
                                                            Dir. 
                                                            (1992-94)

Thomas K. Henderson     54                                  V.P.           V.P.            V.P. 
                                                            (1995-  )      (1995-  )       (1985-  )
                                                                                                            

Kenneth M. Jones        57   V.P. &         V.P. &                                                          Dir. & V.P.
                             Comptroller    Comptroller                                                     (1991-  )
                             (1991-  )      (1991-  )
                                            Previously,
                                            Comptroller
                                            (1976-  )

Thomas J. Kloc          42                                                 Comptroller                      Comptroller
                                                                           (1988-  )                        (1988-   )


James D. Latimer        56                                                 Executive V.P.
                                                                           (6/94-  )
                                                                           Previously,
                                                                           V.P.                             
                                                                           (1988-6/94)     




(a)  All officers and directors are elected annually.
(b)  Retired effective January 1, 1995.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           Position (a) and Period of Service                                  

Name                 Age          APS           APSC              MP             PE              WP               AGC        

<S>                   <C>   <C>             <C>             <C>            <C>             <C>              <C>  
Kenneth D. Mowl       55                                                                   Sec. & Treas.
                                                                                           (1986-  )
                                                                                                            
Charles S. Mullett(b) 63                                    Sec. & Treas.
                                                            (1983-94)

Robert B. Murdock(b)  62                                                   V.P.
                                                                           (1972-94)
 
Richard E. Myers      58                                    Comptroller
                                                            (1980-  )

Alan J. Noia          47     Pres., COO     Pres., COO      Dir.           Pres.           Dir.             Dir. & V.P.
                             & Dir.         & Dir.          (9/94-  )      (1990-94)       (9/94-  )        (9/94-  )
                             (9/94-  )      (9/94-  )       Previously,    & Dir.          Previously,      Previously,
                             Previously,    Previously,     Dir.           (1990-  )       Dir.             Dir. (1984-90) &
                             V.P.-Fin.      V.P.-Fin.       (1987-90)      Previously,     (1987-90)        V.P. (1982-90)
                             (1987-90)      (1987-90)                      Dir. & Exec. V.P.                
                                                                           (3/90 - 5/90);
                                                                           Dir. & V.P.
                                                                           (1987-1990)

Jay S. Pifer        57                      Senior V.P.     Pres. & Dir.   Pres. & Dir.    Pres.
                                            (1995-  )       (1995-  )      (1995-  )       (1990-  )
                                                                                           & Dir.    
                                                                                           (1992-  )  
                                                                                           Previously,
                                                                                           V.P.
                                                                                           (1985-90)

Richard A. Roschli  60                                                     V.P.
                                                                           (6/94-  )
                                                                           Previously,
                                                                           Asst. V.P.
                                                                           (5/94-6/94);
                                                                           Div. Mgr.
                                                                           (1988-5/94)     

Peter J. Skrgic     53  Senior V.P.         Senior V.P.     Dir.           Dir. & V.P.     Dir.             Dir. & V.P.
                        (9/94-  )           (9/94-  )       (1990-   )     (1990-   )      (1990-   )       (1989-  )
                        Previously,         Previously,           
                        V.P.                V.P.          
                        (1989-94)           (1989-94)

Robert R. Winter    51                                      V.P.           V.P.
                                                            (1987-   )     (1995-  )
                                                                                                            
Dale F. Zimmerman   61                                      Asst. Sec. &   Sec. & Treas.
                                                            Asst. Treas.   (1990 -      )
                                                            (1995-  )      Previously, 
                                                                           Asst. Sec.   
                                                                           (1964-89);  
                                                                           Asst. Treas.
                                                                           (1967-89)


(a)  All officers and directors are elected annually.
(b)  Retired effective January 1, 1995.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
                                                     PART II 


ITEM 5.        MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANTS' COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED
               STOCKHOLDER MATTERS


           APS.

           AYP is the trading symbol of the common stock of APS on the
New York, Chicago, and Pacific Stock Exchanges.  The stock is also
traded on the Amsterdam (Netherlands) and other stock exchanges. 
As of December 31, 1994, there were 66,818 holders of record of
APS' common stock.

           The tables below show the dividends paid and the high and low
sale prices of the common stock for the periods indicated:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                  1994                                               1993(a)                
               Dividend          High              Low             Dividend         High            Low
<S>            <C>               <C>               <C>             <C>              <C>             <C>
1st Quarter    41 cents          $26-1/2           $22-3/8         40-1/2 cents     $25-15/16       $23-7/16
2nd Quarter    41 cents          $24               $20-1/8         40-1/2 cents     $26-3/4         $25
3rd Quarter    41 cents          $22-3/4           $19-3/4         41 cents         $28-7/16        $26-5/8
4th Quarter    41 cents          $22               $19-3/4         41 cents         $28             $25-1/2

(a)  Stock prices and dividends were adjusted to reflect a two-for-one stock 
     split effective November 4, 1993.
</TABLE>

           The high and low prices through February 2, 1995 were 24 and
21-1/2.  The last reported sale on that date was at 23-5/8.
           
           Monongahela, Potomac Edison, and West Penn.  The information
required by this Item is not applicable as all the common stock of
the Operating Subsidiaries is held by APS.


           AGC.  The information required by this Item is not applicable
as all the common stock of AGC is held by Monongahela, Potomac
Edison, and West Penn.
<PAGE>

ITEM 6.    SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

                                                                   Page No.
           
           APS                                                       D-1
           Monongahela                                               D-3
           Potomac Edison                                            D-5
           West Penn                                                 D-7
           AGC                                                       D-9
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        D-1
APS
CONSOLIDATED STATISTICS
Year ended December 31
                                  1994       1993        1992        1991        1990       1989        1984
Summary of Operations (in millions)
<S>                             <C>        <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>        <C>         <C>
Operating revenues              $2 451.7   $2 331.5    $2 306.7    $2 282.2    $2 301.9   $2 260.7    $1 725.6
Operation expense                1 284.9    1 208.4     1 252.0     1 252.2     1 338.6    1 337.1       948.4
Maintenance                        241.9      231.2       210.9       204.2       182.0      185.5       131.3
Depreciation                       223.9      210.4       197.8       189.7       180.9      172.3       118.8
Taxes other than income            183.1      178.8       174.6       167.5       152.5      139.5       105.3
Taxes on income                    129.7      128.1       115.4       119.1       106.4       89.0       134.4
Allowance for funds used during 
  construction                     (19.6)     (21.5)      (17.5)       (7.9)        (7.2)     (7.7)      (34.9)
Interest charges and preferred 
  dividends                        184.2      180.3       171.3        165.0        161.1    156.0        152.1
Other income and deductions (a)      3.8                   (1.3)        (1.6)        (3.8)    (5.9)       (6.1)
Consolidated income before 
  cumulative effect of accounting 
  change (a)                       219.8      215.8       203.5        194.0        191.4    194.9        176.3
Cumulative effect of accounting 
  change, net (b)                   43.4
Consolidated net income         $  263.2    $ 215.8    $  203.5     $  194.0     $  191.4 $  194.9     $  176.3
Common Stock Data (c) 
Shares outstanding at Dec. 31 
  (in thousands)                 119 293    117 664     113 899      108 451      106 984  105 579       98 757
Average shares outstanding 
  (in thousands)                 118 272    114 937     111 226      107 548      106 102  104 787       97 627
Earnings per average share:
  Consolidated income before 
    cumulative effect of accounting 
    change (a)                     $1.86      $1.88       $1.83        $1.80        $1.80    $1.86        $1.81
  Cumulative effect of accounting 
    change (b)                       .37
  Consolidated net income          $2.23      $1.88       $1.83        $1.80        $1.80    $1.86        $1.81
Dividends paid per share           $1.64      $1.63    $1.60 1/2   $1.58 1/2        $1.58    $1.55    $1.31 1/4
Dividend pay-out ratio (d)         86.2%      86.9%       88.3%        87.8%        87.6%    83.3%        72.7%
Stockholders at Dec. 31           66 818     63 396      63 918       62 095       63 201   68 156       85 080
Market price range per share:
  High                            26 1/2    28 7/16      24 3/8       23 1/4      21 1/16   21 1/4           15
  Low                             19 3/4    23 7/16      20 3/4      17 7/16      17        17 13/16      12 5/16
Book value per share at Dec. 31  $17.26    $16.62       $16.05      $15.54       $15.26     $14.99       $12.37
Return on average common equity (d)11.22%   11.40%       11.45%      11.59%      11.78%      12.41%       14.69%
Capitalization Data at Dec. 31
Capitalization (in millions):
  Common stock                  $2 059.3   $1 955.8    $1 827.8     $1 685.6    $1 632.3  $1 582.4     $1 221.5
  Preferred stock:
    Not subject to mandatory 
      redemption                   300.1      250.1       250.1        235.1       235.1     235.1        240.1
    Subject to mandatory redemption 25.2       26.4        28.0         29.3        30.6      30.6         81.0
  Long-term debt                 2 178.5    2 008.1     1 951.6      1 747.6     1 642.2   1 578.4      1 464.9
Total capitalization            $4 563.1   $4 240.4    $4 057.5     $3 697.6    $3 540.2  $3 426.5     $3 007.5
Capitalization ratios:
  Common stock                      45.1%      46.1%       45.0%        45.6%       46.1%     46.2%      40.6%
  Preferred stock:
    Not subject to mandatory 
      redemption                     6.6        5.9         6.2          6.3         6.6       6.8          8.0
    Subject to mandatory redemption   .6         .6          .7           .8          .9        .9          2.7
  Long-term debt                    47.7       47.4        48.1         47.3        46.4      46.1         48.7
Total Assets at Dec. 31 
  (in millions)                 $6 362.2   $5 949.2    $5 039.3      $4 855.0   $4 561.3  $4 433.3     $3 736.8
Property Data at Dec. 31 (in millions)
Gross property                  $7 586.8   $7 176.9    $6 679.9      $6 255.7    $5 986.2 $5 721.5     $4 424.3
Accumulated depreciation        (2 529.4)  (2 388.8)   (2 240.0)     (2 093.7)   (1 946.1)(1 807.1)   (1 176.0)
Net property                    $5 057.4   $4 788.1    $4 439.9      $4 162.0    $4 040.1 $3 914.4     $3 248.3
Gross additions during year     $  508.3   $  574.0    $  487.6      $  337.7    $  321.8 $  302.5     $  297.9
Ratio of provisions for depreciation 
  to depreciable property           3.32%      3.37%      3.31%         3.28%       3.27%    3.26%        3.15%
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        D-2

CONSOLIDATED STATISTICS (continued)
                                1994       1993        1992         1991         1990      1989        1984
Revenues (in millions)
<S>                             <C>        <C>         <C>          <C>          <C>       <C>         <C>
Residential                     $  863.7   $  818.4    $  734.9     $  708.3     $  649.5  $  626.2    $  514.1
Commercial                         459.3      430.2       391.9        375.4        343.0     327.5       260.1
Industrial                         728.0      673.4       637.7        600.2        571.5     553.5       515.5
Nonaffiliated utilities            331.6      346.7       465.5        525.0        679.9     698.5       389.5
Other                               69.1       62.8        76.7         73.3         58.0      55.0        46.4
    Total revenues              $2 451.7   $2 331.5    $2 306.7     $2 282.2     $2 301.9  $2 260.7    $1 725.6
Sales--kWh (in millions)
Residential                       12 630     12 514      11 746       11 755       11 264    11 042       9 411
Commercial                         7 607      7 440       7 071        7 003        6 670     6 479       5 274
Industrial                        17 708     16 967      16 910       16 430       16 511    16 239      15 431
Nonaffiliated utilities            9 915     12 388      17 753       18 211       21 796    24 383      12 413
Other                              1 275      1 240       1 186        1 146        1 101     1 110         950
    Total sales                   49 135     50 549      54 666       54 545       57 342    59 253      43 479
Output--kWh (in millions)
Steam generation                  38 959     38 247      40 373       42 307       41 933    43 497      39 298
Hydro and pumped-storage
  generation                       1 390      1 233       1 204        1 654        1 426     1 774         205
Pumped-storage input              (1 564)    (1 385)     (1 340)      (1 907)      (1 568)   (1 973)
Purchased power and exchanges, net 12 965    15 245      17 279       15 321       17 924    19 169       6 383
Losses and system uses            (2 615)    (2 791)     (2 850)      (2 830)      (2 373)   (3 214)    (2 407)
    Total sales as above          49 135     50 549      54 666       54 545       57 342    59 253      43 479
Energy Supply
Generating capability--MW at Dec. 31
  System-owned                     8 070      7 991       7 991        7 992        7 991     7 906       7 109
  Nonutility contracts (e)           299        292         212          162          160       160
Maximum hour peak--MW              7 153      6 678       6 530        6 238        6 070     6 489       5 508
Load factor                         66.8%      70.0%       69.3%        71.7%        71.3%     67.0%      69.3%
Heat rate--Btu's per kWh           9 927     10 020       9 910        9 956        9 944     9 967      10 136
Fuel costs--cents per million Btu's  141.50  142.12      141.93       143.19       140.97    136.70      154.38
Customers at Dec. 31 (in thousands)
Residential                      1 189.7    1 176.6     1 161.5      1 146.6      1 133.4   1 118.1     1 045.4
Commercial                         143.0      140.1       137.4        134.7        132.2     128.9       113.6
Industrial                          24.2       23.8        23.6         23.1         22.8       2.4        20.4
Other                                1.3        1.2         1.2          1.3          1.3       1.2         1.1
    Total customers              1 358.2    1 341.7     1 323.7      1 305.7      1 289.7   1 270.6     1 180.5
Average Annual Use--kWh per customer
Residential--APS                  10 682     10 715      10 181       10 316       10 011     9 950       9 061
Residential--National              9 445 (f)  9 380 (f)   8 949 (f)    9 280 (c)    9 056     9 063       8 500
All retail service--APS           28 205     27 800      27 259       27 205       26 996    26 866      25 776
Average Rate--cents per kWh
Residential--APS                    6.84       6.54        6.26         6.03         5.77      5.67        5.46
Residential--National               8.78 (f)   8.73 (f)    8.63 (f)     8.46         8.17      7.95        7.53
All retail service--APS             5.43       5.23        4.96         4.80         4.56      4.48        4.30
(a) Includes asset write-off of $5.3 million ($.05 per share), net of income taxes in 1994.
(b) To record unbilled revenues, net of income taxes.
(c) Reflects a two-for-one common stock split effective November 4, 1993.
(d) Excludes the cumulative effect of the accounting change and asset write-off in 1994.
(e) Capability available through contractual arrangements with nonutility generators.
(f) Preliminary.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        D-3
Monongahela

SUMMARY OF OPERATIONS
(Thousands of Dollars)
                          1994       1993       1992       1991       1990       1989
Electric operating revenues:
  <S>                     <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>  
  Residential             $190 861   $185 141   $169 589   $163 757   $151 658   $146 429
  Commercial               116 201    110 762    102 709     97 849     90 095     86 527 
  Industrial               202 181    187 669    186 442    177 688    169 654    165 940
  Nonaffiliated utilities   79 701     86 032    119 628    140 029    177 573    185 122
  Other,
    including affiliates    91 186     72 240     53 595     45 803     41 348     44 881
    Total                  680 130    641 844    631 963    625 126    630 328    628 899
  Operation expense        394 438    364 027    372 002    364 968    379 663    395 614
  Maintenance               69 389     67 770     62 909     64 035     57 768     58 690
  Depreciation              57 952     56 056     53 865     51 903     50 433     48 381
  Taxes other 
   than income              40 404     34 076     33 207     35 378     34 310     32 552
  Taxes on income           30 712     33 612     27 919     31 173     31 005     19 293
  Allowance for funds used 
   during construction      (2 946)    (5 780)    (3 908)    (1 341)    (1 559)    (2 295)
  Interest charges          38 156     37 588     36 013     33 494     33 264     32 544
  Other income, net         (7 911)    (7 203)    (8 388)    (8 573)    (9 505)   (11 325)
  Income before
    cumulative effect of
    accounting change       59 936     61 698     58 344     54 089     54 949     55 445
  Cumulative effect of 
   accounting change,
   net (a)                   7 945
  Net income               $67 881    $61 698    $58 344    $54 089    $54 949    $55 445
  Return on average 
   common equity (b)         10.66%     11.83%     11.96%     11.43%     11.84%     12.23%
(a) To record unbilled revenues, net of income taxes.
(b) Excludes the cumulative effect of the accounting change in 1994.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        D-4
Monongahela
FINANCIAL AND OPERATING STATISTICS
                         1994        1993       1992        1991          1990        1989
PROPERTY, PLANT, AND EQUIPMENT
  at Dec. 31 (in thousands):
    <S>              <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>          <C>          <C>    
    Gross            $1 763 533  $1 684 322  $1 567 252  $1 458 643   $1 389 906   $1 334 814
    Accumulated
     depreciation      (701 271)   (664 947)   (628 595)   (590 311)    (550 104)    (512 439)
    Net              $1 062 262  $1 019 375  $  938 657  $  868 332   $  839 802   $  822 375

GROSS ADDITIONS TO PROPERTY
  (in thousands)     $  103 975  $  140 748   $  126 422 $   84 515   $   74 575   $   84 972

TOTAL ASSETS at Dec. 31
  (in thousands)     $1 476 483  $1 407 453   $1 166 410 $1 091 287   $1 054 497   $1 024 709

CAPITALIZATION at Dec. 31:
  Amount (in thousands):
    Common stock     $  495 693  $  483 030   $  475 628 $  428 855   $  425 016   $  410 409
    Preferred stock
     (not subject to mandatory
     redemption)        114 000      64 000       64 000     69 000       69 000       69 000
    Long-term debt      470 131     460 129      444 506    372 618      367 871      367 826
                     $1 079 824  $1 007 159   $  984 134 $  870 473   $  861 887   $  847 235
  Ratios:
    Common stock          45.9%       48.0%         48.3%       49.3%       49.3%       48.4%
    Preferred stock
     (not subject to mandatory
     redemption)          10.6         6.3           6.5         7.9         8.0         8.2
    Long-term debt        43.5         45.7         45.2        42.8        42.7        43.4
                         100.0%       100.0%       100.0%      100.0%     100.0%       100.0%

GENERATING CAPABILITY-
  kW at Dec. 31:
    Company-owned    2 326 300   2 325 300    2 325 300    2 325 300   2 325 300   2 301 925
    Nonutility
     contracts*        161 000     159 000       79 000       29 000      27 000      27 000

KILOWATTHOURS IN THOUSANDS:
  Sales:
    Residential       2 674 664   2 689 830    2 527 247    2 581 628   2 430 539   2 401 287
    Commercial        1 846 791   1 825 127    1 742 469    1 744 881   1 656 961   1 606 830
    Industrial        4 942 388   4 656 921    4 872 126    4 905 715   4 868 551   4 828 376
    Nonaffiliated 
     utilities        2 383 531   3 082 715    4 578 187    4 877 930   5 634 908   6 490 586
    Other,including 
     affiliates       1 925 450   1 565 561      824 393      584 677     590 920     942 404
    Total sales      13 772 824  13 820 154   14 544 422   14 694 831  15 181 879  16 269 483
  Output:
    Steam generation 10 743 934  10 194 794   10 593 059   11 512 714  11 247 964  12 328 241
    Pumped-storage
     generation         290 586     263 329      260 155      375 500     306 470     390 151
    Pumped-storage 
     input             (373 116)   (337 737)    (332 989)    (475 898)   (389 467)   (530 642)
    Purchased power and 
     exchanges, net   3 784 421   4 381 916    4 705 418    3 969 954   4 618 564   4 815 449
    Losses and
     system uses       (673 001)   (682 148)    (681 221)    (687 439)   (601 652)   (733 716)
      Total sales
       as above      13 772 824  13 820 154   14 544 422   14 694 831  15 181 879  16 269 483

CUSTOMERS at Dec. 31:
  Residential           300 465     297 865      294 595      291 578     288 990     286 823
  Commercial             35 268      34 626       34 005       33 484      33 107      32 614
  Industrial              8 029       8 014        8 005        7 994       7 946       7 870
  Other                     171         170          172          172         170         166
    Total 
     customers          343 933     340 675      336 777      333 228     330 213     327 473

RESIDENTIAL SERVICE:
  Average use-kWh
    per customer          8 957       9 093        8 636        8 905       8 457       8 406
  Average revenue-dollars 
    per customer         639.16      625.87       579.51       564.87      527.70      512.62
  Average rate-cents
    per kWh                7.14        6.88         6.71         6.34        6.24        6.10

* Capability available through contractual arrangements with
nonutility generators.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        D-5
Potomac Edison
SUMMARY OF OPERATIONS
(Thousands of Dollars)
                          1994      1993           1992            1991             1990            1989

Electric operating revenues:
  <S>                     <C>       <C>            <C>             <C>              <C>             <C>  
  Residential             $296 090  $274 358       $243 413        $227 851         $213 165        $208 663
  Commercial               135 937   124 667        111 506         104 642           97 902          94 648
  Industrial               195 089   175 902        157 304         147 654          148 632         152 296
  Nonaffiliated
   utilities               107 027   108 132        141 120         161 720          210 710         208 524
  Other,
   including affiliates     25 222    29 526         34 544          32 210           27 135          26 287
  Total                    759 365   712 585        687 887         674 077          697 544         690 418
  Operation expense        448 527   413 145        414 939         423 489          460 546         449 480
  Maintenance               58 624    64 376         53 141          49 766           45 035          46 837
  Depreciation              59 989    56 449         53 446          50 578           47 547          44 638
  Taxes other than
   income                   46 740    46 813         45 791          43 937           38 527          36 483
  Taxes on income           33 163    30 086         28 422          24 194           25 132          27 680
  Allowance for funds used
   during construction     (5 874)   (7 134)        (5 368)         (3 366)          (2 908)         (2 381)
  Interest charges          46 456    43 802         39 392          36 831           33 049          28 805
  Other income, net       (10 243)   (8 419)        (9 352)         (9 593)         (10 964)        (10 802)
  Income before cumulative effect
    of accounting change    81 983    73 467         67 476          58 241           61 580          69 678
  Cumulative effect of accounting 
   change, net (a)          16 471
  Net income               $98 454   $73 467        $67 476         $58 241          $61 580         $69 678
  Return on average 
   common equity (b)        11.86%    11.63%         11.85%          11.04%           12.31%          15.07%
(a) To record unbilled revenues, net of income taxes.
(b) Excludes the cumulative effect of the accounting change in 1994.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        D-6

FINANCIAL AND OPERATING STATISTICS
                          1994          1993          1992          1991          1990          1989
PROPERTY, PLANT, AND EQUIPMENT
  at Dec. 31 (in thousands):
    <S>                   <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>    
    Gross                 $1 978 396    $1 857 961    $1 698 711    $1 557 695    $1 454 250    $1 352 491
    Accumulated
     depreciation           (673 853)     (632 269)     (591 378)     (546 867)     (504 168)     (466 428)
    Net                   $1 304 543    $1 225 692    $1 107 333    $1 010 828    $  950 082    $  886 063

GROSS ADDITIONS TO PROPERTY
  (in thousands)          $  142 826    $  179 433    $  153 485    $  116 589    $  116 627    $  104 009

TOTAL ASSETS at Dec. 31
  (in thousands)          $1 629 535    $1 519 763    $1 355 385    $1 256 712    $1 140 623    $1 074 464

CAPITALIZATION at Dec. 31:
  Amount (in thousands):
    Common stock          $   658 146   $  626 467    $  567 826    $  480 931    $  453 761    $  421 583
    Preferred stock:
      Not subject to mandatory 
        redemption             36 378       36 378        36 378        56 378        56 378        56 378
      Subject to mandatory
        redemption             25 200       26 400        28 005        29 280        30 555        30 630
      Long-term debt          604 749      517 910       511 801       453 584       399 518       320 533
                           $1 324 473   $1 207 155    $1 144 010    $1 020 173     $ 940 212     $ 829 124
    Ratios:
      Common stock                49.7%        51.9%         49.6%         47.1%         48.3%         50.8%
    Preferred stock:
      Not subject to
       mandatory redemption        2.7          3.0           3.2           5.5           6.0           6.8
      Subject to mandatory
       redemption                  1.9          2.2           2.5           2.9           3.2           3.7
    Long-term debt                45.7         42.9          44.7          44.5          42.5          38.7
                                 100.0%       100.0%        100.0%        100.0%        100.0%        100.0%

GENERATING CAPABILITY:
  kW at Dec. 31              2 072 292    2 076 592     2 076 592     2 077 192     2 076 292     2 059 292

KILOWATTHOURS IN THOUSANDS:
  Sales:
    Residential              4 214 997    4 144 958     3 822 387     3 753 884     3 561 824     3 466 647
    Commercial               2 136 081    2 091 930     1 954 025     1 912 848     1 818 789     1 744 825
    Industrial               5 339 737    5 194 909     4 979 219     4 881 835     4 928 433     4 896 273
  Nonaffiliated
    utilities                3 194 580    3 860 791     5 394 006     5 649 050     6 818 528     7 311 705
  Other,
    including affiliates       653 614      649 636       616 711       615 604       593 548       599 099
  Total sales               15 539 009   15 942 224    16 766 348    16 813 221    17 721 122    18 018 549
  Output:
    Steam generation        10 464 607   10 103 411    10 713 987    11 192 300    11 094 016    11 538 206
    Hydro and pumped-storage 
      generation               426 550      368 834       351 035       502 302       430 500       522 300
    Pumped-storage input      (506 213)    (433 885)     (407 393)     (593 879)     (489 243)     (550 944)
    Purchased power and
      exchanges, net         5 896 492    6 691 792     6 937 037     6 517 575     7 387 314     7 526 595
    Losses and system uses    (742 427)    (787 928)     (828 318)     (805 077)     (701 465)   (1 017 608)
    Total sales as above    15 539 009   15 942 224    16 766 348     16 813 221   17 721 122    18 018 549

CUSTOMERS at Dec. 31:
  Residential                  315 309      309 096       302 559        295 564      289 695       281 469
  Commercial                    40 927       40 173        39 236         38 522       37 708        36 237
  Industrial                     4 595        4 509         4 435          4 283        4 132         3 957
  Other                            524          510           510            501          471           442
  Total customers              361 355      354 288       346 740        338 870      332 006       322 105

RESIDENTIAL SERVICE:
  Average use-kWh per
   customer                     13 506       13 562         12 766        12 822       12 463        12 511
  Average revenue-dollars
   per customer                 948.76       897.70         812.96        778.25       745.90        753.04
  Average rate-cents per kWh      7.02         6.62           6.37          6.07         5.98          6.02
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        D-7

West Penn

SUMMARY OF OPERATIONS

(Thousands of Dollars)
                     1994        1993              1992            1991             1990            1989
Electric operating revenues:
  <S>                <C>         <C>               <C>             <C>              <C>             <C>    
  Residential        $  376 776  $  358 900        $  321 871      $  316 685       $  284 691      $  271 067    
  Commercial            207 165     194 773           177 697         172 924          154 999         146 364
  Industrial            330 739     309 847           293 910         274 896          253 184         235 286 
Nonaffiliated
  utilities             144 829     152 541           204 743         223 225          291 636         304 822
  Other, including
   affiliates            68 733      68 916            78 620          83 073           74 342          58 108  
Total                 1 128 242   1 084 977         1 076 841       1 070 803         1 058 852      1 015 647
  Operation expense     647 963     625 269           647 989         649 422           684 508        673 158
Maintenance             111 841      96 706            93 067          87 717            77 516         78 167
  Depreciation           88 935      80 872            73 469          70 334            66 122         62 428
  Taxes other
    than income          87 224      89 249            87 300          80 630            72 114         62 846
Taxes on income          50 385      51 529            44 078          47 846            33 867         24 988
  Allowance for funds
  used during
  construction          (10 777)     (8 566)           (8 276)         (3 224)           (2 729)       (2 991)
  Interest charges       60 274      60 585            55 592          51 977            49 268        45 953
  Asset write-off, net    5 179
  Other income, net     (13 797)    (12 728)          (14 534)        (15 077)          (15 067)      (17 153)
  Consolidated income before 
  cumulative effect of
  accounting change     101 015     102 061            98 156         101 178            93 253        88 251
  Cumulative effect of accounting
   change, net (a)       19 031
  Consolidated
   net income          $120 046    $102 061           $98 156        $101 178           $93 253       $88 251
  Return on average common 
   equity (b)            10.49%      11.49%            11.53%          12.66%            12.07%        11.62%

(a) To record unbilled revenues, net of income taxes.
(b) Excludes the cumulative effect of the accounting change and     
    asset write-off in 1994.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        D-8

West Penn Power Company and Subsidiaries

FINANCIAL AND OPERATING STATISTICS

                     1994        1993              1992            1991             1990            1989
PROPERTY, PLANT, AND EQUIPMENT
  at Dec. 31 (in thousands):
    <S>              <C>         <C>               <C>             <C>              <C>             <C>    
    Gross            $3 013 777  $2 803 811        $2 581 641      $2 409 005       $2 312 425      $2 209 054
 Accumulated
  depreciation       (1 009 565)    (962 623)        (904 906)       (857 999)        (809 674)       (762 700)
    Net              $2 004 212  $1 841 188        $1 676 735      $1 551 006       $1 502 751      $1 446 354

GROSS ADDITIONS TO PROPERTY
  (in thousands)     $  260 366  $  251 017        $  204 409      $  134 443       $  128 762      $  112 801

TOTAL ASSETS at Dec. 31
  (in thousands)     $2 731 858  $2 544 763        $2 083 127      $2 006 309       $1 842 766      $1 784 493

CAPITALIZATION at Dec. 31:
  Amount (in thousands):
    Common stock     $  955 482  $  893 969        $  782 341      $  774 707       $  723 567      $  694 107
    Preferred stock (not 
     subject to mandatory
     redemption)        149 708     149 708           149 708         109 708          109 708         109 708
    Long-term debt      836 426     782 369           759 005         621 906          563 378         563 410
                     $1 941 616  $1 826 046        $1 691 054      $1 506 321       $1 396 653      $1 367 225

  Ratios:
    Common stock          49.2%       49.0%             46.3%           51.4%            51.8%           50.8%
    Preferred stock (not
     subject to mandatory
     redemption)           7.7         8.2               8.8             7.3              7.9             8.0
    Long-term debt        43.1        42.8              44.9            41.3             40.3            41.2
                         100.0%      100.0%            100.0%          100.0%           100.0%          100.0%

GENERATING CAPABILITY-kW at Dec. 31:
    Company-owned    3 671 408   3 589 408         3 589 408       3 589 408        3 589 408       3 544 783
    Nonutility 
     contracts (a)     138 000     133 000           133 000         133 000          133 000         133 000

KILOWATTHOURS IN THOUSANDS:
  Sales:
    Residential       5 740 028      5 679 746      5 396 533       5 419 150        5 271 390       5 173 781
    Commercial        3 624 117      3 522 566      3 374 355       3 345 255        3 194 141       3 127 641
    Industrial        7 426 267      7 114 765      7 058 895       6 643 238        6 713 824       6 514 384
    Nonaffiliated
     utilities        4 337 106      5 444 798      7 780 654       7 683 817        9 342 543      10 580 015
    Other, including
     affiliates       1 530 853      1 821 189      2 247 844       2 485 366        2 426 414       1 868 121
      Total sales     22 658 371    23 583 064     25 858 281      25 576 826       26 948 312      27 263 942
  Output:
    Steam
     generation       17 750 267    17 949 335     19 066 445      19 602 129       19 590 731      19 630 384
    Hydro and pumped-storage
     generation          673 195       600 497        592 895         775 798          688 517         862 119
    Pumped-storage 
     input              (684 715)     (613 290)      (599 729)       (836 700)        (689 186)       (891 847)
    Purchased power and
     exchanges, net    6 119 757     6 967 752      8 139 496       7 373 185        8 428 158       9 125 988
    Losses and
     system uses      (1 200 133)   (1 321 230)    (1 340 826)     (1 337 586)      (1 069 908)     (1 462 702)
      Total sales
       as above       22 658 371    23 583 064     25 858 281      25 576 826       26 948 312      27 263 942

CUSTOMERS at Dec. 31:
  Residential            573 963       569 601        564 300         559 444          554 716         549 773
  Commercial              66 842        65 337         64 212          62 674           61 396          60 062
  Industrial              11 563        11 218         11 138          10 826           10 687          10 561
  Other                      586           576            569             692              680             660
    Total customers      652 954       646 732        640 219         633 636          627 479         621 056

RESIDENTIAL SERVICE:
  Average use-kWh
    per customer          10 041        10 025          9 608           9 733            9 550           9 459
  Average revenue-dollars 
    per customer          659.07        633.48         573.07          568.76           515.75          495.60
  Average rate-cents 
    per kWh                 6.56          6.32           5.96            5.84             5.40            5.24

(a) Capability available through contractual arrangements with
nonutility generators.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        D-9
AGC

STATISTICS
                          1994      1993           1992            1991             1990            1989

SUMMARY OF OPERATIONS
(Thousands of Dollars)
Electric 
  <S>                     <C>       <C>            <C>             <C>              <C>             <C>  
  operating revenues      $91 022   $90 606        $96 147         $100 505         $104 482        $111 011
Operation and
  maintenance expense       6 695     6 609          6 094            6 774            5 974           6 229
Depreciation               16 852    16 899         16 827           16 778           16 756          16 816
Taxes other 
  than income taxes         5 223     5 347          5 236            4 563            4 712           5 062
Federal income taxes       14 737    13 262         14 702           15 455           16 458          17 230 
Interest charges           17 809    21 635         22 585           24 030           26 883          30 020
Other income, net             (11)     (328)           (21)             (24)             (17)            (24)
Net income                $29 717   $27 182        $30 724         $ 32 929         $ 33 716        $ 35 678
Return on 
  average common equity    13.14%    11.72%         12.79%           13.09%           12.78%          12.95%

PROPERTY, PLANT, AND EQUIPMENT at Dec. 31 (in thousands):
  Gross                   $824 714  $824 904       $825 493        $822 332         $821 424        $820 376
  Accumulated
   depreciation          (143 965)  (128 375)      (114 684)        (97 915)         (81 514)        (64 906)
  Net                    $680 749   $696 529       $710 809        $724 417         $739 910        $755 470

GROSS ADDITIONS TO PROPERTY
  (in thousands)          $1 065    $2 729         $3 251          $1 391           $1 214          $532

TOTAL ASSETS at Dec. 31
  (in thousands)          $714 236  $735 929       $727 820        $742 223         $757 084        $777 047

CAPITALIZATION at Dec. 31:
  Amount (in thousands):
    Common stock          $222 729  $228 512       $235 530        $244 593         $254 664        $265 648
    Long-term debt         267 165   277 196        287 139         299 502          311 461         326 600
                          $489 894  $505 708       $522 669        $544 095         $566 125        $592 248
  Ratios:
    Common stock             45.5%     45.2%          45.1%           45.0%            45.0%           44.9%
    Long-term debt           54.5      54.8           54.9            55.0             55.0            55.1
                            100.0%    100.0%         100.0%          100.0%           100.0%          100.0%

KILOWATTHOURS IN THOUSANDS:
  Pumping energy supplied by
    parents             1 564 044   1 384 912      1 340 111       1 906 477        1 567 896       1 973 433
  Pumped-storage 
    generation          1 218 446   1 079 985      1 047 015       1 504 310        1 233 782       1 554 767
</TABLE>
<PAGE>

ITEM 7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
                     CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS


                                                                   Page No.
           
           APS                                                       M-1
           Monongahela                                               M-5
           Potomac Edison                                            M-13
           West Penn                                                 M-21
           AGC                                                       M-30
<PAGE>

                                                      M-1
APS
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

CONSOLIDATED NET INCOME

Earnings per share were $2.23 in 1994, including $.37 of
non-recurring income from the cumulative effect of an
accounting change to record unbilled revenues.  The 1994 results
also reflect the write-off ($.05 per share)
of previously accumulated costs related to future facilities no
longer considered meaningful in the industry's
more competitive environment.  Earnings per share were $1.88 and
$1.83 in 1993 and 1992, respectively. 
Consolidated net income was $263.2 million including the $43.4
million non-recurring cumulative effect of an
accounting change and net of the $5.3 million asset write-off
described above.  Consolidated net income was
$215.8 million and $203.5 million in 1993 and 1992, respectively. 
The 1994 and 1993 increases in consolidated
net income resulted primarily from kWh sales and retail rate
increases. These revenue increases, in both years,
were offset in part by higher expenses.

The subject of competition for customers, particularly industrial
customers, has been receiving a lot of
attention.  In 1994 the Maryland, Ohio, and Pennsylvania
commissions started proceedings described as inquiries
into the subject, which are still in progress.  The inquiries are
not expected to result in immediately
meaningful changes in current relations with our customers.  All
customers, except wholesale customers regulated
by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC), continue to
be required to purchase their electricity
requirements from the utility in whose franchised territory they
reside.  This is not to say that competition
does not exist.  Utilities continue to compete for the siting of
new industrial and commercial customers, to
retain existing customers in the franchised territory, and, for
those  businesses with multiple plants in
multiple territories, to maintain or shift their production to
local facilities.   As in the past, electric
utilities continue to compete with suppliers of other forms of
energy.  Because the subsidiaries are the lowest
or among the lowest cost suppliers of electricity in their
regions, they should not experience the competitive
concerns of other utilities who use cost-based pricing. However,
the subsidiaries continue to face competition
from utilities with excess generation that are willing to sell at
prices intended only to recover variable
costs.

SALES AND REVENUES

KWh sales to and revenues from residential, commercial, and
industrial customers are shown on page 35. Such kWh
sales increased 2.8% and 3.3% in 1994 and 1993, respectively. 
The increases in revenues from sales to residential, commercial,
and industrial customers resulted from the
following:
                                         Increase from Prior Year
                                             1994         1993
                                           (Millions of Dollars)  

Increased kWh sales                        $ 23.6       $ 46.6
Fuel and energy cost adjustment clauses*     48.3         57.0
Rate increases:
  Pennsylvania                               22.7         25.2
  Maryland                                   11.9         12.7
  West Virginia                               9.7          5.3
  Virginia                                    8.5          2.5
  Ohio                                                     2.1
                                             52.8         47.8
Other                                         4.3          6.2
                                           $129.0       $157.6

*  Changes in revenues from fuel and energy cost adjustment       
   clauses have little effect on consolidated net income.

The increased kWh sales in 1994 reflect growth in both
residential and commercial customers and higher use by
commercial customers.  The 1994 residential use was down slightly
from 1993 levels reflecting a decrease in both
heating and cooling degree days.  The increased kWh sales to
residential and commercial customers in 1993
reflect both growth in number of customers and higher use. While
1993 heating degree days showed only a slight
increase over 1992, and were approximately normal, cooling degree
days increased 69% over 1992 and were 25% over
normal, contributing to the 1993 kWh sales increases.

Rate case decisions in almost all jurisdictions, representing
revenue increases in excess of $120 million on
an annual basis, were issued for the subsidiaries in 1994.  These
included recovery of the remaining carrying
charges on investment, depreciation, and all operating costs
required to comply with Phase I of the Clean Air
Act Amendments of 1990 (CAAA), and other increasing levels of
expense.  See Rate Matters on pages 7-9 for
further information on rate changes.

KWh sales to industrial customers increased 4.4% in 1994 and .3%
in 1993. The 1994 increase occurred in almost
all industrial groups, particularly coal mining (142
gigawatt-hours [GWh], 9.2%); paper, printing and publishing
(130 GWh, 24.9%); iron and steel (130 GWh, 3.8%); and chemical
customers (112 GWh, 5.0%).  The relatively flat
industrial sales growth in 1993 included one particular group,
coal mines staffed by union personnel, which
recorded reduced usage because of selective work stoppages by the
United Mine Workers of America (UMWA) for most
of the year prior to the settling of the dispute in December
1993.
KWh sales to and revenues from nonaffiliated utilities are
comprised of the following items:
                                      1994       1993       1992
KWh sales (in billions):
  From subsidiaries' generation        1.1        1.2        3.2
  From purchased power                 8.8       11.2       14.6
                                       9.9       12.4       17.8
Revenues (in millions):
  From subsidiaries'generation      $ 29.0     $ 28.5     $ 91.7
  From sales of purchased power      302.6      318.2      373.8
                                    $331.6     $346.7     $465.5
<PAGE>

                                                      M-2

Decreased sales to nonaffiliated utilities resulted primarily
from decreased demand and continuing price
competition. Sales supplied by subsidiaries' generation in 1994
continued at less than 15% of 1988 levels
because of continuing growth of kWh sales to retail customers,
which reduces the amount available for sale, and
because other suppliers were willing or able to make the sales at
lower prices. A significant factor affecting
the subsidiaries' ability to compete in the market for sales to
nonaffiliated utilities has been the approximate
290% increase (from about 67 cents per MWh to $2.60 per MWh) in taxes
on generation in West Virginia since March
1989--a significant cost not experienced by utilities not
generating in West Virginia. Further decreases in
these sales are anticipated. About 95% of the aggregate benefits
from sales to nonaffiliated utilities is passed
on to retail customers and has little effect on consolidated net
income.

The increase in other revenues in 1994 resulted from increased
revenues from wholesale customers. The decrease
in other revenues in 1993 resulted from an agreement with the
FERC to record in 1993 about $14 million of
revenues as sales to nonaffiliated utilities. Similar
transactions were recorded as other revenues in prior
years. About $46 million of other revenues in 1994 were derived
from wholesale customers regulated by the FERC
who have the ability to obtain their electricity requirements
from other suppliers.  In 1994, customers
representing about 40% of these revenues signed seven-year
contracts to remain as customers.  In the event that
the other customers were to select another supplier, the
subsidiaries would retain transmission revenues with
the result that any net income loss would not be significant.

OPERATING EXPENSES

Fuel expenses increased .5% in 1994 and decreased 4% in 1993,
both primarily due to changes in kWh generated.
Fuel expenses are primarily subject to deferred power cost
accounting procedures, as described in Note A to the
consolidated financial statements, with the result that changes
in fuel expenses have little effect on
consolidated net income.

"Purchased power and exchanges, net" represents power purchases
from and exchanges with other utilities and
qualified facilities under the Public Utility Regulatory Policies
Act of 1978 (PURPA) and is comprised of the
following items:
                                    1994       1993       1992
                                       (Millions of Dollars)      

Purchased power:
  For resale to other utilities   $267.1     $280.9     $344.0
  From PURPA generation            134.0      105.2       94.0
  Other                             40.4       33.8       12.7
    Total power purchased          441.5      419.9      450.7
Power exchanges, net                 (.6)      (2.5)        .7
                                  $440.9     $417.4     $451.4

The amount of power purchased from other utilities for use by
subsidiaries and for resale to other utilities
depends upon the availability of the subsidiaries' generating
equipment, transmission capacity, and fuel, and
their cost of generation and the cost of operations of other
utilities from which such purchases are made. The
primary reason for the fluctuations in purchases for resale to
other utilities is described under SALES AND
REVENUES above. The cost of power purchased for use by the
subsidiaries, including power from PURPA generation,
is mostly recovered from customers currently through the regular
fuel and energy cost recovery procedures
followed by the subsidiaries' regulatory commissions and is
primarily subject to deferred power cost procedures 
with the result that changes in such costs have little effect on
consolidated net income. The increases in
purchases from PURPA generation reflect additional generation
from new PURPA projects.  None of the
subsidiaries' purchased power contracts is capitalized since
there are no minimum payment requirements absent
associated kWh generation.  The 1993 increase in other purchased
power reflects efforts to conserve coal during
the UMWA dispute.  Other purchased power continued to increase in
1994 because of increased sales to retail
customers combined with generating unit outages in the first
quarter of 1994.

The increase in other operation expense in 1994 resulted
primarily from a decision to increase the allowances
for uncollectible accounts ($9 million), increases in salaries
and wages ($5 million) and employee benefit
costs, primarily pension expense ($6 million) and other
postretirement benefits ($3 million), and provisions
for environmental liabilities ($3 million).  Allowances for
uncollectible accounts were increased due to an
increase in aged outstanding receivables caused by customers
taking advantage of rate regulations which make
it difficult if not impossible to curtail service to non-paying
customers during the winter months.  In a
continuing effort to control salary and wage expenses and to
improve the overall efficiency of the Company in
a competitive environment, the Company has an ongoing program to
consolidate various related functions within
the subsidiaries.  The increase in pension expense occurred
because the subsidiaries in 1994 discontinued the
practice of deferring SFAS No. 87 pension expense in Pennsylvania
and West Virginia to reflect recent rate case
decisions in those states.  Pension expense in 1994 also includes
a charge of $3.1 million for write-off of
prior SFAS No. 87 deferrals in West Virginia because recovery of
those deferrals was denied in the most recent
rate cases.

During 1992, the subsidiaries implemented significant changes to
their benefits plans, including cost caps, in
an effort to both control and reduce employee benefits costs. 
The cost caps provide for future post-retirement
medical benefit costs to be capped at two times 1993 levels.
Approximately $1 million of the $3 million increase
in postretirement benefit expenses for 1994 was due to the 1993
cost cap being greater than actuarily projected.

The adoption of SFAS No. 106 in 1993 increased 1993
postretirement benefit expense by approximately $5 million.
The increase in other operation expense for 1993 resulted
primarily from increases in employee benefit costs
and  salaries and wages. 

Another FASB standard, SFAS No. 112, "Employers' Accounting for
Postemployment Benefits", effective in 1994,
requires companies to accrue for other postemployment benefits
such as disability benefits, health care benefits
<PAGE>
                                                      M-3

for disabled employees, severance pay, and workers' compensation
claims.  The subsidiaries currently accrue for
workers' compensation claims, and the estimated liability for the
other benefits is not material.

Maintenance expenses represent costs incurred to maintain the power stations,
the transmission and distribution (T&D)
system, and general plant, and reflect routine maintenance of
equipment and rights-of-way as well as planned
major repairs and unplanned expenditures, primarily from forced
outages at the power stations and periodic storm
damage on the T&D system. The subsidiaries are also experiencing,
and expect to continue to experience,
increased expenditures due to the aging of their power stations.
Variations in maintenance expense result
primarily from unplanned events and planned major projects, which
vary in timing and magnitude depending upon
the length of time equipment has been in service without a major
overhaul, the amount of work found necessary
when the equipment is dismantled, and outage requirements to
comply with the CAAA. Maintenance expense in 1993
includes the effects of an ice storm and blizzard in March 1993. 

Depreciation expense increases resulted primarily from additions
to electric plant. On November 16, 1994, the
subsidiaries declared the Harrison scrubbers available for
service and started depreciation on them amounting
to $32 million annually.

Taxes other than income increased $4 million in 1994 primarily
due to increases in gross receipts taxes
resulting from higher revenues from retail customers. The 1993
increase ($4 million) resulted from increases
in gross receipts taxes ($5 million) and increased property taxes
($2 million) offset by decreased 
West Virginia Business and Occupation taxes due to decreased
generation in that state.

The net increase of $2 million in federal and state income taxes
in 1994 resulted primarily from an increase
in income before taxes. The net increase in 1993 of $13 million
resulted primarily from an increase in income
before taxes ($9 million) and an increase in the tax due to the
Revenue Reconciliation Act of 1993 ($3 million).
Note B to the consolidated financial statements provides a
further analysis of income tax expenses. 

The 1994 combined decrease of $2 million in allowances for funds
used during construction (AFUDC), as well as
the 1993 combined increase of $4 million, reflect variations in
construction expenditures including those
associated with the CAAA, net of CAAA amounts included in rate
base and earning a cash return. Future levels
of AFUDC can be expected to decrease upon substantial completion
of Phase I of the CAAA compliance program.
Other income and deductions in 1994 reflect the write-off of $5.3
million net of income taxes of previously
accumulated costs related to future facilities which are no
longer considered meaningful in the industry's more
competitive environment. Fluctuations in other income, net, were
individually insignificant. Other interest
expense reflects changes in the levels of short-term debt
maintained by the companies throughout the year, as
well as the associated interest rates.

The increase in dividends on preferred stock of the subsidiaries
reflects the issuance in May 1994 of $50
million of preferred stock with a dividend rate of $7.73 per
share.


LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

SEC regulations define "liquidity" as "the ability of an
enterprise to generate adequate amounts of cash to meet
the enterprise's need for cash". System companies need cash for
operating expenses, the payment of interest and
dividends, retirement of debt and certain preferred stocks, and
for their construction programs. To meet these
needs, the companies have used internally generated funds and
external financings, such as the sale of common
and preferred stock, debt instruments, installment loans, and
lease arrangements. The timing and amount of
external financings depend primarily upon economic and financial
market conditions, the companies' cash needs,
and capitalization ratio objectives. The availability and cost of
external financing depend upon the financial
health of the companies seeking those funds.

CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS

Construction expenditures for 1994 were $508 million and for 1995
and 1996 are estimated at $341 million and
$284 million, respectively.  These estimates include $61 million
and $7 million, respectively, for substantial
completion of the program of complying with Phase I of the CAAA
discussed under ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS on page
10.  Annual construction expenditures through 1998 are not
expected to significantly exceed 1995 estimated
levels. Construction expenditure levels in 1999 and beyond will
depend upon the strategy eventually selected
for complying with Phase II of the CAAA, as well as future
generation requirements.

The Harrison Scrubber Project was completed on schedule and the
final cost was approximately 24% below the
original budget.  Primary factors contributing to the reduced
cost include: (1) the absence of any major
construction problems, (2) financing and material and equipment
costs lower than expected, and (3) favorable
rulings of state commissions allowing the inclusion of carrying
costs of construction in rates in lieu of AFUDC.
The possibility of new legislation which could restrict or
discourage carbon dioxide emissions, either through
taxation or caps, further complicates the CAAA Phase II planning
process.  The subsidiaries have additional
capital requirements of an annual preferred stock sinking fund
($1.2 million) and debt maturities (see Note H
to the consolidated financial statements).

In a further effort to meet the challenges of the new competitive
environment in the industry, AYP Capital,
Inc., an unregulated wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, was
formed.  It is intended that AYP Capital
operate as an innovative and flexible organization, pursuing and
developing new opportunities in unregulated
markets that will strengthen the long-term competitiveness and
profitability of the System.  The Company has
been authorized by the SEC to purchase common stock of and make
capital contributions to AYP Capital in the
amount of $3 million.

INTERNAL CASH FLOWS

Internal generation of cash, consisting of cash flows from
operations reduced by dividends, was $246 million
in 1994 compared with $270 million in 1993. In 1994 the
subsidiaries financed approximately 48% of their capital
expenditure program through internal cash generation. Based upon
the new rate case authorizations received in
1994, it is expected that close to 100% of the capital
expenditure program can be financed through internal 
cash generation in 1995.

The increase in other investments reflects the 1994 cash
surrender values for secured benefit plans and a
related prepayment. Materials and supplies, primarily fuel,
constituted a significant use of cash in 1994 ($21
million).  A new five-year National Bituminous Coal Wage
Agreement was signed with the union in December 1993. 
<PAGE>

                                                      M-4

System coal inventory declined during the renegotiations due to
selective mine shutdowns, and has returned to
a more appropriate level.  December 1992 levels reflected
increases to provide for an adequate coal supply in
the event of a strike.

FINANCINGS

During 1994, the Company issued 1,629,372 shares of common stock
under its Dividend Reinvestment and Stock
Purchase Plan (DRISP), and Employee Stock Ownership and Savings
Plan (ESOSP) for $35.0 million. During 1994,
the subsidiaries issued an aggregate of $140 million of first
mortgage bonds having interest rates of 8% to
8.125%, an aggregate of $35 million of tax-exempt solid waste
disposal notes to Harrison County, West Virginia,
and $50 million of $7.73 preferred stock.  Debt redemption costs
are amortized over the life of the associated
new bonds.  Due to the significant number of refinancings which
have occurred over the past three years, this
balance is now about $41 million. Reduced future interest expense
will more than offset these expenses. 

Short-term debt is used to meet temporary cash needs until the
timing is considered appropriate to issue
long-term securities. Short-term debt decreased $3.8 million to
$126.8 million in 1994. In 1992, the Company and its subsidiaries established 
an internal money pool whereby surplus funds of the
Company and certain subsidiaries may be borrowed on a short-term
basis by the Company's subsidiaries. This has
contributed to the continued low temporary cash investment
amounts.

At December 31, 1994, unused lines of credit with banks were $202
million. In addition, a multi-year credit
program established in January 1994 provides the subsidiaries
with the ability to borrow on a standby revolving
credit basis up to $300 million. After the initial three-year
term, the program agreement provides that the
maturity date may be extended in one-year increments. There were
no borrowings under this facility in 1994.
During 1995, the subsidiaries have no current plans to issue new
securities; however, if economic and market
conditions make it desirable, they may refinance up to $783
million of first mortgage bonds, preferred stock,
and pollution control revenue notes. The subsidiaries may also
engage in additional Harrison County tax-exempt
solid waste disposal financings to the extent that funds and
qualified properties are available. The Company
plans to continue DRISP/ESOSP common stock sales.

The subsidiaries anticipate that they will be able to meet their
future cash needs through internal cash
generation and external financings, as they have in the past, and
possibly through alternative financing
procedures.

ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS AND OTHER CONTINGENCIES

In the normal course of business, the subsidiaries are subject to
various contingencies and uncertainties
relating to their operations and construction programs, including
cost recovery in the regulatory process, laws,
regulations and uncertainties related to environmental matters,
and legal actions. Contingencies and
uncertainties related to the CAAA are discussed above and under
Note J to the consolidated financial statements.
The subsidiaries previously reported that the Environmental
Protection Agency (EPA) had identified them and
approximately 875 others as potentially responsible parties in a
Superfund site subject to cleanup.  A Remedial
Investigation/Feasibility Study prepared by the EPA indicates
remedial alternatives which range as high as $113
million, to be shared by all responsible parties.  The EPA has
not yet selected which remedial alternatives it
will use.  The subsidiaries believe they have defenses to
allegations of liability and intend to vigorously
defend this matter.  Although it is not possible at this time to
determine what costs, if any, the subsidiaries
may incur, they have recorded provisions for liabilities based on
the range of remediation cost estimates and
their relative participation, along with the approximately 875
others.  The subsidiaries believe that provisions
for liabilities and insurance recoveries are such that final
resolution of this matter will not have a material
effect on their financial position.

Monongahela has been named as a defendant along with multiple
other defendants in 1,625 pending asbestos cases
involving one or more plaintiffs; Monongahela, Potomac Edison,
and West Penn have been named as defendants along
with multiple other defendants in an additional 716 cases by one
or more plaintiffs.  Because these cases are
filed by "shotgun" complaints naming many plaintiffs and many
defendants, it is currently impossible to
determine the actual number of claims against the subsidiaries. 
However, based on past experience and data
available to date, it is estimated that less than 500 cases
actually involve claims against any or all of the
subsidiaries.  All complaints allege that the plaintiffs
sustained unspecified injuries resulting from claimed
exposure to asbestos in various generating plants and other
industrial facilities operated by the various
defendants, although all plaintiffs do not claim exposure at
facilities operated by all defendants.  All
plaintiffs claiming exposure at subsidiary-operated stations were
employed by third-party contractors, with the
exception of three known plaintiffs who claim to have been
employees of Monongahela.  Each plaintiff generally
seeks compensatory and punitive damages against all defendants in
amounts of up to $1 million and $3 million,
respectively; in those cases that include a spousal claim for
loss of consortium, damages are generally sought
against all defendants in an amount of up to an additional $1
million.  Because of the multiple defendants, the
subsidiaries believe their potential liability is a very small
percentage of the total amount of the damages
sought.  A total of 94 cases have been previously settled by
Monongahela for an amount substantially less than
the anticipated cost of defense.  

The subsidiaries believe that the remaining cases involving them
are without merit and that provisions for
liabilities and insurance recoveries are such that these suits
will not have a material effect on their
financial position.
<PAGE>

                                                      M-5
Monongahela

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS
Net Income
  Net income was $67.9 million in 1994, including $7.9 million of
non-recurring income from the cumulative effect of an accounting
change to record unbilled revenues. Net income was $61.7 million
and $58.3 million in 1993 and 1992, respectively. Net income in
1994 and 1993 continue to reflect increases in revenues from
retail customers resulting from increased kWh sales and retail
rate increases. The decrease in 1994 income before the accounting
change resulted primarily from higher expenses, including taxes,
pension expense, and depreciation.
  The subject of competition for customers, particularly
industrial customers, has been receiving a lot of attention. In
1994 the Ohio commission started a proceeding described as an
informal roundtable discussion into the subject, which is still
in progress. This process is not expected to result in
immediately meaningful changes in current relations with our
customers. All customers, except wholesale customers regulated by
the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC), continue to be
required to purchase their electricity requirements from the
utility in whose franchised territory they reside. This is not to
say that competition does not exist. Utilities continue to
compete for the siting of new industrial and commercial
customers, to retain existing customers in the franchised
territory, and, for those businesses with multiple plants in
multiple territories, to maintain or shift their production to
local facilities. As in the past, electric utilities continue to
compete with suppliers of other forms of energy. Because the
Company is among the lowest cost suppliers of electricity in its
region, it should not experience the competitive concerns of
other utilities who use cost-based pricing. However, the Company
continues to face competition from utilities with excess
generation that are willing to sell at prices intended only to
recover variable costs.

Sales and Revenues
  KWh sales to and revenues from residential, commercial, and
industrial customers are shown on pages 16 and 17. Such kWh sales
increased 3.2% and .3% in 1994 and 1993, respectively. The
increases in revenues from sales to residential, commercial, and
industrial customers resulted from the following:

                                  Increase from Prior Year

                                    1994           1993
                                    (Millions of Dollars)
  Increased kWh sales               $ 3.8          $ 6.6
  Fuel and energy cost 
   adjustment clauses*               13.0           11.8
  Rate increases:
    West Virginia                     7.9            4.1
    Ohio                                             2.1
                                      7.9            6.2
  Other                               1.0             .2
                                    $25.7          $24.8

* Changes in revenues from fuel and energy cost adjustment
clauses have little effect on net income.
<PAGE>
                                                      M-6

  The increased kWh sales in 1994 reflect growth in both
residential and commercial customers. The 1994 residential use
was down slightly from 1993 levels reflecting a decrease in both
heating and cooling degree days. The increased kWh sales to
residential and commercial customers in 1993 reflect both growth
in number of customers and higher use. While 1993 heating degree
days showed only a slight increase over 1992, and were only 6%
above normal, cooling degree days increased 54% over 1992,
contributing to the 1993 kWh sales increase.

  Rate case decisions in West Virginia and by the FERC for
wholesale customers, representing revenue increases in excess of
$30 million on an annual basis, were issued for the Company in
1994. These included recovery of the remaining carrying charges
on investment, depreciation, and all operating costs required to
comply with Phase I of the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990
(CAAA), and other increasing levels of expense.
  KWh sales to industrial customers increased 6.1% in 1994 and
decreased 4.4% in 1993. The 1994 increase occurred primarily from
coal mining (128 gigawatt-hours [GWh], 16.1%); chemical (91 GWh,
5.3%); and primary metals customers (77 GWh, 8.3%). The increase
in sales to primary metals customers was due in part to the
discontinuance of one customer's use of its own generation, which
contributed to 1993 decreased sales. The 1993 decrease also
reflects a decline in sales to coal customers. Coal mines staffed
by union personnel recorded reduced usage because of selective
work stoppages by the United Mine Workers of America (UMWA) for
most of the year prior to the settling of the dispute in December
1993.
  KWh sales to and revenues from nonaffiliated utilities are
comprised of the following items:

                                 1994              1993            1992
KWh sales (in billions):
  From Company generation          .3                 .3            1.0
  From purchased power            2.1                2.8            3.6
                                  2.4                3.1            4.6
Revenues (in millions):
  From Company generation       $ 7.7              $ 8.4         $ 26.7
  From sales of purchased power  72.0               77.6           92.9
                                $79.7              $86.0         $119.6

  Decreased sales to nonaffiliated utilities resulted primarily
from decreased demand and continuing price competition. Sales
supplied by the Company's generation in 1994 continued at less
than 15% of 1988 levels because of growth of kWh sales to retail
customers, which reduces the amount available for sale, and
because other suppliers were willing or able to make the sales at
lower prices. A significant factor affecting the Company's
ability to compete in the market for sales to nonaffiliated
utilities has been the approximate 290% increase (from about 67
cents per MWh to $2.60 per MWh) in taxes on generation in West
Virginia since March 1989 a significant cost not experienced
by utilities not generating in West Virginia. Further decreases
in these sales are anticipated.
<PAGE>
                                                      M-7

  The increase in other revenues in 1994 and 1993 resulted from
continued increases in sales of capacity, energy, and spinning
reserve to other affiliated companies because of additional
capacity and energy available from qualified facilities under the
Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (PURPA). This
increase was offset in part in 1993 by an agreement with the FERC
to record in 1993 about $3 million of revenues as sales to
nonaffiliated utilities. Similar transactions were recorded as
other revenues in prior years. About 90% of the aggregate
benefits from sales to affiliated and nonaffiliated utilities is
passed on to retail customers and has little effect on net
income. About $4 million of other revenues in 1994 were derived
from wholesale customers regulated by the FERC who have the
ability to obtain their electricity requirements from other
suppliers. In the event that these customers were to select
another supplier, the Company would retain transmission revenues
with the result that any net income loss would not be
significant.

Operating Expenses
  Fuel expenses increased 4% in 1994 and decreased 3% in 1993,
both primarily due to changes in kWh generated. Fuel expenses are
primarily subject to deferred power cost accounting procedures,
as described in Note A to the financial statements, with the
result that changes in fuel expenses have little effect on net
income.
  "Purchased power and exchanges, net" represents power purchases
from and exchanges with nonaffiliated utilities and qualified
facilities under PURPA, capacity charges paid to Allegheny
Generating Company (AGC), and other transactions with affiliates
made pursuant to a power supply agreement whereby each company
uses the most economical generation available in the System at
any given time, and is comprised of the following items:

                                         1994      1993       1992
                                            (Millions of Dollars)
Nonaffiliated transactions:
  Purchased power:
    For resale to other utilities        $ 63.7    $ 68.6     $ 85.5
    From PURPA generation                  68.3      55.7       37.4
    Other                                   9.4       8.1        3.1
    Power exchanges, net                    (.2)      (.6)        .3
Affiliated transactions:
  AGC capacity charges                     20.1      23.3       24.2
  Energy and spinning reserve charges        .5        .5        2.8
                                         $161.8    $155.6     $153.3

  The amount of power purchased from nonaffiliated utilities for
use by the Company and for resale to nonaffiliated utilities
depends upon the availability of the Company's generating
equipment, transmission capacity, and fuel, and its cost of
generation and the cost of operations of nonaffiliated utilities
from which such purchases are made. The primary reason for the
fluctuations in purchases for resale to nonaffiliated utilities
is described under Sales and Revenues above. The cost of power
and capacity purchased for use by the Company, including power
from PURPA generation and affiliated transactions, is mostly
recovered from customers currently through the regular fuel and 
<PAGE>
                                                      M-8

energy cost recovery procedures followed by the Company's
regulatory commissions and is primarily subject to deferred power
cost procedures with the result that changes in such costs have
little effect on net income. The increases in purchases from
PURPA generation reflects additional generation from new PURPA
projects. None of the Company's purchased power contracts is
capitalized since there are no minimum payment requirements
absent associated kWh generation. The 1993 increase in other
purchased power reflects efforts to conserve coal during the UMWA
dispute. Other purchased power continued to increase in 1994
because of increased sales to retail customers combined with
generating unit outages in the first quarter of 1994. Energy and
spinning reserve charges decreased in 1993 primarily because of
additional generation available from PURPA projects.
  The increase in other operation expense in 1994 resulted
primarily from increases in pension expense ($4 million),
allowance for uncollectible accounts ($1 million), and salaries
and wages ($1 million). The increase in pension expense occurred
because the Company in 1994 discontinued the practice of
deferring SFAS No. 87 pension expense in West Virginia to reflect
the recent rate case decision. Pension expense in 1994 also
includes a charge of $2.5 million for write-off of prior SFAS No.
87 deferrals in West Virginia because recovery of those deferrals
was denied in the most recent rate case. In a continuing effort
to control salary and wage expenses and to improve the overall
efficiency of the Company in a competitive environment, the
Allegheny Power System has an ongoing program to consolidate
various related functions within the System.
  The increase in other operation expense for 1993 resulted
primarily from increases in salaries and wages and employee
benefit costs. During 1992, the Company implemented significant
changes to its benefits plans, including cost caps, in an effort
to both control and reduce employee benefit costs. The cost caps
provide for future postretirement medical benefit costs to be
capped at two times 1993 levels. The adoption of SFAS No. 106 in
1993 increased 1993 postretirement benefit expense by
approximately $2 million.
  Another FASB standard, SFAS No. 112, "Employers' Accounting for
Postemployment Benefits", effective in 1994, requires companies
to accrue for other postemployment benefits such as disability
benefits, health care benefits for disabled employees, severance
pay, and workers' compensation claims. The Company currently
accrues for workers' compensation claims, and the estimated
liability for the other benefits is not material.
  Maintenance expenses represent costs incurred to maintain the
power stations, the transmission and distribution (T&D) system,
and general plant, and reflect routine maintenance of equipment 
<PAGE>

                                                      M-9

and rights-of-way as well as planned major repairs and unplanned
expenditures, primarily from forced outages at the power stations
and periodic storm damage on the T&D system. In early January
1994, the Company experienced the worst storm in its history. The
expenses were deferred and are being amortized over a five-year
period beginning in November 1994, concurrent with recovery from
customers. The Company is also experiencing, and expects to
continue to experience, increased expenditures due to the aging
of its power stations. Variations in maintenance expense result
primarily from unplanned events and planned major projects, which
vary in timing and magnitude depending upon the length of time
equipment has been in service without a major overhaul, the
amount of work found necessary when the equipment is dismantled,
and outage requirements to comply with the CAAA.
  Depreciation expense increases resulted primarily from
additions to electric plant. On November 16, 1994, the Company
declared the Harrison scrubbers available for service and started
depreciation on them amounting to $8 million annually. The 1994
depreciation expense increase was offset in part by a decrease in
depreciation rates in West Virginia of about $7 million annually
effective in November 1994, concurrent with the base rate
increase. A further reduction of about $4 million annually
effective in January 1996, will result in depreciation rates for
the Company which are comparable to those of other electric
utilities, particularly those providing service in West Virginia.
  Taxes other than income increased $6 million in 1994 primarily
due to an increase in West Virginia Business and Occupation taxes
resulting from prior period adjustments recorded in 1993 and
1992. The 1993 increase ($1 million) was due primarily to
increases in gross receipts taxes resulting from higher revenues
from retail customers.
  The net decrease of $3 million in federal and state income
taxes in 1994 resulted primarily from a decrease in income before
taxes ($2 million) and the reversal of a provision for prior
years which is no longer needed ($2 million). The net increase in
1993 of $6 million resulted primarily from an increase in income
before taxes ($4 million), and an increase in the tax rate due to
the Revenue Reconciliation Act of 1993 ($1 million). Note B to
the financial statements provides a further analysis of income
tax expenses.
  The 1994 combined decrease of $3 million in allowances for
funds used during construction (AFUDC), as well as the 1993
combined increase of $2 million, reflect variations in
construction expenditures including those associated with the
CAAA, net of CAAA amounts included in rate base and earning a
cash return. Future levels of AFUDC can be expected to decrease
upon substantial completion of Phase I of the CAAA compliance
program. The changes in other income, net, in 1994 and 1993
resulted primarily from the Company's share of earnings of AGC
(see Note D to the financial statements). Other fluctuations in
other income, net, were individually insignificant. Other
interest expense reflects changes in the levels of short-term
debt maintained by the Company throughout the year, as well as
the associated interest rates.

Liquidity and Capital Resources
  SEC regulations define "liquidity" as "the ability of an
enterprise to generate adequate amounts of cash to meet the
enterprise's need for cash". The Company needs cash for operating
expenses, the payment of interest and dividends, retirement of
debt, and for its construction program. To meet these needs, the
Company has used internally generated funds and external
financings, such as the sale of common and preferred stock, debt
instruments, installment loans, and lease arrangements. The
timing and amount of external financings depend primarily upon
economic and financial market conditions, the Company's cash
needs, and capitalization ratio objectives. The availability and
cost of external financing depend upon the financial health of
the companies seeking those funds.

Capital Requirements 

Construction expenditures for 1994 were $104 million and for 1995
and 1996 are estimated at $74 million and $70 million,
respectively. These estimates include $11 million and $2 million,
respectively, for substantial completion of the program of
complying with Phase I of the CAAA. Annual construction
expenditures through 1998, on average, are not expected to
significantly exceed 1995 estimated levels. Construction
expenditure levels in 1999 and beyond will depend upon the
strategy eventually selected for complying with Phase II of the
CAAA, as well as future generation requirements.
  The Harrison Scrubber Project was completed on schedule and the
final cost was approximately 24% below the original budget.
Primary factors contributing to the reduced cost include: (1) the
absence of any major construction problems, (2) financing and
material and equipment costs lower than expected, and (3)
favorable rulings of state commissions allowing the inclusion of
carrying costs of construction in rates in lieu of AFUDC. The
possibility of new legislation which could restrict or discourage
carbon dioxide emissions, either through taxation or caps,
further complicates the CAAA Phase II planning process. The
Company has additional capital requirements of debt maturities
(see Note I to the financial statements).

Internal Cash Flows
  Internal generation of cash, consisting of cash flows from
operations reduced by dividends, was $67 million in 1994 compared
with $69 million in 1993. In 1994 the Company financed 
<PAGE>
                                                     M-10

approximately 64% of its capital expenditure program through
internal cash generation. Based upon the new rate case
authorizations received in 1994 and an Ohio rate case filed in
January 1995, it is expected that close to 100% of the capital
expenditure program can be financed through internal cash
generation in 1995.
  Materials and supplies, primarily fuel, constituted a
significant use of cash in 1994 ($6 million). A new five-year
National Bituminous Coal Wage Agreement was signed with the union
in December 1993. System coal inventory declined during the
renegotiations due to selective mine shutdowns, and has returned
to a more appropriate level. December 1992 levels reflected
increases to provide for an adequate coal supply in the event of
a strike.

Financings

During 1994, the Company issued $50 million of $7.73 preferred stock and $8.83 
million of tax-exempt solid waste disposal notes to Harrison County, West 
Virginia. Due to the significant number of refinancings which have occurred 
over the past three years, the balance of debt redemption costs is now
about $11 million. These costs are being amortized over the life
of the associated new bonds. Reduced future interest expense will
more than offset these expenses.
  Short-term debt is used to meet temporary cash needs until the
timing is considered appropriate to issue long-term securities.
Short-term debt, including notes payable to affiliates under the
money pool, decreased $23.6 million to $39.5 million in 1994. In
1992, the Company and its affiliates established an internal
money pool as a facility to accommodate intercompany short-term
borrowing needs, to the extent that certain of the companies have
funds available. The internal money pool has contributed to the
continued low temporary cash investment amounts.
  At December 31, 1994, the Company had SEC authorization to
issue up to $100 million of short-term debt. In addition, a
multi-year credit program established in January 1994 provides
the Company with the ability to borrow on a standby revolving
credit basis up to $81 million. After the initial three-year
term, the program agreement provides that the maturity date may
be extended in one-year increments. There were no borrowings
under this facility in 1994. During 1995, the Company has no
current plans to issue new securities; however, if economic and
market conditions make it desirable, it may refinance up to $300
million of first mortgage bonds, preferred stock, and pollution
control revenue notes. The Company may also engage in additional
Harrison County tax-exempt solid waste disposal financings to the
extent that funds and qualified properties are available.
<PAGE>
                                                     M-11

  The Company anticipates that it will be able to meet its future
cash needs through internal cash generation and external
financings, as it has in the past, and possibly through
alternative financing procedures.

Environmental Matters and Other Contingencies
  In the normal course of business, the Company is subject to
various contingencies and uncertainties relating to its
operations and construction programs, including cost recovery in
the regulatory process, laws, regulations and uncertainties
related to environmental matters, and legal actions.
Contingencies and uncertainties related to the CAAA are discussed
above and under Note K to the financial statements.
  The Company previously reported that the Environmental
Protection Agency (EPA) had identified it and its affiliates and
approximately 875 others as potentially responsible parties in a
Superfund site subject to cleanup. A Remedial
Investigation/Feasibility Study prepared by the EPA indicates
remedial alternatives which range as high as $113 million, to be
shared by all responsible parties. The EPA has not yet selected
which remedial alternatives it will use. The Company believes it
has defenses to allegations of liability and intends to
vigorously defend this matter. Although it is not possible at
this time to determine what costs, if any, the Company may incur,
it has recorded provisions for liabilities based on the range of
remediation cost estimates and its relative participation, along
with the approximately 875 others. The Company believes that
provisions for liabilities and insurance recoveries are such that
final resolution of this matter will not have a material effect
on its financial position.
  The Company has been named as a defendant along with multiple
other defendants in 1,625 pending asbestos cases involving one or
more plaintiffs, and the Company and its affiliates have been
named as defendants along with multiple other defendants in an
additional 716 cases by one or more plaintiffs. Because these
cases are filed by "shotgun" complaints naming many plaintiffs
and many defendants, it is currently impossible to determine the
actual number of claims against the Company and its affiliates.
However, based on past experience and data available to date, it
is estimated that less than 500 cases actually involve claims
against the Company or its affiliates. All complaints allege that
the plaintiffs sustained unspecified injuries resulting from
claimed exposure to asbestos in various generating plants and
other industrial facilities operated by the various defendants,
although all plaintiffs do not claim exposure at facilities
operated by all defendants. All plaintiffs claiming exposure at 
<PAGE>
                                                     M-12

System-operated stations were employed by third-party
contractors, with the exception of three known plaintiffs who
claim to have been employees of the Company. Each plaintiff
generally seeks compensatory and punitive damages against all
defendants in amounts of up to $1 million and $3 million,
respectively; in those cases that include a spousal claim for
loss of consortium, damages are generally sought against all
defendants in an amount of up to an additional $1 million.
Because of the multiple defendants, the Company believes its
potential liability is a very small percentage of the total
amount of the damages sought. A total of 94 cases have been
previously settled by the Company for an amount substantially
less than the anticipated cost of defense. The Company believes
that the remaining cases involving it are also without merit and
that provisions for liabilities and insurance recoveries are such
that these suits will not have a material effect on its financial
position.
<PAGE>
                                                     M-13

Potomac Edison

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS
Net Income
  Net income was $98.5 million in 1994, including $16.5 million
of non-recurring income from the cumulative effect of an
accounting change to record unbilled revenues. Net income was
$73.5 million and $67.5 million in 1993 and 1992, respectively.
The 1994 and 1993 increases in net income resulted primarily from
kWh sales and retail rate increases. These revenue increases, in
both years, were offset in part by higher expenses.
  The subject of competition for customers, particularly
industrial customers, has been receiving a lot of attention. In
1994 the Maryland commission started a proceeding described as an
inquiry into the subject, which is still in progress. The inquiry
is not expected to result in immediately meaningful changes in
current relations with our customers. All customers, except
wholesale customers regulated by the Federal Energy Regulatory
Commission (FERC), continue to be required to purchase their
electricity requirements from the utility in whose franchised
territory they reside. This is not to say that competition does
not exist. Utilities continue to compete for the siting of new
industrial and commercial customers, to retain existing customers
in the franchised territory, and, for those businesses with
multiple plants in multiple territories, to maintain or shift
their production to local facilities. As in the past, electric
utilities continue to compete with suppliers of other forms of
energy. Because the Company is the lowest or among the lowest
cost suppliers of electricity in its region, it should not
experience the competitive concerns of other utilities who use
cost-based pricing. However, the Company continues to face
competition from utilities with excess generation that are
willing to sell at prices intended only to recover variable
costs.

Sales and Revenues
  KWh sales to and revenues from residential, commercial, and
industrial customers are shown on pages 16 and 17. Such kWh sales
increased 2.3% and 6.3% in 1994 and 1993, respectively. The
increases in revenues from sales to residential, commercial, and
industrial customers resulted from the following:
                                                 Increase from Prior Year
                                                   1994            1993
                                                   (Millions of Dollars)
Increased kWh sales                                $10.3           $24.4
Fuel and energy cost adjustment clauses*            18.6            19.1
Rate increases:
  Maryland                                          11.9            12.7
  Virginia                                           8.5             2.5
  West Virginia                                      1.9             1.1
                                                    22.3            16.3
  Other                                              1.0             2.9
                                                   $52.2           $62.7
* Changes in revenues from fuel and energy cost adjustment 
clauses have little effect on net income.
<PAGE>
                                                     M-14

  The increased kWh sales in 1994 reflect growth in the number of
customers and higher use by industrial customers. The 1994
residential use was down slightly from 1993 levels reflecting a
decrease in both heating and cooling degree days. The increased
kWh sales to residential and commercial customers in 1993 reflect
both higher use and growth in number of customers. While 1993
heating degree days showed only a slight increase over 1992, and
were only 7% above normal, cooling degree days increased 82% over
1992 and were 12% over normal, contributing to the 1993 kWh sales
increases.
  Rate case decisions in all retail jurisdictions, representing
revenue increases in excess of $33 million on an annual basis,
were issued for the Company in 1994. These included recovery of
the remaining carrying charges on investment, depreciation, and
all operating costs required to comply with Phase I of the Clean
Air Act Amendments of 1990 (CAAA), and other increasing levels of
expense.
  KWh sales to industrial customers increased 2.8% in 1994 and
4.3% in 1993. The increase in both years occurred in almost all
industrial groups, the most significant of which in 1994 was from
rubber and plastics customers (61 gigawatt-hours [GWh], 22%) and
in 1993 was from cement customers (59 GWh, 12%).
  KWh sales to and revenues from nonaffiliated utilities are
comprised of the following items:

                                 1994              1993            1992
KWh sales (in billions):
  From Company generation            .3                 .4            1.0
  From purchased power              2.9                3.5            4.4
                                    3.2                3.9            5.4
Revenues (in millions):
  From Company generation        $  8.9             $  8.6         $ 27.5
  From sales of purchased power    98.1               99.5          113.6
                                 $107.0             $108.1         $141.1

  Decreased sales to nonaffiliated utilities resulted primarily
from decreased demand and continuing price competition. Sales
supplied by the Company's generation in 1994 continued at less
than 15% of 1988 levels because of continuing growth of kWh sales
to retail customers, which reduces the amount available for sale,
and because other suppliers were willing or able to make the
sales at lower prices. A significant factor affecting the
Company's ability to compete in the market for sales to
nonaffiliated utilities has been the approximate 290% increase
(from about 67 cents MWh to $2.60 per MWh) in taxes on generation
in West Virginia since March 1989 - a significant cost not
experienced by utilities not generating in West Virginia. Further
decreases in these sales are anticipated. About 95% of the
aggregate benefits from sales to nonaffiliated utilities is
passed on to retail customers and has little effect on net
income.
<PAGE>
                                                     M-15

  The decrease in other revenues in 1994 resulted from provisions
for rate refunds recorded in 1994 for the 1993 and 1994 Virginia
base rate increase requests, collected from customers subject to
refund. A final order for the 1993 case has been received and
refunds will be made to customers in early 1995. Commission
approval of a settlement agreement for the 1994 request is
pending. About $23 million of other revenues in 1994 were derived
from wholesale customers regulated by the FERC who have the
ability to obtain their electricity requirements from other
suppliers. In the event that these customers were to select
another supplier, the Company would retain transmission service
revenues.
  The decrease in other revenues in 1993 resulted from an
agreement with the FERC to record in 1993 about $4 million of
revenues as sales to nonaffiliated utilities. Similar
transactions were recorded as other revenues in prior years.

Operating Expenses
  Fuel expenses increased 1% in 1994 and decreased 4% in 1993,
both primarily due to changes in kWh generated. Fuel expenses are
primarily subject to deferred power cost accounting procedures,
as described in Note A to the financial statements, with the
result that changes in fuel expenses have little effect on net
income.   "Purchased power and exchanges, net" represents power
purchases from and exchanges with nonaffiliated utilities,
capacity charges paid to Allegheny Generating Company (AGC), and
other transactions with affiliates made pursuant to a power
supply agreement whereby each company uses the most economical
generation available in the System at any given time, and is
comprised of the following items:
                                 1994              1993            1992
                                         (Millions of Dollars)
Nonaffiliated transactions:
  Purchased power:
    For resale to other
      utilities                  $ 86.5            $ 87.9          $104.6
    Other                          12.7              10.5             3.7
    Power exchanges, net            (.2)              (.8)             .2
Affiliated transactions:
  AGC capacity charges             29.4              28.0            29.6
  Other affiliated capacity
    charges                        37.6              28.4            21.9
  Energy and spinning reserve
    charges                        51.1              51.1            41.2
                                 $217.1            $205.1          $201.2

  The amount of power purchased from nonaffiliated utilities for
use by the Company and for resale to nonaffiliated utilities
depends upon the availability of the Company's generating
equipment, transmission capacity, and fuel, and its cost of
generation and the cost of operations of nonaffiliated utilities
from which such purchases are made. The primary reason for the
fluctuations in purchases for resale to nonaffiliated utilities
is described under Sales and Revenues above. The cost of power
purchased from nonaffiliates for use by the Company, AGC capacity
charges in West Virginia, and affiliated energy and spinning
reserve charges are mostly recovered from customers currently
through the regular fuel and energy cost recovery procedures
followed by the Company's regulatory commissions and is primarily
<PAGE>
                                                     M-16

subject to deferred power cost procedures with the result that
changes in such costs have little effect on net income. The 1993
increase in other purchased power reflects efforts to conserve
coal because of selective work stoppages by the United Mine
Workers of America for most of the year. Other purchased power
continued to increase in 1994 because of increased sales to
retail customers combined with generating unit outages in the
first quarter of 1994.   While the Company does not currently
purchase generation from qualified facilities under the Public
Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (PURPA), several projects
have been proposed, and an agreement has been reached with one
facility to commence purchasing generation in 1999. This project
and others may significantly increase the cost of power purchases
passed on to customers. The increase in affiliated capacity in
1994 and 1993 and energy and spinning reserve charges in 1993 was
due to growth of kWh sales to retail customers and an increase in
affiliated energy available because of energy purchased by an
affiliate from PURPA projects.   The increase in other operation
expense in 1994 resulted primarily from demand-side management
program costs ($1 million) and cogeneration project expenses ($1
million), both of which are being recovered from customers,
provisions for environmental liabilities ($1 million), and
increases in affiliated company charges for transmission service
($2 million), salaries and wages ($1 million), and employee
benefit costs ($1 million), primarily pension expense and other
postretirement benefits. In a continuing effort to control salary
and wage expenses and to improve the overall efficiency of the
Company in a competitive environment, the Allegheny Power System
has an ongoing program to consolidate various related functions
within the System. The increase in pension expense occurred
because the Company in 1994 discontinued the practice of
deferring SFAS No. 87 pension expense in West Virginia to reflect
a recent rate case decision. Pension expense in 1994 also
includes a charge of $.9 million for write-off of prior SFAS No.
87 deferrals in Virginia and West Virginia because recovery of
those deferrals was denied in the most recent rate cases.
  During 1992, the Company implemented significant changes to its
benefits plans, including cost caps, in an effort to both control
and reduce employee benefits costs. The cost caps provide for
future postretirement medical benefit costs to be capped at two
times 1993 levels. Approximately $.6 million of the increase in
postretirement benefit expenses for 1994 was due to the 1993 cost
cap being greater than actuarily projected. The adoption of SFAS
No. 106 in 1993 increased 1993 postretirement benefit expense by
approximately $1.5 million. The increase in other operation
expense for 1993 resulted primarily from increases in employee
benefit costs and salaries and wages.
  Another FASB standard, SFAS No. 112, "Employers' Accounting for
Postemployment Benefits", effective in 1994, requires companies
to accrue for other postemployment benefits such as disability
benefits, healthcare benefits for disabled employees, severance 
<PAGE>
                                                     M-17

pay, and workers' compensation claims. The Company currently
accrues for workers' compensation claims, and the estimated
liability for the other benefits is not material.
  Maintenance expenses represent costs incurred to maintain the
power stations, the transmission and distribution (T&D) system,
and general plant, and reflect routine maintenance of equipment
and rights-of-way as well as planned major repairs and unplanned
expenditures, primarily from forced outages at the power stations
and periodic storm damage on the T&D system. The Company is also
experiencing, and expects to continue to experience, increased
expenditures due to the aging of its power stations. Variations
in maintenance expense result primarily from unplanned events and
planned major projects, which vary in timing and magnitude
depending upon the length of time equipment has been in service
without a major overhaul, the amount of work found necessary when
the equipment is dismantled, and outage requirements to comply
with the CAAA.
  Depreciation expense increases resulted primarily from
additions to electric plant. On November 16, 1994, the Company
declared the Harrison scrubbers available for service and started
depreciation on them amounting to $10 million annually.
  Taxes other than income increased $1 million in 1993 due to
increases in gross receipts taxes resulting from higher revenues
from retail customers ($1 million) and increased property taxes
($1 million), offset by decreased West Virginia Business and
Occupation taxes due to decreased generation in that state ($1
million).
  The net increase of $3 million in federal and state income
taxes in 1994 resulted primarily from an increase in income
before taxes.   The net increase in 1993 of $2 million in federal
and state income taxes resulted primarily from an increase in
income before taxes ($3 million) and an increase in the tax rate
due to the Revenue Reconciliation Act of 1993 ($1 million),
offset by plant removal tax deductions for which deferred taxes
were not provided ($1 million). Note B to the financial
statements provides a further analysis of income tax expenses.
  The 1994 combined decrease of $1 million in allowances for
funds used during construction (AFUDC), as well as the 1993
combined increase of $2 million, reflect variations in
construction expenditures including those associated with the
CAAA, net of CAAA amounts included in rate base and earning a
cash return. Future levels of AFUDC can be expected to decrease
upon substantial completion of Phase I of the CAAA compliance
program. The changes in other income, net, in 1994 and 1993
resulted primarily from the Company's share of earnings of AGC
(see Note D to the financial statements) and in 1994 also from
lost revenue and interest income for demand-side management
programs. Other fluctuations in other income, net, were
individually insignificant. Other interest expense reflects
changes in the levels of short-term debt maintained by the
Company throughout the year, as well as the associated interest
rates.
<PAGE>
                                                     M-18

Liquidity and Capital Resources
  SEC regulations define "liquidity" as "the ability of an
enterprise to generate adequate amounts of cash to meet the
enterprise's need for cash". The Company needs cash for operating
expenses, the payment of interest and dividends, retirement of
debt and certain preferred stock, and for its construction
program. To meet these needs, the Company has used internally
generated funds and external financings, such as the sale of
common and preferred stock, debt instruments, installment loans,
and lease arrangements. The timing and amount of external
financings depend primarily upon economic and financial market
conditions, the Company's cash needs, and capitalization ratio
objectives. The availability and cost of external financing
depend upon the financial health of the companies seeking those
funds.
  During 1994, the Company continued its participation in the
Collaborative Process for Demand-Side Management in Maryland.
Through December 31, 1994, the Company had received applications
for $16.1 million in rebates related to the commercial lighting
program. Program costs, including rebates and lost revenues, are
deferred and are to be recovered through an energy conservation
surcharge over a seven-year period.

Capital Requirements
  Construction expenditures for 1994 were $143 million and for
1995 and 1996 are estimated at $92 million and $98 million,
respectively. These estimates include $12 million and $5 million,
respectively, for substantial completion of the program of
complying with Phase I of the CAAA. Annual construction
expenditures through 1998, on average, are not expected to
significantly exceed 1995 estimated levels. Construction
expenditure levels in 1999 and beyond will depend upon the
strategy eventually selected for complying with Phase II of the
CAAA, as well as future generation requirements.
  The Harrison Scrubber Project was completed on schedule and the
final cost was approximately 24% below the original budget.
Primary factors contributing to the reduced cost include: (1) the
absence of any major construction problems, (2) financing and
material and equipment costs lower than expected, and (3)
favorable rulings of state commissions allowing the inclusion of
carrying costs of construction in rates in lieu of AFUDC. The
possibility of new legislation which could restrict or discourage
carbon dioxide emissions, either through taxation or caps,
further complicates the CAAA Phase II planning process. The
Company has additional annual capital requirements of an annual
preferred stock sinking fund ($1.2 million) and debt maturities
(see Note I to the financial statements).
<PAGE>
                                                     M-19

Internal Cash Flows
  Internal generation of cash, consisting of cash flows from
operations reduced by dividends, was $67 million in 1994 compared
with $75 million in 1993. In 1994 the Company financed
approximately 47% of its capital expenditure program through
internal cash generation. Based upon the new rate case
authorizations received in 1994, it is expected that close to
100% of the capital expenditure program can be financed through
internal cash generation in 1995.

  Materials and supplies, primarily fuel, constituted a
significant use of cash in 1994 ($5 million). A new five-year
National Bituminous Coal Wage Agreement was signed with the union
in December 1993. System coal inventory declined during the
renegotiations due to selective mine shutdowns, and has returned
to a more appropriate level. December 1992 levels reflected
increases to provide for an adequate coal supply in the event of
a strike.

Financings
  During 1994, the Company issued $75 million of 8% first
mortgage bonds and $11.56 million of tax-exempt solid waste
disposal notes to Harrison County, West Virginia. Due to the
significant number of refinancings which have occurred over the
past three years, the balance of debt redemption costs is now
about $8 million. These costs are being amortized over the life
of the associated new bonds. Reduced future interest expense will
more than offset these expenses.
  Short-term debt is used to meet temporary cash needs until the
timing is considered appropriate to issue long-term securities.
In 1992, the Company and its affiliates established an internal
money pool as a facility to accommodate intercompany short-term
borrowing needs, to the extent that certain of the companies have
funds available. The internal money pool has contributed to the
continued low temporary cash investment amounts.
  At December 31, 1994, the Company had SEC authorization to
issue up to $115 million of short-term debt. In addition, a
multi-year credit program established in January 1994 provides
the Company with the ability to borrow on a standby revolving
credit basis up to $84 million. After the initial three-year
term, the program agreement provides that the maturity date may
be extended in one-year increments. There were no borrowings
under this facility in 1994. During 1995, the Company has no
current plans to issue new securities; however, if economic and
market conditions make it desirable, it may refinance up to $231
million of first mortgage bonds, preferred stock, and pollution
control revenue notes. The Company may also engage in addi-
tional Harrison County tax-exempt solid waste disposal financings
to the extent that funds and qualified properties are available.
  The Company anticipates that it will be able to meet its future
cash needs through internal cash generation and external
financings, as it has in the past, and possibly through
alternative financing procedures.
<PAGE>
                                                     M-20

Environmental Matters and Other Contingencies
  In the normal course of business, the Company is subject to
various contingencies and uncertainties relating to its
operations and construction programs, including cost recovery in
the regulatory process, laws, regulations and uncertainties
related to environmental matters, and legal actions.
Contingencies and uncertainties related to the CAAA are discussed
above and under Note K to the financial statements.
  The Company previously reported that the Environmental
Protection Agency (EPA) had identified it and its affiliates and
approximately 875 others as potentially responsible parties in a
Superfund site subject to cleanup. A Remedial
Investigation/Feasibility Study prepared by the EPA indicates
remedial alternatives which range as high as $113 million, to be
shared by all responsible parties. The EPA has not yet selected
which remedial alternatives it will use. The Company believes it
has defenses to allegations of liability and intends to
vigorously defend this matter. Although it is not possible at
this time to determine what costs, if any, the Company may incur,
it has recorded provisions for liabilities based on the range of
remediation cost estimates and its relative participation, along
with the approximately 875 others. The Company believes that
provisions for liabilities and insurance recoveries are such that
final resolution of this matter will not have a material effect
on its financial position.
  Monongahela Power Company (MP), an affiliated company, has been
named as a defendant along with multiple other defendants in
1,625 pending asbestos cases involving one or more plaintiffs,
and the Company and its affiliates have been named as defendants
along with multiple other defendants in an additional 716 cases
by one or more plaintiffs. Because these cases are filed by
"shotgun" complaints naming many plaintiffs and many defendants,
it is currently impossible to determine the actual number of
claims against the Company and its affiliates. However, based on
past experience and data available to date, it is estimated that
less than 500 cases actually involve claims against the Company
or its affiliates. All complaints allege that the plaintiffs
sustained unspecified injuries resulting from claimed exposure to
asbestos in various generating plants and other industrial
facilities operated by the various defendants, although all
plaintiffs do not claim exposure at facilities operated by all
defendants. All plaintiffs claiming exposure at System-operated
stations were employed by third-party contractors, with the
exception of three known plaintiffs who claim to have been
employees of MP. The Company is joint owner with MP in five
generating plants, including four operated by MP in West
Virginia. Each plaintiff generally seeks compensatory and
punitive damages against all defendants in amounts of up to $1
million and $3 million, respectively; in those cases that include
a spousal claim for loss of consortium, damages are generally
sought against all defendants in an amount of up to an additional
$1 million. Because of the multiple defendants, the Company
believes its potential liability is a very small percentage of
the total amount of the damages sought. A total of 94 cases have
been previously settled by MP for an amount substantially less
than the anticipated cost of defense. The Company believes that
the remaining cases involving it are also without merit and that
provisions for liabilities and insurance recoveries are such that
these suits will not have a material effect on its financial
position.
<PAGE>
                                                     M-21

West Penn

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS

Consolidated Net Income
  Consolidated net income was $120.0 million in 1994, including
$19.0 million of non-recurring income from the cumulative effect
of an accounting change to record unbilled revenues. The 1994
results also reflect the write-off ($5.2 million after tax) of
previously accumulated costs related to future facilities no
longer considered meaningful in the industry's more competitive
environment. Consolidated net income was $102.1 million and $98.2
million in 1993 and 1992, respectively. The 1994 and 1993
increases in consolidated net income resulted primarily from kWh
sales and retail rate increases. These revenue increases, in both
years, were offset in part by higher expenses.
  The subject of competition for customers, particularly
industrial customers, has been receiving a lot of attention. In
1994 the Pennsylvania commission initiated an investigation into
the subject, which is still in progress. The inquiry is not
expected to result in immediately meaningful changes in current
relations with our customers. All customers, except wholesale
customers regulated by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission
(FERC), continue to be required to purchase their electricity
requirements from the utility in whose franchised territory they
reside. This is not to say that competition does not exist.
Utilities continue to compete for the siting of new industrial
and commercial customers, to retain existing customers in the
franchised territory, and, for those businesses with multiple
plants in multiple territories, to maintain or shift their
production to local facilities. As in the past, electric
utilities continue to compete with suppliers of other forms of
energy. Because the Company is the lowest or among the lowest
cost suppliers of electricity in its region, it should not
experience the competitive concerns of other utilities who use
cost-based pricing. However, the Company continues to face
competition from utilities with excess generation that are
willing to sell at prices intended only to recover variable costs.

Sales and Revenues
  KWh sales to and revenues from residential, commercial, and
industrial customers are shown on pages 16 and 17. Such kWh sales
increased 2.9% and 3.1% in 1994 and 1993, respectively. The
increases in revenues from sales to residential, commercial, and
industrial customers resulted from the following:

                                  Increase from Prior Year
                                    1994           1993
                                   (Millions of Dollars)
Increased kWh sales                 $ 9.4          $15.5
Fuel and energy cost
  adjustment clauses*                16.8           26.2
Rate increases                       22.7           25.2
Other                                 2.3            3.1
                                    $51.2          $70.0

* Changes in revenues from fuel and energy cost adjustment
clauses have little effect on consolidated net income.
<PAGE>
                                                     M-22

  The increased kWh sales to residential and commercial customers
in 1994 and 1993 reflect growth in number of customers and higher
commercial use. Residential usage increased in 1994 despite a
decrease in both heating and cooling degree days. While 1993
heating degree days remained about the same as 1992, and were
only 6% below normal, cooling degree days increased 70% over 1992
and were 46% over normal, contributing to the 1993 kWh sales
increases.
  Rate case decisions in all jurisdictions, representing revenue
increases in excess of $57 million on an annual basis, were
issued for the Company in 1994. These included recovery of the
remaining carrying charges on investment, depreciation, and all
operating costs required to comply with Phase I of the Clean Air
Act Amendments of 1990 (CAAA), and other increasing levels of
expenses. Rate increases also include a $61.6 million annual base
rate increase in Pennsylvania effective May 18, 1993, including
$26.1 million for recovery of carrying charges on CAAA compliance
costs.
  KWh sales to industrial customers increased 4.4% in 1994 and
.8% in 1993. The 1994 increase occurred in almost all industrial
groups, particularly paper, printing and publishing (118
gigawatt-hours [GWh], 47.4%); fabricated metals (72 GWh, 6.9%);
and iron and steel customers (53 GWh, 2.1%). The relatively flat
industrial sales growth in 1993 included one particular group,
coal mines staffed by union personnel, which recorded reduced
usage because of selective work stoppages by the United Mine
Workers of America (UMWA) for most of the year prior to the
settling of the dispute in December 1993.
  KWh sales to and revenues from nonaffiliated utilities are
comprised of the following items:
                                    1994           1993            1992
KWh sales (in billions):
  From Company generation               .5             .4             1.3
  From purchased power                 3.8            5.0             6.5
                                       4.3            5.4             7.8
Revenues (in millions):
    From Company generation         $ 12.3         $ 11.5          $ 37.5
    From sales of purchased power    132.5          141.0           167.2
                                    $144.8         $152.5          $204.7

  Decreased sales to nonaffiliated utilities resulted primarily
from decreased demand and continuing price competition. Sales
supplied by the Company's generation in 1994 continued at less
than 15% of 1988 levels because of continuing growth of kWh sales
to retail customers, which reduces the amount available for sale,
and because other suppliers were willing or able to make the
sales at lower prices. A significant factor affecting the
Company's ability to compete in the market for sales to
nonaffiliated utilities has been the approximate 290% increase
(from about 67 cents per MWh to $2.60 per MWh) in taxes on
generation in West Virginia since March 1989 - a significant cost
not experienced by utilities not generating in West Virginia.
Further decreases in these sales are anticipated.
<PAGE>
                                                     M-23

  The decrease in other revenues in 1994 and 1993 resulted from
continued decreases in sales of energy and spinning reserve to an
affiliated company because of additional energy available to it
from qualified facilities under the Public Utility Regulatory
Policies Act of 1978 (PURPA). The 1993 decrease was also due in
part to an agreement with the FERC to record in 1993 about $6
million of revenues as sales to nonaffiliated utilities. Similar
transactions were recorded as other revenues in prior years. Most
of the aggregate benefits from sales to affiliated and
nonaffiliated utilities is passed on to retail customers and has
little effect on consolidated net income. About $19 million of
other revenues in 1994 were derived from wholesale customers
regulated by the FERC who have the ability to obtain their
electricity requirements from other suppliers. In 1994, these
customers signed seven-year contracts to remain as customers.

Operating Expenses
  Fuel expenses decreased 2% in 1994 and 4% in 1993 primarily due
to decreases in kWh generated. Fuel expenses are primarily
subject to deferred power cost accounting procedures, as
described in Note A to the consolidated financial statements,
with the result that changes in fuel expenses have little effect
on consolidated net income.   "Purchased power and exchanges,
net" represents power purchases from and exchanges with
nonaffiliated utilities and qualified facilities under PURPA,
capacity charges paid to AGC, and other transactions with
affiliates made pursuant to a power supply agreement whereby each
company uses the most economical generation available in the
System at any given time, and is comprised of the following
items:

                                    1994           1993            1992
                                           (Millions of Dollars)
Nonaffiliated transactions:
  Purchased power:
    For resale to other utilities   $116.9         $124.5          $153.9
      From PURPA generation           65.7           49.6            56.5
      Other                           18.3           15.2             5.9
  Power exchanges, net                 (.2)          (1.2)             .3
Affiliated transactions:
  AGC capacity charges                37.2           42.3            43.5
  Energy and spinning
    reserve charges                    8.6            4.7             3.5
  Other affiliated
    capacity charges                    .7             .7              .6
                                    $247.2         $235.8          $264.2

  The amount of power purchased from nonaffiliated utilities for
use by the Company and for resale to nonaffiliated utilities
depends upon the availability of the Company's generating
equipment, transmission capacity, and fuel, and its cost of
generation and the cost of operations of nonaffiliated utilities
from which such purchases are made. The primary reason for the
fluctuations in purchases for resale to nonaffiliated utilities
is described under Sales and Revenues above. The cost of power
and capacity purchased for use by the Company, including power
from PURPA generation and affiliated transactions, is mostly
recovered from customers currently through the regular fuel and
energy cost recovery procedures followed by the Company's 
<PAGE>
                                                     M-24

regulatory commissions and is primarily subject to deferred power
cost procedures with the result that changes in such costs have
little effect on consolidated net income. The decrease in
purchases from PURPA generation in 1993 was due to a planned
generating outage at one PURPA project. None of the Company's
purchased power contracts is capitalized since there are no
minimum payment requirements absent associated kWh generation.
The 1993 increase in other purchased power reflects efforts to
conserve coal during the UMWA dispute. Other purchased power
continued to increase in 1994 because of increased sales to
retail customers combined with generating unit outages in the
first quarter of 1994.
  The increase in other operation expense in 1994 resulted
primarily from a decision to increase the allowances for
uncollectible accounts ($8 million), increases in salaries and
wages ($2 million) and employee benefit costs, primarily pension
expense ($1 million) and other postretirement benefits ($2
million), and provisions for environmental liabilities ($1
million). Allowances for uncollectible accounts were increased
due to an increase in aged outstanding receivables caused by
customers taking advantage of rate regulations which make it
difficult if not impossible to curtail service to non-paying
customers during the winter months. In a continuing effort to
control salary and wage expenses and to improve the overall
efficiency of the Company in a competitive environment, the
Allegheny Power System has an ongoing program to consolidate
various related functions within the System. The increase in
pension expense occurred because the Company in 1994 discontinued
the practice of deferring SFAS No. 87 pension expense to reflect
a recent rate case decision.
  During 1992, the Company implemented significant changes to its
benefits plans, including cost caps, in an effort to both control
and reduce employee benefit costs. The cost caps provide for
future post-retirement medical benefit costs to be capped at two
times 1993 levels. Approximately $.3 million of the increase in
postretirement benefit expenses for 1994 was due to the 1993 cost
cap being greater than actuarily projected. The adoption of SFAS
No. 106 in 1993 increased 1993 postretirement benefit expenses by
approximately $3 million. The increase in other operation expense
for 1993 resulted primarily from increases in salaries and wages
and employee benefit costs.   Another FASB standard, SFAS No.
112, "Employers' Accounting for Postemployment Benefits",
effective in 1994, requires companies to accrue for other
postemployment benefits such as disability benefits, health care
benefits for disabled employees, severance pay, and workers'
compensation claims. The Company currently accrues for workers'
compensation claims, and the estimated liability for the other
benefits is not material.
  Maintenance expenses represent costs incurred to maintain the
power stations, the transmission and distribution (T&D) system,
and general plant, and reflect routine maintenance of equipment
and rights-of-way as well as planned major repairs and unplanned 
<PAGE>
                                                     M-25

expenditures, primarily from forced outages at the power stations
and periodic storm damage on the T&D system. The Company is also
experiencing, and expects to continue to experience, increased
expenditures due to the aging of its power stations. Variations
in maintenance expense result primarily from unplanned events and
planned major projects, which vary in timing and magnitude
depending upon the length of time equipment has been in service
without a major overhaul, the amount of work found necessary when
the equipment is dismantled, and outage requirements to comply
with the CAAA. Maintenance expense in 1993 includes the effects
of an ice storm and blizzard in March 1993.
  Depreciation expense increases resulted primarily from
additions to electric plant and from a change in depreciation
rates and net salvage amortization in May 1993. On November 16,
1994, the Company declared the Harrison scrubbers available for
service and started depreciation on them amounting to $14 million
annually.
  Taxes other than income decreased $2 million in 1994 primarily
due to a decrease in West Virginia Business and Occupation taxes
(B&O taxes) ($3 million), offset in part by an increase in gross
receipts taxes resulting from higher revenues from retail
customers ($2 million). The 1993 increase ($2 million) was
primarily due to increases in gross receipts taxes ($3 million)
offset by decreased West Virginia B&O taxes ($2 million).
  The net decrease of $1 million in federal and state income
taxes in 1994 resulted primarily from plant removal cost tax
deductions for which deferred taxes were not provided. The net
increase in 1993 of $7 million resulted primarily from an
increase in income before taxes ($6 million), and an increase in
the tax rate due to the Revenue Reconciliation Act of 1993 ($1
million). Note B to the consolidated financial statements
provides a further analysis of income tax expenses.
  The 1994 combined increase of $2 million in allowances for
funds used during construction (AFUDC), reflects increased
construction expenditures including those associated with the
CAAA, net of CAAA amounts included in rate base and earning a
cash return. Future levels of AFUDC can be expected to decrease
upon substantial completion of Phase I of the CAAA compliance
program. Other income and deductions in 1994 reflect the
write-off of $5.2 million net of income taxes of previously
accumulated costs related to future facilities which are no
longer considered meaningful in the industry's more competitive
environment. The changes in other income, net, in 1994 and 1993
resulted primarily from the Company's share of earnings of AGC
(see Note D to the consolidated financial statements). Other
fluctuations in other income, net, were individually
insignificant. Other interest expense reflects change in the
levels of short-term debt maintained by the Company throughout
the year, as well as the associated interest rates.
<PAGE>
                                                     M-26

Liquidity and Capital Resources
  SEC regulations define "liquidity" as "the ability of an
enterprise to generate adequate amounts of cash to meet the
enterprise's need for cash". The Company needs cash for operating
expenses, the payment of interest and dividends, retirement of
debt, and for its construction program. To meet these needs, the
Company has used internally generated funds and external
financings, such as the sale of common and preferred stock, debt
instruments, installment loans, and lease arrangements. The
timing and amount of external financings depend primarily upon
economic and financial market conditions, the Company's cash
needs, and capitalization ratio objectives. The availability and
cost of external financing depend upon the financial health of
the companies seeking those funds.

Capital Requirements 

Construction expenditures for 1994 were $260 million and for 1995
and 1996 are estimated at $172 million and $115 million,
respectively. These estimates include $38 million and $1 million,
respectively, for substantial completion of the program of
complying with Phase I of the CAAA. Annual construction
expenditures through 1998, on average, are not expected to
significantly vary from 1995 estimated levels. Construction
expenditure levels in 1999 and beyond will depend upon the
strategy eventually selected for complying with Phase II of the
CAAA, as well as future generation requirements.
  The Harrison Scrubber Project was completed on schedule and the
final cost was approximately 24% below the original budget.
Primary factors contributing to the reduced cost include: (1) the
absence of any major construction problems, (2) financing and
material and equipment costs lower than expected, and (3)
favorable ruling of the Pennsylvania PUC allowing the inclusion
of carrying costs of construction in rates in lieu of AFUDC. The
possibility of new legislation which could restrict or discourage
carbon dioxide emissions, either through taxation or caps,
further complicates the CAAA Phase II planning process. The
Company has additional capital requirements of debt maturities
(see Note I to the consolidated financial statements).

Internal Cash Flows
  Internal generation of cash, consisting of cash flows from
operations reduced by dividends, was $109 million in 1994
compared with $119 million in 1993. In 1994 the Company financed
approximately 42% of its capital expenditure program through
internal cash generation. Based upon the new rate case
authorizations received in 1994, it is expected that close to
100% of the capital expenditure program can be financed through
internal cash generation in 1995.
<PAGE>
                                                     M-27

  Materials and supplies, primarily fuel, constituted a
significant use of cash in 1994 ($9 million). A new five-year
National Bituminous Coal Wage Agreement was signed with the union
in December 1993. System coal inventory declined during the
renegotiations due to selective mine shutdowns, and has returned
to a more appropriate level. December 1992 levels reflected
increases to provide for an adequate coal supply in the event of
a strike.

Financings
  During 1994 the Company issued $65 million of 8-1/8% first
mortgage bonds and $14.91 million of tax-exempt solid waste
disposal notes to Harrison County, West Virginia. Due to the
significant number of refinancings which have occurred over the
past three years, the balance of debt redemption costs is now
about $10 million. These costs are being amortized over the life
of the associated new bonds. Reduced future interest expense will
more than offset these expenses.
  Short-term debt is used to meet temporary cash needs until the
timing is considered appropriate to issue long-term securities.
In 1992, the Company and its affiliates established an internal
money pool as a facility to accommodate intercompany short-term
borrowing needs, to the extent that certain of the companies have
funds available. The internal money pool has contributed to the
continued low temporary cash investment amounts.
  At December 31, 1994, the Company had SEC authorization to
issue up to $170 million of short-term debt. In addition, a
multi-year credit program established in January 1994 provides
the Company with the ability to borrow on a standby revolving
credit basis up to $135 million. After the initial three-year
term, the program agreement provides that the maturity date may
be extended in one-year increments. There were no borrowings
under this facility in 1994. During 1995, the Company has no
current plans to issue new securities; however, if economic and
market conditions make it desirable, it may refinance up to
$251.5 million of first mortgage bonds, preferred stock, and
pollution control revenue notes. The Company may also engage in
additional Harrison County tax-exempt solid waste disposal
financings to the extent that funds and qualified properties are
available.
  The Company anticipates that it will be able to meet its future
cash needs through internal cash generation and external
financings, as it has in the past, and possibly through
alternative financing procedures.

Environmental Matters and Other Contingencies
  In the normal course of business, the Company is subject to
various contingencies and uncertainties relating to its
operations and construction programs, including cost recovery in 
<PAGE>
                                                     M-28

the regulatory process, laws, regulations and uncertainties
related to environmental matters, and legal actions.
Contingencies and uncertainties related to the CAAA are discussed
above and under Note K to the consolidated financial statements.
  The Company previously reported that the Environmental
Protection Agency (EPA) had identified it and its affiliates and
approximately 875 others as potentially responsible parties in a
Superfund site subject to cleanup. A Remedial
Investigation/Feasibility Study prepared by the EPA indicates
remedial alternatives which range as high as $113 million, to be
shared by all responsible parties. The EPA has not yet selected
which remedial alternatives it will use. The Company believes it
has defenses to allegations of liability and intends to
vigorously defend this matter. Although it is not possible at
this time to determine what costs, if any, the Company may incur,
it has recorded provisions for liabilities based on the range of
remediation cost estimates and its relative participation, along
with the approximately 875 others. The Company believes that
provisions for liabilities and insurance recoveries are such that
final resolution of this matter will not have a material effect
on its financial position.
  Monongahela Power Company (MP), an affiliated company, has been
named as a defendant along with multiple other defendants in
1,625 pending asbestos cases involving one or more plaintiffs,
and the Company and its affiliates have been named as defendants
along with multiple other defendants in an additional 716 cases
by one or more plaintiffs. Because these cases are filed by
"shotgun" complaints naming many plaintiffs and many defendants,
it is currently impossible to determine the actual number of
claims against the Company and its affiliates. However, based on
past experience and data available to date, it is estimated that
less than 500 cases actually involve claims against the Company
or its affiliates. All complaints allege that the plaintiffs
sustained unspecified injuries resulting from claimed exposure to
asbestos in various generating plants and other industrial
facilities operated by the various defendants, although all
plaintiffs do not claim exposure at facilities operated by all
defendants. All plaintiffs claiming exposure at System-operated
stations were employed by third-party contractors, with the
exception of three known plaintiffs who claim to have been
employees of MP. The Company is joint owner with MP in four
generating plants, including three operated by MP in West
Virginia. Each plaintiff generally seeks compensatory and
punitive damages against all defendants in amounts of up to $1
million and $3 million, respectively; in those cases that include
a spousal claim for loss of consortium, damages are generally 
<PAGE>
                                                     M-29

sought against all defendants in an amount of up to an additional
$1 million. Because of the multiple defendants, the Company
believes its potential liability is a very small percentage of
the total amount of the damages sought. A total of 94 cases have
been previously settled by MP for an amount substantially less
than the anticipated cost of defense. The Company believes that
the remaining cases involving it are also without merit and that
provisions for liabilities and insurance recoveries are such that
these suits will not have a material effect on its financial
position.
<PAGE>

                                                     M-30
AGC

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Results of Operations
  As described under Liquidity and Capital Resources, revenues
are determined under a cost of service formula rate schedule.
Therefore, if all other factors remain equal, revenues are
expected to decrease each year due to a normal continuing
reduction in the Company's net investment in the Bath County
station and its connecting transmission facilities upon which the
return on investment is determined. The net investment
(primarily net plant less deferred income taxes) decreases to the
extent that provisions for depreciation and deferred income taxes
exceed net plant additions. Revenues for 1994 increased primarily
because of the return on equity settlement which resulted in an
adjustment of prior period provisions for rate refunds. Revenues
for 1993 decreased due to a reduction in interest charges and net
investment, and reduced operating expenses which are described
below. Additionally, revenues for 1993 were reduced by the
recording of estimated liabilities for possible refunds pending
final Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) decisions in
rate case proceedings (see Liquidity and Capital Resources).
  The increase in operating expenses in 1994 resulted primarily
from an increase in federal income taxes due to an increase in
income before taxes ($1.5 million). The decrease in operating
expenses in 1993 resulted from a decrease in federal income taxes
due to a decrease in income before taxes ($1.9 million) offset by
an increase in the tax rate due to the Revenue Reconciliation Act
of 1993 ($.5 million), partially offset by an increase in
operation and maintenance expense.
  The decreases in interest on long-term debt in 1994 and 1993
were the combined result of decreases in the average amount of
and interest rates on long-term debt outstanding. The increase
in other interest in 1994 was due to amortization of the premium
paid to refund debentures in 1993.  Liquidity and Capital
Resources  SEC regulations define "liquidity" as "the ability of
an enterprise to generate adequate amounts of cash to meet the
enterprise's need for cash". The Company's only operating assets
are an undivided 40% interest in the Bath County (Virginia)
pumped-storage hydroelectric station and its connecting
transmission facilities. The Company has no present plans for
construction of any other major facilities.   Pursuant to an
agreement, the Parents buy all of the Company's capacity in the
station priced under a "cost of service formula" wholesale rate
schedule approved by the FERC. Under this arrangement, the
Company recovers in revenues all of its operation and maintenance
expenses, depreciation, taxes, and a return on its investment.
<PAGE>
                                                     M-31

  Through February 29, 1992, the Company's return on equity (ROE)
was adjusted annually pursuant to a settlement agreement approved
by the FERC. In December 1991, the Company filed for a
continuation of the existing ROE of 11.53% and other parties (the
Consumer Advocate Division of the Public Service Commission of
West Virginia, Maryland People's Counsel, and Pennsylvania Office
of Consumer Advocate, collectively referred to as the joint
consumer advocates or JCA) filed to reduce the ROE to 10%.
Hearings were completed in June 1992, and a recommendation was
issued by an Administrative Law Judge (ALJ) on December 21, 1993,
for an ROE of 10.83%, which the JCA argues should be further
adjusted to reflect changes in capital market conditions since
the hearings. Exceptions to this recommendation were filed by
all parties for consideration by the FERC. On January 28, 1994,
the JCA filed a joint complaint with the FERC against the Company
claiming that both the existing ROE of 11.53% and the ROE
recommended by the ALJ of 10.83% were unjust and unreasonable.
This new complaint requested an ROE of 8.53% with rates subject
to refund beginning April 1, 1994. Hearings were completed in
November 1994 and a recommendation was issued by an ALJ on
December 22, 1994, dismissing the JCA's complaint. A settlement
agreement for both cases is currently pending, which would reduce
the Company's ROE to 11.13% for the period from March 1, 1992,
through December 31, 1994, and increase the Company's ROE to
11.20% for the period from January 1, 1995, through December 31,
1995. During 1995, the parties have agreed to negotiate in good
faith to approve a mechanism for setting ROE in the future. This
settlement is subject to FERC approval. If approved, this
settlement will require a refund to customers for the period
through December 31, 1994, of about $4.42 million for which
adequate reserves have been provided.
  Through a filing completed on October 31, 1994, the Company
sought to add a prior tax payment of approximately $12 million to
rate base which will produce about $1.4 million in additional
annual revenues. On December 30, 1994, the FERC accepted the
Company's filing, ordered that the increase in rates go into
effect on June 1, 1995, subject to refund, and set the Company's
ROE for hearing in 1995. A settlement agreement is currently
pending. This settlement is subject to FERC approval.
  An internal money pool accommodates intercompany short-term
borrowing needs, to the extent that certain of the Company's
affiliates have funds available.
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
ITEM 8.    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA


Financial Statements
                                                                     Index
                                                                                                        
                                                     Monon-         Potomac         West            
                                         APS         gahela         Edison          Penn            AGC


<S>                                      <C>          <C>            <C>            <C>             <C>
Report of Independent Accountants        F-1          F-17           F-34           F-51            F-68

Statement of Income for                  F-2          F-18           F-35           F-52            F-69
  the three years ended
  December 31, 1994              

Statement of Retained Earnings            -           F-19           F-36           F-53            F-70
  for the three years ended
  December 31, 1994


Statement of Cash Flows for              F-3          F-20           F-37           F-54            F-71
  the three years ended
  December 31, 1994

Balance Sheet at December 31,            F-4          F-21           F-38           F-55            F-72
  1994 and 1993
                                                   
Statement of Capitalization at           F-5          F-22           F-39           F-56            F-73
  December 31, 1994 and 1993
                                 
Statement of Common Equity for           F-6            -              -              -               -
  the three years ended
  December 31, 1994       
                          
Notes to financial statements            F-7          F-23           F-40           F-57            F-74
                                                   
Financial Statement Schedules -                    

  Schedules - for the three years
    ended December 31, 1994

II  Valuation and qualifying
       accounts                          S-1       S-2             S-3              S-4               -

All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the
Financial Statements or Notes thereto.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
                                                        F-1

                                         REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS


To the Board of Directors of
Allegheny Power System, Inc.


         In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements listed
in the accompanying index present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of Allegheny Power System, Inc. and its
subsidiaries at December 31, 1994 and 1993, and the results of
their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years
in the period ended December 31, 1994, in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles.  These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company's management; our responsibility is
to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our
audits.  We conducted our audits of these statements in accordance
with generally accepted auditing standards which require that we
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. 
An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, and evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation.  We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for the opinion expressed above.

         As discussed in Notes A, B and E to the consolidated financial
statements, the Company changed its method of accounting for
revenue recognition in 1994 and for income taxes and postretirement
benefits other than pensions in 1993.


                                                   PRICE WATERHOUSE LLP
                                                   PRICE WATERHOUSE LLP

New York, New York
February 2, 1995
<PAGE>

                                                        F-2

APS

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME
Year ended December 31
(Dollar amounts in thousands except for per share data)
                                                1994          1993          1992
Electric Operating Revenues:
Residential                               $  863 725    $  818 400    $  734 874
Commercial                                   459 303       430 202       391 912
Industrial                                   728 009       673 418       637 656
Nonaffiliated utilities                      331 557       346 705       465 491
Other                                         69 090        62 801        76 725
    TOTAL OPERATING REVENUES               2 451 684     2 331 526     2 306 658
Operating Expenses:
Operation:
  Fuel                                       547 241       544 659       567 833
  Purchased power and exchanges, net         440 880       417 449       451 408
  Deferred power costs, net (Note A)          11 805       (11 462)           89
  Other                                      285 010       257 732       232 672
Maintenance                                  241 913       231 163       210 878
Depreciation                                 223 883       210 428       197 763
Taxes other than income taxes                183 060       178 788       174 578
Federal and state income taxes (Note B)      129 751       128 130       115 373
    TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES               2 063 543     1 956 887     1 950 594
    OPERATING INCOME                         388 141       374 639       356 064
Other Income and Deductions:
Allowance for other than borrowed funds
  used during construction (Note A)           11 966        12 499        10 221
Asset write-off, net (Note A)                 (5 338)     
Other income, net                              1 510            (6)        1 265
    TOTAL OTHER INCOME AND DEDUCTIONS          8 138        12 493        11 486
    INCOME BEFORE INTEREST CHARGES AND
      PREFERRED DIVIDENDS                    396 279       387 132       367 550
Interest Charges and Preferred Dividends:
Interest on long-term debt                   153 668       157 449       147 427
Other interest                                10 394         5 812         5 672
Allowance for borrowed funds used during 
  construction (Note A)                       (7 630)       (8 983)      (7 331)
Dividends on preferred stock of 
  subsidiaries                                20 096        17 098        18 235
    TOTAL INTEREST CHARGES AND PREFERRED 
      DIVIDENDS                              176 528       171 376       164 003
Consolidated Income Before Cumulative 
  Effect of Accounting Change                219 751       215 756       203 547
Cumulative Effect of Accounting Change, 
  net (Note A)                                43 446
Consolidated Net Income                   $  263 197    $  215 756    $  203 547
Common Stock Shares Outstanding 
  (average) (Note G)                     118 272 373   114 937 032   111 226 318
Earnings Per Average Share (Note G):
    Consolidated income before cumulative 
      effect of accounting change              $1.86         $1.88         $1.83
    Cumulative effect of accounting 
      change, net (Note A)                       .37
    Consolidated net income                    $2.23         $1.88         $1.83
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        F-3
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
Year ended December 31
                                                1994          1993          1992
                                                     (Thousands of Dollars)  
Cash Flows from Operations:
<S>                                         <C>           <C>           <C>  
Consolidated net income                     $263 197      $215 756      $203 547
Depreciation                                 223 883       210 428       197 763
Deferred investment credit and income 
  taxes, net                                  25 684        (2 388)       19 579
Deferred power costs, net                     11 805       (11 462)           89
Allowance for other than borrowed funds 
  used during construction                   (11 966)      (12 499)     (10 221)
Cumulative effect of accounting change 
  before income taxes (Note A)               (72 333)
Asset write-off before income taxes (Note A)   9 178
Changes in certain current assets and 
  liabilities:
    Accounts receivable, net, excluding 
      cumulative effect of accounting change 
      (Note A)                                 9 666       (15 393)       12 452
    Materials and supplies                   (20 519)       53 614      (30 359)
    Accounts payable                           3 119          (305)       34 525
    Taxes accrued                             (5 792)        3 619       (5 692)
    Interest accrued                           3 452        (2 164)        5 139
Other, net                                       779        18 087      (19 431)
                                             440 153       457 293       407 391
Cash Flows from Investing:
Construction expenditures                   (508 254)     (573 970)    (487 587)
Allowance for other than borrowed funds 
  used during construction                    11 966        12 499        10 221
                                            (496 288)     (561 471)    (477 366)
Cash Flows from Financing:
Sale of common stock                          34 709        99 875       119 884
Sale of preferred stock                       49 635                      39 450
Retirement of preferred stock                (1 190)       (1 611)      (27 250)
Issuance of long-term debt                   197 098       691 343       398 619
Retirement of long-term debt                 (26 000)     (632 000)    (360 408)
Deposit with trustees for redemption of 
  long-term debt                                                         115 785
Short-term debt, net                          (3 818)      119 431      (62 985)
Cash dividends on common stock              (193 951)     (187 475)    (179 739)
                                              56 483        89 563        43 356
Net Change in Cash and Temporary Cash 
  Investments (Note F)                           348       (14 615)     (26 619)
Cash and Temporary Cash Investments at 
  January 1                                    2 417        17 032        43 651
Cash and Temporary Cash Investments at 
  December 31                               $  2 765      $  2 417      $ 17 032
Supplemental cash flow information
    Cash paid during the year for:
      Interest (net of amount capitalized)  $148 016      $153 455      $138 724
      Income taxes                           122 343       124 979       103 635
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        F-4
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
As of December 31
                                                            1994            1993
ASSETS                                                     (Thousands of Dollars)
Property, Plant, and Equipment:
At original cost, including $215,756,000 and 
  <S>                                                 <C>             <C>    
  $638,920,000 under construction                     $7 586 780      $7 176 847
Accumulated depreciation                              (2 529 354)     (2 388 758)
                                                       5 057 426       4 788 089
Investments and Other Assets:
Subsidiaries consolidated--excess of cost over 
  book equity at acquisition (Note A)                     15 077          15 077
Securities of associated company--at cost, which 
  approximates equity                                      1 250           1 250
Other (Note A)                                            36 284          24 357
                                                          52 611          40 684
Current Assets:
Cash and temporary cash investments (Note F)               2 765           2 417
Accounts receivable:
    Electric service, net of $11,353,000 and 
      $3,418,000 uncollectible allowance (Note A)        250 367         188 139
    Other                                                  8 175           7 736
Materials and supplies--at average cost:
    Operating and construction                            94 478          86 766
    Fuel                                                  84 199          71 392
Deferred power costs (Note A)                              4 443          14 054
Prepaid taxes                                             43 880          43 139
Other                                                     19 287          10 391
                                                         507 594         424 034
Deferred Charges:
Regulatory assets (Note B)                               643 791         577 817
Unamortized loss on reacquired debt                       40 991          44 435
Other                                                     59 812          74 109
                                                         744 594         696 361
Total                                                 $6 362 225      $5 949 168
CAPITALIZATION AND LIABILITIES
Capitalization:
Common stock, other paid-in capital, and retained 
  earnings (Notes C and G)                            $2 059 304      $1 955 815
Preferred stock (Note G)                                 325 286         276 486
Long-term debt (Note H)                                2 178 472       2 008 104
                                                       4 563 062       4 240 405
Current Liabilities:
Short-term debt (Note I)                                 126 818         130 636
Long-term debt and preferred stock due within 
  one year (Notes G and H)                                29 200          27 200
Accounts payable                                         190 809         187 690
Taxes accrued:
    Federal and state income                              13 873          14 689
    Other                                                 52 782          57 758
Interest accrued                                          42 078          38 626
Other                                                     62 073          73 467
                                                         517 633         530 066
Deferred Credits and Other Liabilities:
Unamortized investment credit                            158 018         166 328
Deferred income taxes                                    972 113         873 695
Regulatory liabilities (Note B)                          105 076         107 372
Other                                                     46 323          31 302
                                                       1 281 530       1 178 697
Commitments and Contingencies (Note J)
Total                                                 $6 362 225      $5 949 168
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        F-5
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CAPITALIZATION
As of December 31
                                                               1994          1993          1994          1993
Common Stock:                                                      (Thousands of Dollars)      (Capitalization
Ratios)
Common stock of Allegheny Power System, Inc.--$1.25 par value 
  per share, 260,000,000 shares authorized, outstanding 
  <S>                                                          <C>           <C>            <C>           <C>   
  119,292,954 and 117,663,582 shares (Note G)                  $  149 116    $  147 079
Other paid-in capital                                             963 269       931 063
Retained earnings (Note C)                                        946 919       877 673
    TOTAL                                                       2 059 304     1 955 815     45.1%         46.1%
Preferred Stock of Subsidiaries--cumulative, par value $100 
  per share, authorized 9,997,123 shares (Note G):
Not subject to mandatory redemption:
                                December 31, 1994
                          Shares      Regular Call Price
           Series       Outstanding       Per Share
        3.60%- 4.80%      650 861     $102.205 to $110.00          65 086        65 086
       $5.88 -$7.92     1 300 000      102.85  to  103.94         130 000        80 000
       $8.00 -$8.80       650 000      103.25  to  104.20          65 000        65 000
Auction 2.52%- 4.28%      400 000      100.00                      40 000        40 000
    TOTAL (annual dividend requirements $19,554,469)              300 086       250 086      6.6%          5.9%
Subject to mandatory redemption:
                                December 31, 1994
                          Shares      Regular Call Price
           Series       Outstanding       Per Share
           $7.16%         264 000          $105.37                 26 400        27 600
    TOTAL (annual dividend requirements $1,890,240)                26 400        27 600
  Less current sinking fund requirement                            (1 200)       (1 200)
    TOTAL                                                          25 200        26 400      0.6%          0.6%
Long-Term Debt of Subsidiaries (Note H):
First mortgage bonds:
                       December 31, 1994
               Maturity         Interest Rate-%               
               1994-1998          4 7/8-6 1/2                     180 000       196 000
               2000-2004          5 5/8-7 7/8                     315 000       315 000
               2006-2007          7 1/4-8                         120 000       120 000
               2019               8 7/8-9 1/4                     165 000       165 000
               2020-2024          7 3/4-9 5/8                     760 000       620 000
Debentures due 2003-2023          5 5/8-6 7/8                     150 000       150 000
Secured notes due 1998-2024        4.95-9.375                     368 300       333 005
Unsecured notes due 1996-2012      6.10-6.40                       27 495        27 495
Installment purchase obligations 
  due 1998                           6.875                         19 100        19 100
Commercial paper                     6.25                          41 736        21 362
Medium-term notes due 1994-1998    5.75-7.93                       77 975        87 975
Unamortized debt discount and 
  premium, net                                                    (18 134)      (16 943)          
     TOTAL (annual interest requirements $162,558,089)          2 206 472     2 037 994
   Less current maturities                                        (28 000)      (26 000)
   Less amounts on deposit with trustee                                          (3 890)
     TOTAL                                                      2 178 472     2 008 104       47.7%       47.4%
Total Capitalization                                           $4 563 062    $4 240 405      100.0%      100.0%
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        F-6

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMMON EQUITY
Year ended December 31
                                                  Shares        Other     Retained                       Total
                                             Outstanding       Common      Paid-In     Earnings         Common
                                                (Note G)        Stock      Capital     (Note C)         Equity
                                                                          (Thousands of Dollars)
<S>                                          <C>             <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>   
Balance at January 1, 1992                   108 451 312     $135 564     $723 520     $826 570     $1 685 654 
Add:
Sale of common stock, net of expenses:
  Public offerings                             3 960 000        4 950       81 544                      86 494
  Dividend Reinvestment and Stock
    Purchase Plan and Employee Stock
    Ownership and Savings Plan                 1 487 424        1 859       31 530                      33 389
Consolidated net income                                                                 203 547        203 547
Deduct:
Dividends on common stock of the
  Company (cash)                                                                        179 739        179 739
Expenses related to subsidiary companies' 
  preferred stock transactions                                                 556          980          1 536
Balance at December 31, 1992                 113 898 736     $142 373     $836 038     $849 398     $1 827 809
Add:
Sale of common stock, net of expenses:
  Public offerings                             2 400 000        3 000       61 057                      64 057
  Dividend Reinvestment and Stock
    Purchase Plan and Employee Stock
    Ownership and Savings Plan                 1 364 846        1 706       34 402                      36 108
Consolidated net income                                                                 215 756        215 756
Deduct:
Dividends on common stock of the
  Company (cash)                                                                        187 475        187 475
Expenses related to common stock split                                         290                         290
Expenses related to subsidiary companies' 
  preferred stock transactions                                                 144            6            150
Balance at December 31, 1993                 117 663 582     $147 079     $931 063     $877 673     $1 955 815
Add:
Sale of common stock, net of expenses:
  Dividend Reinvestment and Stock
    Purchase Plan and Employee Stock
    Ownership and Savings Plan                 1 629 372        2 037       32 988                      35 025
Consolidated net income                                                                 263 197        263 197
Deduct:
Dividends on common stock of the
  Company (cash)                                                                        193 951        193 951
Expenses related to 1993 public offerings                                       79                          79
Expenses related to common stock split                                         237                         237
Expenses related to subsidiary companies' 
  preferred stock transactions                                                 466                         466
Balance at December 31, 1994                 119 292 954     $149 116     $963 269     $946 919     $2 059 304
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>

                                                        F-7
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(These notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial
statements.)

NOTE A--SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES:
The Company and its subsidiaries (companies) are subject to
regulation by the Securities and Exchange
Commission. The regulated subsidiaries are subject to regulation
by various state bodies having jurisdiction
and by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC). 
Significant accounting policies of the Company and its
subsidiaries are summarized below.

CONSOLIDATION:
The Company owns all of the outstanding common stock of its
subsidiaries. The consolidated financial statements
include the accounts of the Company and all subsidiary companies
after elimination of intercompany transactions.

REVENUES:
Beginning in 1994, revenues, including amounts resulting from the
application of fuel and energy cost adjustment
clauses, are recognized in the same period in which the related
electric services are provided to customers,
by recording an estimate for unbilled revenues for services
provided from the meter reading date to the end of
the accounting period.  In 1993 and 1992, revenues were recorded
for billings rendered to customers, except for
a portion of unbilled revenues in West Virginia.  

DEFERRED POWER COSTS, NET:
The costs of fuel, purchased power, and certain other costs, and
revenues from sales and transmission services
to other utilities, are deferred until they are either recovered
from or credited to customers under fuel and
energy cost recovery procedures.

PROPERTY, PLANT, AND EQUIPMENT:
Property, plant, and equipment are stated at original cost, less
contributions in aid of construction, except
for capital leases which are recorded at present value. Cost
includes direct labor and material, allowance for
funds used during construction (AFUDC) on property for which
construction work in progress is not included in
rate base, and such indirect costs as administration,
maintenance, and depreciation of transportation and
construction equipment, and pensions, taxes, and other fringe
benefits related to employees engaged in
construction.
The cost of depreciable property units retired, plus removal
costs less salvage, are charged to accumulated
depreciation.

ALLOWANCE FOR FUNDS USED DURING CONSTRUCTION:
AFUDC, an item that does not represent current cash income, is
defined in applicable regulatory systems of
accounts as including "the net cost for the period of
construction of borrowed funds used for construction
purposes and a reasonable rate on other funds when so used". 
AFUDC is recognized as a cost of property, plant,
and equipment with offsetting credits to other income and
interest charges. Rates used by the subsidiaries for
computing AFUDC in 1994, 1993, and 1992 averaged 9.00%, 9.37%,
and 9.19%, respectively.  AFUDC is not included
in the cost of such construction when the cost of financing the
construction is being recovered through rates.
<PAGE>
                                                      F-8

DEPRECIATION AND MAINTENANCE:
Provisions for depreciation are determined generally on a
straight-line method based on estimated service lives
of depreciable properties and amounted to approximately 3.3% of
average depreciable property in 1994, 3.4% in
1993, and 3.3% in 1992.  The cost of maintenance and of certain
replacements of property, plant, and equipment
is charged principally to operating expenses.

INVESTMENTS:
The investment in subsidiaries consolidated represents the excess
of acquisition cost over book equity
(goodwill) prior to 1966.  Goodwill is not being amortized
because, in management's opinion, there has been no
reduction in its value.
Other investments primarily represent the estimated cash
surrender values and prepayments of purchased life
insurance contracts on certain qualifying management employees
under an executive life insurance plan and a
supplemental executive retirement plan (Secured Benefit Plan). 
Payment of future premiums 
will fully fund these benefits.

INCOME TAXES:
Financial accounting income before income taxes differs from
taxable income principally because certain income
and deductions for tax purposes are recorded in the financial
income statement in another period. Differences
between income tax expense computed on the basis of financial
accounting income and taxes payable based on
taxable income are accounted for substantially in accordance with
the accounting procedures followed for
ratemaking purposes.  Deferred tax assets and liabilities
recorded in accordance with the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (FASB) Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards (SFAS) No. 109, "Accounting for Income
Taxes", represent the tax effect of temporary differences between
the financial statement and tax basis of
assets and liabilities computed utilizing the most current tax
rates.
Provisions for federal income tax were reduced in previous years
by investment credits, and amounts equivalent
to such credits were charged to income with concurrent credits to
a deferred account, balances of which are
being amortized over estimated service lives of the related
properties.

POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS:
The subsidiaries have a noncontributory, defined benefit pension
plan covering substantially all employees,
including officers. Benefits are based on the employee's years of
service and compensation. The funding policy
is to contribute annually at least the minimum amount required
under the Employee Retirement Income Security
Act and not more than can be deducted for federal income tax
purposes.
<PAGE>
                                                      F-9

The subsidiaries also provide partially contributory medical and
life insurance plans for eligible retirees and
dependents.  Medical benefits, which comprise the largest
component of the plans, are based upon an age and
years-of-service vesting schedule and other plan provisions. The
funding plan for these costs is to contribute
to Voluntary Employee Beneficiary Association (VEBA) trust funds
an amount equal to the annual cost as
determined by SFAS No. 106 (described below). Medical benefits
are self-insured; the life insurance plan is paid
through insurance premiums.
The FASB has prescribed the determination of annual pension and
other postretirement benefits expenses in SFAS
No. 87, "Employers' Accounting for Pensions", and SFAS No. 106,
"Employers' Accounting for Postretirement
Benefits Other Than Pensions", respectively.  The subsidiaries
record annual pension expense in accordance with
SFAS No. 87.  Prior to 1994, regulatory deferrals of these
benefit expenses were recorded pursuant to SFAS No.
71, "Accounting for the Effects of Certain Types of Regulation",
for those jurisdictions which reflected as net
expense the funding of pensions and cash payments of other
benefits in the ratemaking process.  Regulatory
deferrals of SFAS No. 106 benefits expenses were recorded for
those jurisdictions in which SFAS No. 106 costs
were not yet included in rates.

ASSET WRITE-OFF:
In 1994, the subsidiaries wrote off $9.2 million ($5.3 million
net of income taxes) of previously accumulated
costs related to a potential future power plant site and a
proposed transmission line.  In the industry's more
competitive environment, it is no longer reasonable to assume
future recovery of these costs in rates.

ACCOUNTING CHANGES:
Effective January 1, 1994, the subsidiaries changed their revenue
recognition method to include the accrual of
estimated unbilled revenues for electric services.  This change
results in a better matching of revenues and
expenses, and is consistent with predominant utility industry
practice.  Previously, in accordance with
ratemaking procedures followed in West Virginia, Monongahela
Power Company had recorded a portion of revenues
for service rendered but unbilled at year-end.  The cumulative
effect of this accounting change for years prior
to 1994, which is shown separately in the consolidated statement
of income for 1994, resulted in a benefit 
of $43.4 million (after related income taxes of $28.9 million),
or $.37 per share of common stock.  The effect
of the change on the current year's consolidated income before
the cumulative effect of accounting change, as
well as on 1993 and 1992 consolidated net income, is not
material.
Effective January 1, 1993, the subsidiaries adopted SFAS No. 106,
"Employers' Accounting for Postretirement
Benefits Other Than Pensions".  Prior to 1993, medical expenses
and life insurance premiums paid for retired
employees and their dependents were recorded as expense in the
period they were paid. Also effective January 1, 1993,
<PAGE>
                                                     F-10

the subsidiaries adopted SFAS No. 109, "Accounting for
Income Taxes".  This standard mandated a change
from the previous income-based deferral approach to a balance
sheet-based liability approach for computing
deferred income taxes.

NOTE B--INCOME TAXES:
Details of federal and state income tax provisions are:
                                      1994         1993          1992
                                           (Thousands of Dollars)
Income taxes--current:
  Federal                         $114 263     $110 815     $  92 937
  State                             15 633       20 732         4 144
    Total                          129 896      131 547        97 081
Income taxes--deferred,
  net of amortization               33 994        6 034        28 318
Investment credit disallowed                                     (404)
Amortization of deferred
  investment credit                 (8 310)      (8 422)       (8 335)
    Total income taxes             155 580      129 159       116 660
Income taxes--credited (charged) 
  to other income and deductions     3 058       (1 029)       (1 287)
Income taxes--charged to 
  accounting change (including 
  state income taxes)              (28 887)
Income taxes--charged to
  operating income                $129 751     $128 130     $115 373

The total provision for income taxes is different than the amount
produced by applying the federal income
statutory tax rate to financial accounting income, as set forth
below:
                                      1994         1993         1992
                                          (Thousands of Dollars)
Financial accounting income
  before cumulative effect of
  accounting change, preferred 
  dividends, and income taxes     $369 598     $360 984     $337 155
Amount so produced                $129 400     $126 300     $114 600
Increased (decreased) for:
  Tax deductions for which 
  deferred tax was not provided:
    Lower tax depreciation           8 000        8 800        7 600
    Plant removal costs             (5 600)      (6 000)      (6 500)
  State income tax, net of
    federal income tax benefit      11 600       15 000       12 600
  Amortization of deferred
    investment credit               (8 310)      (8 422)      (8 335)
  Other, net                        (5 339)      (7 548)      (4 592)
    Total                         $129 751     $128 130     $115 373
<PAGE>
                                                     F-11

Federal income tax returns through 1991 have been examined and
substantially settled.
In adopting SFAS No. 109, the subsidiaries recognized a
significant increase in both deferred tax assets and
liabilities.  At December 31, the deferred tax assets and
liabilities were comprised of the following:    
                                                   1994          1993
                                                 (Thousands of Dollars)
Deferred tax assets:
  Unamortized investment tax credit           $  99 821    $  105 289
  Unbilled revenue                               13 043        38 363
  Tax interest capitalized                       33 773        22 236
  Contributions in aid of construction           18 742        17 176
  State tax loss carryback/carryforward           8 256        14 560
  Other                                          40 927        21 658
                                                214 562       219 282

Deferred tax liabilities:
  Book vs. tax plant basis differences, net   1 123 763     1 051 500
  Other                                          51 996        42 122
                                              1 175 759     1 093 622
Total net deferred tax liabilities              961 197       874 340
Add portion above included in current 
  assets (liabilities)                           10 916          (645)
Total long-term net deferred tax liabilities $  972 113    $  873 695

It is expected that regulatory commissions will allow recovery of
the deferred tax liabilities in future years
as they are paid, and accordingly, the subsidiaries have recorded
regulatory assets of $605 million which offset
the increase in deferred tax liabilities.  Regulatory liabilities
of $105 million have been recorded which
offset the increase in deferred tax assets in order to reflect
the subsidiaries' obligation to pass such tax
benefits on to their customers as the benefits are realized in
cash in future years.

NOTE C--DIVIDEND RESTRICTION:
Supplemental indentures relating to most outstanding bonds of the
subsidiaries contain dividend restrictions
under the most restrictive of which $461,539,000 of consolidated
retained earnings at December 31, 1994, is not
available for cash dividends on their common stocks, except that
a portion thereof may be paid as cash dividends
where concurrently an equivalent amount of cash is received by a
subsidiary as a capital contribution or as the
proceeds of the issue and sale of shares of such subsidiary's
common stock.
<PAGE>
                                                     F-12

NOTE D--PENSION BENEFITS:
Net pension costs, a portion of which (about 25% to 30%) was
charged to plant construction, included the
following components:
                                        1994        1993        1992
                                           (Thousands of Dollars)
Service cost--benefits earned        $14 940     $13 361     $12 402
Interest cost on projected benefit
  obligation                          38 630      37 387      36 049 
Actual return on plan assets             (61)    (89 680)    (65 641)
Net amortization and deferral        (48 983)     43 653      21 344
SFAS No. 87 pension cost               4 526       4 721       4 154
Regulatory reversal (deferral)         6 681      (1 509)     (3 862)
Net pension cost                     $11 207     $ 3 212     $   292

The benefits earned to date and funded status at December 31
using a measurement date of September 30 were as
follows:
                                                    1994        1993
                                                 (Thousands of Dollars)
Actuarial present value of accumulated
  benefit obligation earned to date 
  (including vested benefit of $403,610,000 
  and $401,986,000)                             $429 998    $429 360
Funded status:
  Actuarial present value of projected 
    benefit obligation                          $529 411    $546 776
  Plan assets at market value, primarily
    common stocks and fixed income securities    573 122     602 194
  Plan assets in excess of projected benefit
    obligation                                   (43 711)    (55 418)
  Add:
    Unrecognized cumulative net gain from
      past experience different from that
      assumed                                     52 078      58 402
    Unamortized transition asset, being
      amortized over 14 years beginning
      January 1, 1987                             18 882      22 028
  Less unrecognized prior service cost due 
    to plan amendments                            10 650      12 939
  Pension cost liability at September 30          16 599      12 073
  Fourth quarter contributions                     7 800        --
  Pension liability at December 31              $  8 799    $ 12 073

In determining the actuarial present value of the projected
benefit obligation at September 30, 1994, 1993, and
1992, the discount rates used were 7.75%, 7.25%, and 7.75%, and
the rates of increase in future compensation
levels were 4.75%, 4.75%, and 5.25%, respectively. The expected
long-term rate of return on 
assets was 9% in each of the years 1994, 1993, and 1992.
<PAGE>
                                                     F-13

NOTE E--POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS OTHER THAN PENSIONS:
The subsidiaries adopted SFAS No. 106 as of January 1, 1993, 
which requires accrual of postretirement benefits
other than pensions (principally health care and life insurance)
for employees and covered dependents during
the years the employees render the necessary service to receive
such benefits.  Prior to 1993, medical expenses
and life insurance premiums paid by the subsidiaries for retired
employees and their dependents were recorded
in expense in the period in which they were paid ($6,553,000 in
1992).
SFAS No. 106 postretirement cost in 1994 and 1993, a portion of
which (about 25% to 30%) was charged to plant
construction, included the following components:
                                                    1994        1993
                                                 (Thousands of Dollars)
Service cost--benefits earned                    $ 3 058     $ 2 000
Interest cost on accumulated postretirement 
  benefit obligation                              13 732      11 300
Actual loss (return) on plan assets                  135         (24)
Amortization of unrecognized transition 
  obligation                                       7 300       7 300
Other net amortization and deferral                  206          24
SFAS No. 106 postretirement cost                  24 431      20 600
Regulatory deferral                               (3 908)     (4 790)
Net postretirement cost                          $20 523     $15 810

The benefits earned to date and funded status at December 31
using a measurement date of September 30 were as
follows:
                                                    1994        1993
                                                 (Thousands of Dollars)
Accumulated postretirement benefit obligation:
  Retirees                                      $118 518    $115 019
  Fully eligible employees                        24 791      24 135
  Other employees                                 52 914      55 255
    Total obligation                             196 223     194 409
Plan assets at market value                       19 791       4 646
Accumulated postretirement benefit obligation 
  in excess of plan assets                       176 432     189 763
Less:
  Unrecognized cumulative net loss from past 
    experience different from that assumed        34 190      41 450
  Unrecognized transition obligation, being 
    amortized over 20 years beginning 
    January 1, 1993                              130 900     138 200
Postretirement benefit liability at 
  September 30                                    11 342      10 113
Fourth quarter contributions and benefit 
  payments                                         5 826       4 549
Postretirement benefit liability at 
  December 31                                   $  5 516    $  5 564
<PAGE>
                                                     F-14

The plan assets at market value are comprised of fixed income
securities, common stocks, and a short-term
investment fund in 1994; and a short-term investment fund in
1993.
The unfunded accumulated postretirement benefit obligation (APBO)
at January 1, 1993, of $145,500,000
(transition obligation) is being amortized prospectively over 20
years as permitted by SFAS No. 106.
In determining the APBO at September 30, 1994, 1993, and 1992,
the discount rates used were 7.75%,  7.25%, and
8%, and the rates of increase in future compensation levels were
4.75%, 4.75%, and 5.5%, respectively.  The 1994
expected long-term rate of return on assets was 8.25% net of tax. 
For measurement purposes, a health care trend
rate of 9% for 1995, declining 1% each year thereafter to 6.75%
in the year 1998 and beyond, and plan provisions
which limit future medical and life insurance benefits, were
assumed.  Increasing the assumed health care trend
rate by 1% in each year would increase the APBO at December 31,
1994, by $13.5 million and the aggregate of the
service and interest cost components of net periodic
postretirement benefit cost for 1994 by $1.3 million.  The
subsidiaries have been authorized recovery of approximately 90%
of SFAS No. 106 expenses in rates.

NOTE F--FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS:
The carrying amounts and estimated fair value of financial
instruments at December 31, 1994 and 1993 were as
follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                          1994                        1993
                                 Carrying         Fair       Carrying         Fair
                                  Amount         Value        Amount         Value 
                                               (Thousands of Dollars)
Assets:
  <S>                           <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>    
  Temporary cash investments    $       73    $       73    $      244    $      244
  Life insurance contracts          35 584        33 884        23 971        24 032
Liabilities:
  Short-term debt                  126 818       126 818       130 636       130 636
  Mandatorily redeemable
    preferred stock                 26 400        25 542        27 600        28 566
  Long-term debt                 2 224 606     2 114 871     2 054 937     2 129 923
</TABLE>
The carrying amount of temporary cash investments, as well as
short-term debt, approximates the fair value
because of the short maturity of those instruments.  The fair
value of mandatorily redeemable preferred stock
was estimated based on quoted market prices.  The fair value of
long-term debt was estimated based on actual
market prices or market prices of similar issues.  The fair value
of the life insurance contracts in Note A was
estimated based on cash surrender value.  The Company does not
have any financial instruments held or issued
for trading purposes.
<PAGE>
                                                     F-15

For purposes of the consolidated statement of cash flows,
temporary cash investments with original maturities
of three months or less, generally in the form of commercial
paper, certificates of deposit, and repurchase
agreements, are considered to be the equivalent of cash.

NOTE G--STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY:
COMMON STOCK:
In November 1993, the common shareholders approved a two-for-one
split of the Company's common stock effective
November 4, 1993.  The stock split reduced the par value of the
common stock from $2.50 per share to $1.25 per
share and increased the number of authorized shares of common
stock from 130,000,000 to 260,000,000.  The number
of common stock shares outstanding and per share information for
all periods reflect the two-for-one split.

PREFERRED STOCK:
In May 1994, Monongahela issued 500,000 shares of Series L, $7.73
preferred stock with par value of $100 per
share.  This Series is not redeemable prior to August 1, 2004.
All of the preferred stock is entitled on voluntary liquidation
to its then current call price and on
involuntary liquidation to $100 a share.  The holders of West
Penn Power Company's market auction preferred
stock are entitled to dividends at a rate determined by an
auction held the business day preceding each
quarterly dividend payment date.

MANDATORILY REDEEMABLE PREFERRED STOCK:
The Potomac Edison Company's $7.16 preferred stock is entitled to
a cumulative sinking fund sufficient to retire
12,000 shares each year at $100 a share plus accrued dividends. 
That subsidiary has the noncumulative option
in each year to retire up to an additional 12,000 shares at the
same price.  The call price declines in future
years.

NOTE H--LONG-TERM DEBT:
Maturities for long-term debt for the next five years are: 1995,
$28,000,000; 1996, $43,575,000; 1997,
$26,900,000; 1998, $227,136,000; and 1999, $5,300,000.
Substantially all of the properties of the subsidiaries
are held subject to the lien securing each subsidiary's first
mortgage bonds. Some properties are also subject
to a second lien securing certain pollution control and solid
waste disposal notes.
Commercial paper borrowings issuable by Allegheny Generating
Company are backed by a revolving credit agreement
with a group of seven banks which provides for loans of up to $50
million at any one time outstanding through
1998. Each bank has the option to discontinue its loans after
1998 upon three years' prior written notice.
Without such notice, the loans are automatically extended for one
year. However, to the extent that funds are
available from the companies, Allegheny Generating Company
borrowings are made through an internal money pool
as described in Note I.
<PAGE>
                                                     F-16

NOTE I--SHORT-TERM DEBT:
To provide interim financing and support for outstanding
commercial paper, lines of credit have been established
with several banks. The companies have fee arrangements on all of
their lines of credit and no compensating
balance requirements.  At December 31, 1994, unused lines of
credit with banks were $202,150,000.  In addition
to bank lines of credit, an internal money pool accommodates
intercompany short-term borrowing needs, to the
extent that certain of the companies have funds available.  In
January 1994, a multi-year credit program was
established which provides that the subsidiaries may borrow up to
$300 million on a standby revolving credit
basis. Short-term debt outstanding for 1994 and 1993 consisted
of:  
                                           1994    1993 
                                      (Thousands of Dollars)
Balance at end of year:
  Commercial Paper            $103,968 -- 6.06%    $54,811 -- 3.31% 
  Notes Payable to Banks        22,850 -- 5.92%     75,825 -- 3.45%
Average amount outstanding
  during the year:
    Commercial Paper            67,290 -- 4.25%     21,567 -- 3.24%
    Notes Payable to Banks      33,273 -- 4.17%     25,597 -- 3.19%

NOTE J--COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES:
CONSTRUCTION PROGRAM:
The subsidiaries have entered into commitments for their
construction programs, for which expenditures are
estimated to be $341 million for 1995 and $284 million for 1996.
These estimates include expenditures for the
program of complying with the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990
(CAAA) as discussed below.
ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS:
The companies are subject to various laws, regulations, and
uncertainties as to environmental matters.
Compliance may require them to incur substantial additional costs
to modify or replace existing and proposed
equipment and facilities and may affect adversely the lead time,
size, and siting of future generating stations,
increase the complexity and cost of pollution control equipment,
and otherwise add to the cost of future
operations.
Construction estimates for 1995 and 1996 include $61 million and
$7 million, respectively, for compliance with
Phase I of the CAAA.  Through 1998, annual construction
expenditures are not expected to significantly exceed
1995 estimated levels.  Construction expenditure levels in 1999
and beyond will depend upon the strategy
eventually selected for complying with Phase II of the CAAA, as
well as future generation requirements.

LITIGATION:
In the normal course of business, the companies become involved
in various legal proceedings. The companies do
not believe that the ultimate outcome of these proceedings will
have a material effect on their financial
position.
<PAGE>
                                                     F-17

                                       REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS


To the Board of Directors of
Monongahela Power Company


         In our opinion, the financial statements listed in the
accompanying index present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of Monongahela Power Company (a subsidiary of
Allegheny Power System, Inc.) at December 31, 1994 and 1993, and
the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the
three years in the period ended December 31, 1994, in conformity
with generally accepted accounting principles.  These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company's management;
our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audits.  We conducted our audits of these
statements in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards which require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, and
evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.  We
believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for the
opinion expressed above.

         As discussed in Notes A, B and F to the financial
statements, the Company changed its method of accounting for
revenue recognition in 1994 and for income taxes and
postretirement benefits other than pensions in 1993.


                                                   PRICE WATERHOUSE LLP
                                                   PRICE WATERHOUSE LLP

New York, New York
February 2, 1995
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     F-18

Monongahela

STATEMENT OF INCOME

                                                 YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
                                           1994             1993            1992
                                                 (Thousands of Dollars)

Electric Operating Revenues:
  <S>                                       <C>             <C>             <C>  
  Residential                               $190 861        $185 141        $169 589
  Commercial                                 116 201         110 762         102 709
  Industrial                                 202 181         187 669         186 442
  Nonaffiliated utilities                     79 701          86 032         119 628
  Other, including affiliates                 91 186          72 240          53 595
    Total Operating Revenues                 680 130         641 844         631 963
Operating Expenses:
  Operation:
    Fuel                                     150 088         144 408         149 219
    Purchased power and exchanges, net       161 839         155 602         153 272
    Deferred power costs, net (Note A)         7 604          (2 489)          5 468
    Other                                     74 907          66 506          64 043
    Maintenance                               69 389          67 770          62 909
    Depreciation                              57 952          56 056          53 865
    Taxes other than income taxes             40 404          34 076          33 207
    Federal and state 
      income taxes (Note B)                   30 712          33 612          27 919
      Total Operating Expenses               592 895         555 541         549 902
    Operating Income                          87 235          86 303          82 061
Other Income and Deductions:
  Allowance for other than borrowed funds used
    during construction (Note A)               1 566           3 092           2 007
  Other income, net                            7 911           7 203           8 388
    Total Other Income and Deductions          9 477          10 295          10 395
  Income Before Interest Charges              96 712          96 598          92 456
Interest Charges:
  Interest on long-term debt                  35 187          35 555          34 241
  Other interest                               2 969           2 033           1 772
  Allowance for borrowed funds used
    during construction (Note A)              (1 380)         (2 688)         (1 901)
    Total Interest Charges                    36 776          34 900          34 112
  Income Before Cumulative Effect 
    of Accounting Change                      59 936          61 698          58 344
  Cumulative Effect of 
    Accounting Change, net (Note A)            7 945
  Net Income                                 $67 881         $61 698         $58 344
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     F-19

STATEMENT OF RETAINED EARNINGS
<S>                                         <C>             <C>             <C>  
Balance at January 1                        $185 486        $178 084        $171 307
Add:
  Net income                                  67 881          61 698          58 344
                                             253 367         239 782         229 651
Deduct:
  Dividends on capital stock:
    Preferred stock                            7 260           4 458           4 845
    Common stock                              47 481          49 838          46 532
    Charge on redemption of preferred stock                                      190
      Total Deductions                        54 741          54 296          51 567
  Balance at December 31 (Note C)           $198 626        $185 486        $178 084

See accompanying notes to financial statements.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     F-20
Monongahela Power Company

STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

                                                   YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
                                           1994             1993            1992
                                                   (Thousands of Dollars)

Cash Flows from Operations:
  <S>                                      <C>              <C>              <C> 
  Net income                               $67 881          $61 698          $58 344
  Depreciation                              57 952           56 056           53 865
  Deferred investment credit and
    income taxes, net                        3 350            6 352            6 982
  Deferred power costs, net                  7 604           (2 489)           5 468
  Unconsolidated subsidiaries' 
    dividends in excess of earnings          1 647            1 971            2 552
  Allowance for other than borrowed 
    funds used during construction          (1 566)          (3 092)          (2 007)
  Cumulative effect of accounting 
    change before income taxes (Note A)     (13 279)
  Changes in certain current assets and 
    liabilities:
  Accounts receivable, net, excluding 
    cumulative effect of accounting 
    change (Note A)                           4 756           (8 412)         (1 386)
  Materials and supplies                     (5 944)          12 917          (7 434)
  Accounts payable                           (2 044)             129          10 599
  Taxes accrued                                (950)          (5 674)         (8 441)
  Interest accrued                              286              290           1 178
  Other, net                                  1 731            3 296            (558)
                                            121 424          123 042         119 162
Cash Flows from Investing:
  Construction expenditures                (103 975)        (140 748)      (126 422)
  Allowance for other than borrowed
    funds used during construction            1 566            3 092           2 007
                                           (102 409)        (137 656)       (124 415)
Cash Flows from Financing:
  Sale of common stock                                                        40 000
  Sale of preferred stock                    49 635
  Retirement of preferred stock                                               (5 194)
  Issuance of long-term debt                  9 718           82 331         156 311
  Retirement of long-term debt                               (68 471)        (89 414)
  Short-term debt, net                      (26 530)          63 100         (53 117)
  Notes payable to affiliates                 2 900           (8 030)          8 030
Dividends on capital stock:
    Preferred stock                          (7 260)          (4 458)        (4 845)
    Common stock                            (47 481)         (49 838)       (46 532)
                                            (19 018)          14 634          5 239
Net Change in Cash and
  Temporary Cash Investments (Note G)            (3)              20            (14)
  Cash and Temporary Cash Investments 
    at January 1                                135              115            129
  Cash and Temporary Cash Investments
    at December 31                             $132             $135           $115
  Supplemental cash flow information
Cash paid during the year for:
   Interest (net of amount capitalized)     $35 347          $33 941        $32 486
   Income taxes                              29 939           30 982         22 946

See accompanying notes to financial statements.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>

                                                     F-21

BALANCE SHEET
                                                       DECEMBER 31
                                                   1994             1993
                                                   (Thousands of Dollars)

ASSETS
  Property, Plant, and Equipment:
    At original cost, including $35,856,000 and
      $144,621,000 under construction              $1 763 533      $1 684 322
    Accumulated depreciation                         (701 271)       (664 947)
                                                    1 062 262       1 019 375
  Investments:
    Allegheny Generating Company-common stock
      at equity (Note D)                                60 137          61 698
    Other                                                  509             595 
                                                        60 646          62 293
  Current Assets:
    Cash                                                    132            135
  Accounts receivable:
    Electric service, net of $1,912,000 and
      $1,084,000 uncollectible allowance (Note A)       62 631          48 995
    Affiliated and other                                 9 483          14 596
  Materials and supplies-at average cost:
     Operating and construction                         24 563          22 393
     Fuel                                               23 678          19 904
     Prepaid taxes                                      17 599          19 788
     Deferred power costs (Note A)                       1 852          10 823
     Other                                               5 328           3 772
                                                       145 266         140 406
  Deferred Charges:
    Regulatory assets (Note B)                         186 109         162 842
    Unamortized loss on reacquired debt                 11 500          12 229
    Other                                               10 700          10 308
                                                       208 309         185 379
      Total                                         $1 476 483      $1 407 453

CAPITALIZATION AND LIABILITIES
Capitalization:
  Common stock, other paid-in capital, and retained
    earnings (Notes C and H)                        $  495 693      $  483 030
  Preferred stock, not subject to mandatory
    redemption (Note H)                                114 000          64 000
  Long-term debt (Note I)                              470 131         460 129
                                                     1 079 824       1 007 159
Current Liabilities:
  Short-term debt (Note J)                              36 570          63 100
  Notes payable to affiliates (Note J)                   2 900
  Accounts payable                                      31 871          31 752
  Accounts payable to affiliates                         6 021           8 184
Taxes accrued:
  Federal and state income                                 118
  Other                                                 20 193          21 261
  Interest accrued                                      10 927          10 641
  Other                                                 16 455          18 994
                                                       125 055         153 932
Deferred Credits and Other Liabilities:
  Unamortized investment credit                         24 734          26 883
  Deferred income taxes                                216 264         192 466
  Regulatory liabilities (Note B)                       19 974          19 179
  Other                                                 10 632           7 834
                                                       271 604         246 362
  Commitments and Contingencies (Note K)
    Total                                           $1 476 483      $1 407 453
See accompanying notes to financial statements.
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     F-22

STATEMENT OF CAPITALIZATION

                                                                         DECEMBER 31
                                                            1994            1993             1994     1993
                                                            (Thousands of Dollars)   (Capitalization Ratios)

Common Stock:
  Common stock-par value $50 per share, authorized
    8,000,000 shares, outstanding 5,891,000 shares
    <C>                                                     <C>             <C>              <C>       <C> 
    (issued 800,000 shares in 1992)                         $294 550        $294 550       
  Other paid-in capital (Note H)                               2 517           2 994
  Retained earnings (Note C)                                 198 626         185 486
    Total                                                    495 693         483 030         45.9%    48.0%
Preferred Stock (not subject to mandatory redemption):
  Cumulative preferred stock-par value $100 per share,
    authorized 1,500,000 shares, outstanding as follows
(Note H):

                 December 31, 1994
                                  Regular 
                 Shares           Call Price       Date of
Series           Outstanding      Per Share         Issue
4.40%             90 000          $106.50           1945       9 000          9 000
4.80% B           40 000           105.25           1947       4 000          4 000
4.50% C           60 000           103.50           1950       6 000          6 000
$6.28 D           50 000           102.86           1967       5 000          5 000
$7.36 E           50 000           103.36           1968       5 000          5 000
$8.80 G           50 000           104.20           1971       5 000          5 000
$7.92 H           50 000           103.52           1972       5 000          5 000
$7.92 I          100 000           103.52           1973      10 000         10 000
$8.60 J          150 000           103.33           1976      15 000         15 000
$7.73 L          500 000           100.00           1994      50 000
    Total (annual dividend requirements $8,323,000)          114 000         64 000           10.6     6.3

Long-Term Debt (Note I):
First mortgage
bonds:     Date of           Date          Date
           Issue          Redeemable       Due

5-1/2%      1966            1994           1996               18 000         18 000
6-1/2%      1967            1994           1997               15 000         15 000
5-5/8%      1993            2000           2000               65 000         65 000
7-3/8%      1992            2002           2002               25 000         25 000
7-1/4%      1992            2002           2007               25 000         25 000
8-7/8%      1989            1994           2019               70 000         70 000
8-5/8%      1991            2001           2021               50 000         50 000
8-1/2%      1992            1997           2022               65 000         65 000
8-3/8%      1992            2002           2022               40 000         40 000

                                  Interest Rate
Secured notes due 1998-2024
                                  5.95%-7.75%                  74 050         65 225
Unsecured notes due 1996-2012     6.30%-6.40%                   7 560          7 560
Installment purchase obligations 
  due 1998                        6.875%                       19 100         19 100
Unamortized debt discount and premium, net                     (3 579)        (3 785)
  Total (annual interest requirements $35,550,131)            470 131        461 100           42.8     42.7
  Less amount on deposit with trustee                                            971
  Total                                                       470 131        460 129           43.5     45.7
  Total Capitalization                                      $1 079 824      $1 007 159        100.0    100.0%

See accompanying notes to financial statements.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>

                                                    F-23

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(These notes are an integral part of the financial statements.)

Note A-Summary of Significant Accounting Policies:
  The Company is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Allegheny Power
System, Inc. and is a part of the Allegheny Power integrated
electric utility system (the System).
  The Company is subject to regulation by the Securities and
Exchange Commission (SEC), by various state bodies having
jurisdiction, and by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission
(FERC). Significant accounting policies of the Company are
summarized below.

REVENUES:
  Revenues, including amounts resulting from the application of
fuel and energy cost adjustment clauses, are recognized in the
same period in which the related electric services are provided
to customers by recording an estimate for unbilled revenues for
services provided from the meter reading date to the end of the
accounting period. This procedure has been utilized for a number
of years in West Virginia, as required by the Public Service
Commission of West Virginia, and was adopted for all revenues
beginning in 1994.

DEFERRED POWER COSTS, NET:
  The costs of fuel, purchased power, and certain other costs,
and revenues from sales and transmission services to other
utilities, are deferred until they are either recovered from or
credited to customers under fuel and energy cost recovery
procedures.

PROPERTY, PLANT, AND EQUIPMENT:
  Property, plant, and equipment, including facilities owned with
affiliates in the System, are stated at original cost, less
contributions in aid of construction, except for capital leases
which are recorded at present value. Cost includes direct labor
and material, allowance for funds used during construction
(AFUDC) on property for which construction work in progress is
not included in rate base, and such indirect costs as
administration, maintenance, and depreciation of transportation
and construction equipment, and pensions, taxes, and other fringe
benefits related to employees engaged in construction.
  The cost of depreciable property units retired, plus removal
costs less salvage, are charged to accumulated depreciation.

ALLOWANCE FOR FUNDS USED DURING CONSTRUCTION:
  AFUDC, an item that does not represent current cash income, is
defined in applicable regulatory systems of accounts as including
"the net cost for the period of construction of borrowed funds
used for construction purposes and a reasonable rate on other 
<PAGE>
                                                     F-24

funds when so used". AFUDC is recognized as a cost of property,
plant, and equipment with offsetting credits to other income and
interest charges. Rates used for computing AFUDC in 1994, 1993,
and 1992 were 8.16%, 8.69%, and 8.23%, respectively. AFUDC is not
included in the cost of such construction when the cost of
financing the construction is being recovered through rates.

DEPRECIATION AND MAINTENANCE:
  Provisions for depreciation are determined generally on a
straight-line method based on estimated service lives of
depreciable properties and amounted to approximately 3.6% of
average depreciable property in 1994 and 3.8% in each of the
years 1993 and 1992.
  The cost of maintenance and of certain replacements of
property, plant, and equipment is charged principally to
operating expenses.

INCOME TAXES:
  The Company joins with its parent and affiliates in filing a
consolidated federal income tax return. The consolidated tax
liability is allocated among the participants generally in
proportion to the taxable income of each participant, except that
no subsidiary pays tax in excess of its separate return tax
liability.
  Financial accounting income before income taxes differs from
taxable income principally because certain income and deductions
for tax purposes are recorded in the financial income statement
in another period. Differences between income tax expense
computed on the basis of financial accounting income and taxes
payable based on taxable income are accounted for substantially
in accordance with the accounting procedures followed for
ratemaking purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities recorded
in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board
(FASB) Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No.
109, "Accounting for Income Taxes", represent the tax effect of
temporary differences between the financial statement and tax
basis of assets and liabilities computed utilizing the most
current tax rates.
  Provisions for federal income tax were reduced in previous
years by investment credits, and amounts equivalent to such
credits were charged to income with concurrent credits to a
deferred account, balances of which are being amortized over
estimated service lives of the related properties.

POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS:
  The Company participates with affiliated companies in the
System in a noncontributory, defined benefit pension plan
covering substantially all employees, including officers.
Benefits are based on the employee's years of service and
compensation. The funding policy is to contribute annually at
least the minimum amount required under the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act and not more than can be deducted for federal
income tax purposes.
<PAGE>
                                                     F-25

  The Company also provides partially contributory medical and
life insurance plans for eligible retirees and dependents.
Medical benefits, which comprise the largest component of the
plans, are based upon an age and years-of-service vesting
schedule and other plan provisions. The funding plan for these
costs is to contribute to Voluntary Employee Beneficiary
Association (VEBA) trust funds an amount equal to the annual cost
as determined by SFAS No. 106 (described below). Medical benefits
are self-insured; the life insurance plan is paid through
insurance premiums.
  The FASB has prescribed the determination of annual pension and
other postretirement benefits expenses in SFAS No. 87,
"Employers' Accounting for Pensions", and SFAS No. 106,
"Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than
Pensions", respectively. The Company records annual pension
expense in accordance with SFAS No. 87. Prior to 1994, regulatory
deferrals of these benefit expenses were recorded pursuant to
SFAS No. 71, "Accounting for the Effects of Certain Types of
Regulation", for West Virginia and Ohio jurisdictions. These
jurisdictions reflected as net expense the funding of pensions
and cash payments of other benefits in the ratemaking process.
Regulatory deferrals of SFAS No. 106 benefits expenses were
recorded for Ohio and West Virginia jurisdictions in which SFAS
No. 106 costs were not yet included in rates.

ACCOUNTING CHANGES:
  Effective January 1, 1994, the Company changed its revenue
recognition method for revenues to include the accrual of
estimated unbilled revenues for electric services. This change
results in a better matching of revenues and expenses, and is
consistent with predominant utility industry practice and the
practice used in West Virginia for a number of years. The
cumulative effect of this accounting change for the years prior
to the adoption of this practice, including West Virginia, is
shown separately in the statement of income for 1994, and
resulted in a benefit of $7.9 million (after related income taxes
of $5.4 million). The effect of the change on the current year's
income before the cumulative effect of accounting change, as well
as on 1993 and 1992 net income, is not material.
  Effective January 1, 1993, the Company adopted SFAS No. 106,
"Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than
Pensions". Prior to 1993, medical expenses and life insurance
premiums paid for retired employees and their dependents were
recorded as expense in the period they were paid. Also effective
January 1, 1993, the Company adopted SFAS No. 109, "Accounting
for Income Taxes". This standard mandated a change from the
previous income-based deferral approach to a balance sheet-based
liability approach for computing deferred income taxes.
<PAGE>
                                                     F-26

Note B-Income Taxes:
  Details of federal and state income tax provisions are:
                                                   1994     1993    1992
                                                   (Thousands of Dollars)

Income taxes-current:
  Federal                                          $27 793  $25 618 $20 365
  State                                              4 841    1 692     830
    Total                                           32 634   27 310  21 195
Income taxes-deferred, net of amortization           5 499    8 517   9 364
Investment credit disallowed                                           (207)
Amortization of deferred investment credit         (2 149)  (2 165)  (2 175)
  Total income taxes                                35 984   33 662  28 177
Income taxes-credited (charged) to other income         63     (50)    (258)
Income taxes-charged to accounting change (including
  state income taxes)                               (5 335)
Income taxes-charged to operating income           $30 712  $33 612 $27 919

  The total provision for income taxes is different than the
amount produced by applying the federal income statutory tax rate
to financial accounting income as set forth below:

                                                   1994     1993    1992
                                                   (Thousands of Dollars)
Financial accounting income before cumulative effect
  of accounting change and income taxes            $90 648  $95 310 $86 263
Amount so produced                                 $31 700  $33 400 $29 300
Increased (decreased) for:
  Tax deductions for which deferred
    tax was not provided:
      Lower tax depreciation                         5 400    5 700   4 900
   Plant removal costs                             (2 100)  (3 000)  (2 600)
   State income tax, net of federal 
     income tax benefit                              3 500    3 800   3 800
   Amortization of deferred investment credit      (2 149)  (2 165) (2 175)
   Equity in earnings of subsidiaries              (2 800)  (2 500) (2 800)
   Adjustments of provisions for prior years       (1 900)      400   (100)
   Other, net                                        (939)  (2 023) (2 406)
     Total                                         $30 712  $33 612 $27 919

  Federal income tax returns through 1991 have been examined and
substantially settled.
<PAGE>
                                                     F-27

  In adopting SFAS No. 109, the Company recognized a significant
increase in both deferred tax assets and liabilities. At December
31, the deferred tax assets and liabilities were comprised of the
following:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            1994            1993
                                                            (Thousands of Dollars)
Deferred tax assets:
  <S>                                                       <C>             <C> 
  Unamortized investment tax credit                         $16 604         $18 043
  Unbilled revenue                                                             4 181
  Tax interest capitalized                                     4 907           2 430
  Contributions in aid of construction                         2 223           2 058
  Vacation pay                                                   760           1 958
  Advances for construction                                    1 771           1 601
  Other                                                        9 987           4 455
                                                              36 252          34 726
Deferred tax liabilities:
  Book vs. tax plant basis differences, net                  228 997         205 829
  Other                                                       22 425          23 411
                                                             251 422         229 240
Total net deferred tax liabilities                           215 170         194 514
Add portion above included in 
  current assets (liabilities)                                 1 094          (2 048)
Total long-term net deferred tax liabilities                $216 264        $192 466
</TABLE>
  It is expected that regulatory commissions will allow recovery
of the deferred tax liabilities in future years as they are paid,
and accordingly, the Company has recorded regulatory assets of
$174 million which offset the increase in deferred tax
liabilities. Regulatory liabilities of $20 million have been
recorded which offset the increase in deferred tax assets in
order to reflect the Company's obligation to pass such tax
benefits on to its customers as the benefits are realized in cash
in future years.

Note C-Dividend Restriction:
  Supplemental indentures relating to most outstanding bonds of
the Company contain dividend restrictions under the most
restrictive of which $103,482,000 of retained earnings at
December 31, 1994, is not available for cash dividends on common
stock, except that a portion thereof may be paid as cash
dividends where concurrently an equivalent amount of cash is
received by the Company as a capital contribution or as the
proceeds of the issue and sale of shares of its common stock.

Note D-Allegheny Generating Company:
  The Company owns 27% of the common stock of Allegheny
Generating Company (AGC), and affiliates of the Company own the
remainder. AGC owns an undivided 40% interest, 840 MW, in the
2,100-MW pumped-storage hydroelectric station in Bath County,
Virginia operated by the 60% owner, Virginia Power Company, a
nonaffiliated utility.
  AGC recovers from the Company and its affiliates all of its
operation and maintenance expenses, depreciation, taxes, and a
return on its investment under a wholesale rate schedule approved
by the FERC. Through February 29, 1992, AGC's return on equity
(ROE) was adjusted annually pursuant to a settlement agreement
approved by the FERC.
<PAGE>
                                                     F-28

  In December 1991, AGC filed for a continuation of the existing
ROE of 11.53% and other parties (the Consumer Advocate Division
of the West Virginia PSC, Maryland People's Counsel, and
Pennsylvania Office of Consumer Advocate, collectively referred
to as the joint consumer advocates or JCA) filed to reduce the
ROE to 10%. Hearings were completed in June 1992, and a
recommendation was issued by an Administrative Law Judge (ALJ) on
December 21, 1993, for an ROE of 10.83%, which the JCA argues
should be further adjusted to reflect changes in capital market
conditions since the hearings. Exceptions to this recommendation
were filed by all parties for consideration by the FERC. On
January 28, 1994, the JCA filed a joint complaint with the FERC
against AGC claiming that both the existing ROE of 11.53% and the
ROE recommended by the ALJ of 10.83% were unjust and
unreasonable. This new complaint requested an ROE of 8.53% with
rates subject to refund beginning April 1, 1994. Hearings were
completed in November 1994 and a recommendation was issued by an
ALJ on December 22, 1994, dismissing the JCA's complaint. A
settlement agreement for both cases is currently pending, which
would reduce AGC's ROE to 11.13% for the period from March 1,
1992, through December 31, 1994, and increase AGC's ROE to 11.20%
for the period from January 1, 1995, through December 31, 1995.
  Following is a summary of financial information for AGC:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                December 31
                                                            1994            1993
                                                            (Thousands of Dollars)

Balance sheet information:
  <S>                                                       <C>             <C>  
  Property, plant, and equipment                            $680 749        $696 529
  Current assets                                               5 991          11 063
  Deferred charges                                            27 496          28 337
  Total assets                                              $714 236        $735 929
  Total capitalization                                      $489 894        $505 708
  Current liabilities                                          6 484          21 891
  Deferred credits                                           217 858         208 330
    Total capitalization and liabilities                    $714 236        $735 929

                                                            Year Ended December 31
                                                   1994             1993             1992
(Thousands of Dollars)
Income statement information:
  Electric operating revenues                      $91 022          $90 606          $96 147
  Operation and maintenance expense                  6 695            6 609            6 094
  Depreciation                                      16 852           16 899           16 827
  Taxes other than income taxes                      5 223            5 347            5 236
  Federal income taxes                              14 737           13 262           14 702
  Interest charges                                  17 809           21 635           22 585
  Other income, net                                    (11)            (328)             (21)
  Net income                                       $29 717          $27 182          $30 724
</TABLE>

  Results for 1994 reflect the effect of the pending settlement
agreement. The Company's share of the equity in earnings above
was $8.0 million, $7.3 million, and $8.3 million for 1994, 1993,
and 1992, respectively, and is included in other income, net, on
the Statement of Income.
<PAGE>


                                                     F-29

Note E-Pension Benefits:
  The Company's share of net pension costs under the System's
pension plan, a portion of which (about 25% to 30%) was charged
to plant construction, included the following components:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   1994             1993             1992
                                                        (Thousands of Dollars)
<S>                                                <C>              <C>              <C> 
Service cost - benefits earned                     $ 3 677          $  3 198         $ 3 054
Interest cost on projected benefit obligation        9 045             8 577           8 470
Actual loss (return) on plan assets                     87           (22 606)        (14 863)
Net amortization and deferral                      (11 563)           12 048           4 453
SFAS No. 87 pension cost                             1 246             1 217           1 114
Regulatory reversal (deferral)                       3 718            (1 179)         (1 114)
Net pension cost                                   $ 4 964          $     38         $ ----
</TABLE>
  The benefits earned to date and funded status of the Company's
share of the System plan at December 31 using a measurement date
of September 30 were as follows:

                                                   1994             1993
                                                   (Thousands of Dollars)
Actuarial present value of accumulated benefit
  obligation earned to date (including vested benefit
  of $92,823,000 and $91,750,000)                  $ 99 605         $ 98 898
Funded status:
  Actuarial present value of projected 
    benefit obligation                             $123 935         $128 201
  Plan assets at market value, primarily 
    common stocks and fixed income securities       134 166          141 195
  Plan assets in excess of projected 
    benefit obligation                              (10 231)         (12 994)
Add:
  Unrecognized cumulative net gain from past experience
    different from that assumed                      13 969           15 187
  Unamortized transition asset, being amortized over
    14 years beginning January 1, 1987                3 988            4 711
  Less unrecognized prior service cost 
    due to plan amendments                            2 471            2 891
  Pension cost liability at September 30              5 255            4 013
  Fourth quarter contributions                        1 829              - 
  Pension liability at December 31                   $3 426           $4 013

  The foregoing includes the Company's portion of amounts
applicable to employees at power stations which are owned jointly
with affiliates.
  In determining the actuarial present value of the projected
benefit obligation at September 30, 1994, 1993, and 1992, the
discount rates used were 7.75%, 7.25%, and 7.75%, and the rates
of increase in future compensation levels were 4.75%, 4.75%, and
5.25%, respectively. The expected long-term rate of return on
assets was 9% in each of the years 1994, 1993, and 1992.
<PAGE>
                                                     F-30

Note F-Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions:
  The Company adopted SFAS No. 106 as of January 1, 1993, which
requires accrual of postretirement benefits other than pensions
(principally health care and life insurance) for employees and
covered dependents during the years the employees render the
necessary service to receive such benefits. Prior to 1993,
medical expenses and life insurance premiums paid by the Company
for retired employees and their dependents were recorded in
expense in the period in which they were paid ($2,390,000 in
1992).
  SFAS No. 106 postretirement cost in 1994 and 1993, a portion of
which (about 25% to 30%) was charged to plant construction,
included the following components:


                                                   1994             1993
                                                   (Thousands of Dollars)
Service cost - benefits earned                     $  764           $  478
Interest cost on accumulated postretirement
  benefit obligation                                3 655            2 819
Actual loss (return) on plan assets                    38               (5)
Amortization of unrecognized transition 
  obligation                                        1 783            1 772
Other net amortization and deferral                    50                5
SFAS No. 106 postretirement cost                    6 290            5 069
Regulatory deferral                                (3 450)          (1 981)
Net postretirement cost                            $2 840           $3 088

  The benefits earned to date and funded status of the Company's
share of the System plan at December 31 using a measurement date
of September 30 were as follows:

                                                   1994             1993
                                                   (Thousands of Dollars)
Accumulated postretirement benefit obligation:
  Retirees                                         $33 528          $32 469
  Fully eligible employees                           4 947            4 348
  Other employees                                   14 458           14 664
    Total obligation                                52 933           51 481
Plan assets at market value                          5 338            1 230
Accumulated postretirement benefit obligation in excess of
  plan assets                                       47 595           50 251
Less:
  Unrecognized cumulative net loss from past
  experience different from that assumed            12 752           14 161
  Unrecognized transition obligation, being
    amortized over 20 years beginning 
    January 1, 1993                                 32 368           34 059
  Postretirement benefit liability at 
    September 30                                     2 475            2 031
  Fourth quarter contributions and
    benefit payments                                 1 437              997
  Postretirement benefit liability at December 31   $1 038           $1 034

<PAGE>
                                                     F-31

  The plan assets at market value are comprised of fixed income
securities, common stocks, and a short-term investment fund in
1994; and a short-term investment fund in 1993.
  The unfunded accumulated postretirement benefit obligation
(APBO) at January 1, 1993, of $35,800,000 (transition
obligation), is being amortized prospectively over 20 years as
permitted by SFAS No. 106.
  In determining the APBO at September 30, 1994, 1993, and 1992,
the discount rates used were 7.75%, 7.25%, and 8%, and the rates
of increase in future compensation levels were 4.75%, 4.75%, and
5.5%, respectively. The 1994 expected long-term rate of return on
assets was 8.25% net of tax. For measurement purposes, a health
care trend rate of 9% for 1995, declining 1% each year thereafter
to 6.75% in the year 1998 and beyond, and plan provisions which
limit future medical and life insurance benefits, were assumed.
Increasing the assumed health care trend rate by 1% in each year
would increase the APBO at December 31, 1994, by $3.6 million and
the aggregate of the service and interest cost components of net
periodic postretirement benefit cost for 1994 by $.3 million.

Note G-Fair Value of Financial Instruments:
  The carrying amounts and estimated fair value of financial
instruments at December 31, 1994 and 1993 were as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                  1994                              1993
                          Carrying         Fair             Carrying        Fair
                          Amount           Value            Amount          Value
                                           (Thousands of Dollars)

Liabilities:
<S>                       <C>              <C>              <C>             <C>  
Short-term debt           $ 36 570         $ 36 570         $ 63 100        $ 63 100
Long-term debt             473 710          458 714          464 885         485 713
</TABLE>
  The carrying amount of short-term debt approximates the fair
value because of the short maturity of those instruments. The
fair value of long-term debt was estimated based on actual market
prices or market prices of similar issues. The Company does not
have any financial instruments held or issued for trading
purposes.
  For purposes of the statement of cash flows, temporary cash
investments with original maturities of three months or less,
generally in the form of commercial paper, certificates of
deposit, and repurchase agreements, are considered to be the
equivalent of cash.

Note H-Stockholders' Equity:
COMMON STOCK AND OTHER PAID-IN CAPITAL:
  In September 1992, the Company issued and sold to its parent,
800,000 shares of its common stock at $50 per share. Other
paid-in capital decreased $477,000 in 1994 as a result of
underwriting fees and commissions associated with the Company's 
<PAGE>
                                                     F-32

sale of $50 million of preferred stock. Other paid-in capital
decreased $4,000 in 1992 as a result of a preferred stock
redemption.
PREFERRED STOCK:
  In May 1994, the Company issued 500,000 shares of Series L,
$7.73 cumulative preferred stock with par value of $100 per
share. This Series is not redeemable prior to August 1, 2004. All
of the preferred stock is entitled on voluntary liquidation to
its then current call price and on involuntary liquidation to
$100 a share.

Note I-Long-Term Debt:
  Maturities for long-term debt for the next five years are:
1995, none; 1996, $18,500,000; 1997, $15,500,000; 1998,
$20,100,000; and 1999, $1,000,000. Substantially all of the
properties of the Company are held subject to the lien securing
its first mortgage bonds. Some properties are also subject to a
second lien securing certain pollution control and solid waste
disposal notes. Certain first mortgage bond series are not
redeemable by certain refunding until dates established in the
respective supplemental indentures.

Note J-Short-Term Debt:
  To provide interim financing and support for outstanding
commercial paper, the System companies have established lines of
credit with several banks. The Company has SEC authorization for
total short-term borrowings of $100 million including money pool
borrowings described below. The Company has fee arrangements on
all of its lines of credit and no compensating balance
requirements. In addition to bank lines of credit, an internal
money pool accommodates intercompany short-term borrowing needs,
to the extent that certain of the companies have funds available.
In January 1994, the Company and its affiliates jointly
established an aggregate $300 million multi-year credit program
which provides that the Company may borrow up to $81 million on a
standby revolving credit basis. Short-term debt outstanding for
1994 and 1993 consisted of:

                                           1994             1993
                                           (Thousands of Dollars)
Balance at end of year:
  Commercial Paper                         $24,970-6.21%     -
  Notes Payable to Banks                    11,600-6.43%    $63,100-3.45%
  Money Pool                                 2,900-5.49%     -
Average amount outstanding during the year:
  Commercial Paper                           8,751-3.58%      3,467-3.19%
  Notes Payable to Banks                    15,283-3.89%     10,627-3.20%
  Money Pool                                11,363-4.51%      8,227-3.01%
<PAGE>

                                                     F-33

Note K-Commitments and Contingencies:
CONSTRUCTION PROGRAM:
  The Company has entered into commitments for its construction
program, for which expenditures are estimated to be $74 million
for 1995 and $70 million for 1996. These estimates include
expenditures for the program of complying with the Clean Air Act
Amendments of 1990 (CAAA) as discussed below.

ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS:
  System companies are subject to various laws, regulations, and
uncertainties as to environmental matters. Compliance may require
them to incur substantial additional costs to modify or replace
existing and proposed equipment and facilities and may affect
adversely the lead time, size, and siting of future generating
stations, increase the complexity and cost of pollution control
equipment, and otherwise add to the cost of future operations. 

Construction estimates for 1995 and 1996 include $11 million and
$2 million, respectively, for compliance with Phase I of the
CAAA. Through 1998, annual construction expenditures, on average,
are not expected to significantly exceed 1995 estimated levels.
Construction expenditure levels in 1999 and beyond will depend
upon the strategy eventually selected for complying with Phase II
of the CAAA, as well as future generation requirements.

LITIGATION AND OTHER:
  In the normal course of business, the Company becomes involved
in various legal proceedings. The Company does not believe that
the ultimate outcome of these proceedings will have a material
effect on its financial position.
  The Company is guarantor as to 27% of a $50 million revolving
credit agreement of AGC, which in 1994 was used by AGC solely as
support for its indebtedness for commercial paper outstanding.
<PAGE>

                                                     F-34

                                       REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS


To the Board of Directors of
The Potomac Edison Company


         In our opinion, the financial statements listed in the
accompanying index present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of The Potomac Edison Company (a subsidiary of
Allegheny Power System, Inc.) at December 31, 1994 and 1993, and
the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the
three years in the period ended December 31, 1994, in conformity
with generally accepted accounting principles.  These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company's management;
our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audits.  We conducted our audits of these
statements in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards which require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, and
evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.  We
believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for the
opinion expressed above.

         As discussed in Notes A, B and F to the financial
statements, the Company changed its method of accounting for
revenue recognition in 1994 and for income taxes and
postretirement benefits other than pensions in 1993.



                                                   PRICE WATERHOUSE LLP
                                                   PRICE WATERHOUSE LLP

New York, New York
February 2, 1995
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                     F-35
Potomac Edison

STATEMENT OF INCOME
                                                   YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
                                           1994             1993            1992
                                                   (Thousands of Dollars)

Electric Operating Revenues:
  <S>                                      <C>              <C>             <C>  
  Residential                              $296 090         $274 358        $243 413
  Commercial                                135 937          124 667         111 506
  Industrial                                195 089          175 902         157 304
  Nonaffiliated utilities                   107 027          108 132         141 120
  Other, including affiliates                25 222           29 526          34 544
    Total Operating Revenues                759 365          712 585         687 887
Operating Expenses:
  Operation:
    Fuel                                    145 045          143 587         150 218
    Purchased power and exchanges, net      217 137          205 073         201 220
    Deferred power costs, net (Note A)        1 321           (9 953)         (3 850)
    Other                                    85 024           74 438          67 351
    Maintenance                              58 624           64 376          53 141 
    Depreciation                             59 989           56 449          53 446
    Taxes other than income taxes            46 740           46 813          45 791
    Federal and state income taxes
      (Note B)                               33 163           30 086          28 422
      Total Operating Expenses              647 043          610 869         595 739
    Operating Income                        112 322          101 716          92 148
Other Income and Deductions:
  Allowance for other than borrowed 
   funds used during construction 
   (Note A)                                   3 671            4 329           3 204
  Other income, net                          10 243            8 419           9 352
    Total Other Income and Deductions        13 914           12 748          12 556
    Income Before Interest Charges          126 236          114 464         104 704
Interest Charges:
  Interest on long-term debt                 44 706           42 695          38 081
  Other interest                              1 750            1 107           1 311
  Allowance for borrowed funds used 
   during construction (Note A)              (2 203)          (2 805)         (2 164)
    Total Interest Charges                   44 253           40 997          37 228
  Income Before Cumulative Effect
    of Accounting Change                     81 983           73 467          67 476
  Cumulative Effect of Accounting
    Change, net (Note A)                     16 471
  Net Income                                $98 454          $73 467         $67 476
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     F-36

STATEMENT OF RETAINED EARNINGS
<S>                                        <C>              <C>             <C>  
Balance at January 1                       $176 053         $167 412        $160 515
Add:
  Net income                                 98 454           73 467          67 476
                                            274 507          240 879         227 991
Deduct:
  Dividends on capital stock:
    Preferred stock                           4 331            4 434           6 059
    Common stock                             62 454           60 386          53 731
    Charges on redemption of preferred stock                       6             789
      Total Deductions                       66 785           64 826          60 579
  Balance at December 31 (Note C)          $207 722         $176 053        $167 412         

See accompanying notes to financial statements.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     F-37

STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                   YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
                                           1994             1993            1992
                                                   (Thousands of Dollars)

Cash Flows from Operations:
  <S>                                      <C>              <C>             <C> 
  Net income                               $98 454          $73 467         $67 476
  Depreciation                              59 989           56 449          53 446
  Deferred investment credit 
   and income taxes, net                    12 688           (3 119)          5 192
  Deferred power costs, net                  1 321           (9 953)         (3 850)
  Unconsolidated subsidiaries' 
   dividends in excess of earnings           1 704            2 042           2 642
  Allowance for other than borrowed 
   funds used during construction           (3 671)          (4 329)         (3 204)
  Cumulative effect of accounting 
  change before income taxes (Note A)      (26 163)
Changes in certain current assets and liabilities:
   Accounts receivable, net, excluding cumulative 
    effect of accounting change (Note A)     6 004           (7 640)         (2 431)
   Materials and supplies                   (5 367)          13 971          (7 464)
   Accounts payable                         (9 981)           2 762          17 902
   Taxes accrued                            (1 083)             240            (224)
   Interest accrued                            563            1 664              69
   Other, net                                 (198)          14 006          (1 850)
                                           134 260          139 560         127 704
Cash Flows from Investing:
  Construction expenditures                (142 826)        (179 433)       (153 485)
  Allowance for other than borrowed 
   funds used during construction            3 671            4 329            3 204
                                           (139 155)        (175 104)       (150 281)
Cash Flows from Financing:
  Sale of common stock                                       50 000           80 000
  Retirement of preferred stock             (1 190)          (1 611)         (22 056)
  Issuance of long-term debt                86 877          142 171           58 101
  Retirement of long-term debt             (16 000)         (123 888)        (46 782)
  Deposit with trustee for redemption
   of long-term debt                                                          47 431
  Notes receivable from affiliates           2 700           33 400          (38 000)
Dividends on capital stock:
  Preferred stock                           (4 331)          (4 434)          (6 059)
  Common stock                             (62 454)         (60 386)         (53 731)
                                             5 602           35 252           18 904
  Net Change in Cash and Temporary 
   Cash Investments (Note G)                   707             (292)          (3 673)
  Cash and Temporary Cash 
   Investments at January 1                  1 489            1 781            5 454
  Cash and Temporary Cash Investments
   at December 31                           $2 196           $1 489           $1 781
Supplemental cash flow information  Cash paid during the year for:
  Interest (net of amount capitalized)     $42 680           $37 427          $36 371
  Income taxes                              30 771            30 378           25 180

See accompanying notes to financial statements.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
                                                     F-38

BALANCE SHEET
                                                     DECEMBER 31
                                                   1994             1993
                                                (Thousands of Dollars)

ASSETS
  Property, Plant, and Equipment:
    At original cost, including $76,365,000
     and $208,308,000 under construction           $1 978 396       $1 857 961
    Accumulated depreciation                         (673 853)        (632 269)
                                                    1 304 543        1 225 692
  Investments and Other Assets:
    Allegheny Generating Company - common stock
      at equity (Note D)                               62 364           63 983
    Other                                                 938              819
                                                       63 302           64 802
  Current Assets:
    Cash                                                2 196            1 489
  Accounts receivable:
    Electric service, net of $1,177,000 and 
      $1,207,000 uncollectible allowance (Note A)      68 714           44 575
    Affiliated and other                                2 403            6 383
    Notes receivable from affiliates (Note J)           1 900            4 600
  Materials and supplies at average cost:
    Operating and construction                         27 800           26 153
    Fuel                                               22 316           18 596
    Prepaid taxes                                      13 168           12 523
    Other                                               5 000            4 000
                                                      143 497          118 319
  Deferred Charges:
    Regulatory assets (Note B)                         88 758           76 962
    Unamortized loss on reacquired debt                 8 344            9 188
    Other                                              21 091           24 800
                                                      118 193          110 950
      Total                                        $1 629 535       $1 519 763

CAPITALIZATION AND LIABILITIES
  Capitalization:
    Common stock, other paid-in capital, and
     retained earnings (Notes C and H)               $658 146         $626 467
    Preferred stock (Note H)                           61 578           62 778
    Long-term debt (Note I)                           604 749          517 910
                                                    1 324 473        1 207 155
  Current Liabilities:
    Long-term debt and preferred stock 
     due within one year (Notes H and I)                1 200           17 200
    Accounts payable                                   37 126           41 986
    Accounts payable to affiliates                     10 485           15 606
  Taxes accrued:
     Federal and state income                            3 565           2 970
     Other                                              11 874          13 552
     Interest accrued                                    9 195           8 632
     Other                                              17 399          22 445
                                                        90 844         122 391
  Deferred Credits and Other Liabilities:
    Unamortized investment credit                       28 041          30 308
    Deferred income taxes                              149 299         133 027
    Regulatory liabilities (Note B)                     16 957          18 490
    Other                                               19 921           8 392
                                                       214 218         190 217
    Commitments and Contingencies (Note K)
      Total                                         $1 629 535      $1 519 763

See accompanying notes to financial statements.
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     F-39

Potomac Edison

STATEMENT OF CAPITALIZATION
                                                        DECEMBER 31
                                                   1994             1993             1994             1993
                                                   (Thousands of Dollars)

(Capitalization Ratios)
Common Stock:
  Common stock-no par value, authorized 
    23,000,000 shares, outstanding 22,385,000 
    shares (issued 2,500,000 shares
    <S>                                            <C>              <C>                <C>             <C>
    in 1993 and 4,000,000 shares in 1992)          $447 700         $447 700
  Other paid-in capital (Note H)                      2 724            2 714
  Retained earnings (Note C)                        207 722          176 053
    Total                                           658 146          626 467         49.7%            51.9%
Preferred Stock:
  Cumulative preferred stock-par value $100 per share,
    authorized 5,388,046 shares, outstanding as follows (Note H):
Not subject to mandatory redemption:

                          December 31, 1994
                          Regular 
         Shares           Call Price       Date of
Series   Outstanding      Per Share        Issue
3.60%     63 784          $103.75          1946       6 378            6 378
$5.88 C  100 000           102.85          1967      10 000           10 000
$7.00 D   50 000           103.20          1968       5 000            5 000
$8.32 F   50 000           103.54          1971       5 000            5 000
$8.00 G  100 000           103.25          1972      10 000           10 000
Total (annual dividend requirements $2,383,622)      36 378           36 378         2.7              3.0

Subject to mandatory redemption:
$7.16 J  264 000          $105.37          1986      26 400           27 600
Total (annual dividend requirements $1,890,240)      26 400           27 600
Less current sinking fund requirement                (1 200)          (1 200)
                                                     25 200           26 400         1.9              2.2
Long-Term Debt (Note I):

First mortgage   Date of  Date             Date 
bonds:           Issue    Redeemable       Due
4-5/8%           1964     1994             1994                       16 000
5-7/8%           1966     1994             1996      18 000           18 000
5-7/8%           1993     2000             2000      75 000           75 000
8%               1991     2001             2006      50 000           50 000
9-1/4%           1989     1994             2019      65 000           65 000
9-5/8%           1990     1995             2020      80 000           80 000
8-7/8%           1991     2001             2021      50 000           50 000
8%               1992     2002             2022      55 000           55 000
7-3/4%           1993     2003             2023      45 000           45 000
8%               1994     2004             2024      75 000

                                  Interest Rate
Secured notes due 1998-2024       5.95%-7.30%          91 700           80 140
Unsecured note due 1996-2002      6.30%                 5 500            5 500
Unamortized debt discount 
  and premium, net                                     (5 451)          (4 456)
  Total  (annual interest requirements $47,887,438)   604 749          535 184
Less current maturities                                                (16 000)
Less amount on deposit with trustee                                     (1 274)
                                                      604 749          517 910        45.7             42.9
  Total Capitalization                             $1 324 473       $1 207 155       100.0%           100.0%

See accompanying notes to financial statements.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>

                                                     F-40

The Potomac Edison Company

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(These notes are an integral part of the financial statements.)

Note A
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies:
  The Company is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Allegheny Power
System, Inc. and is a part of the Allegheny Power integrated
electric utility system (the System).
  The Company is subject to regulation by the Securities and
Exchange Commission (SEC), by various state bodies having
jurisdiction, and by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission
(FERC). Significant accounting policies of the Company are
summarized below.

REVENUES:
  Beginning in 1994, revenues, generally including amounts
resulting from the application of fuel and energy cost adjustment
clauses, are recognized in the same period in which the related
electric services are provided to customers by recording an
estimate for unbilled revenues for services provided from the
meter reading date to the end of the accounting period. In 1993
and 1992, revenues were recorded for billings rendered to
customers. Revenues of $68.0 million from one industrial
customer, Eastalco Aluminum Company, were 9% of total electric
operating revenues in 1994.

DEFERRED POWER COSTS, NET:
  The costs of fuel, purchased power, and certain other costs,
and revenues from sales and transmission services to other
utilities, are deferred until they are either recovered from or
credited to customers under fuel and energy cost recovery
procedures.

PROPERTY, PLANT, AND EQUIPMENT:
  Property, plant, and equipment, including facilities owned with
affiliates in the System, are stated at original cost, less
contributions in aid of construction. Cost includes direct labor
and material, allowance for funds used during construction
(AFUDC) on property for which construction work in progress is
not included in rate base, and such indirect costs as
administration, maintenance, and depreciation of transportation
and construction equipment, and pensions, taxes, and other fringe
benefits related to employees engaged in construction.
  The cost of depreciable property units retired, plus removal
costs less salvage, are charged to accumulated depreciation.

ALLOWANCE FOR FUNDS USED DURING CONSTRUCTION:
  AFUDC, an item that does not represent current cash income, is
defined in applicable regulatory systems of accounts as including
"the net cost for the period of construction of borrowed funds
used for construction purposes and a reasonable rate on other
funds when so used". AFUDC is recognized as a cost of property,
plant, and equipment with offsetting credits to other income and
interest charges. Rates used for computing AFUDC in 1994, 1993, 
<PAGE>
                                                     F-41

and 1992 were 9.73%, 9.97%, and 9.92%, respectively. AFUDC is not
included in the cost of such construction when the cost of
financing the construction is being recovered through rates.
AFUDC is not recorded for construction applicable to the state of
Virginia, where construction work in progress is included in rate
base.

DEPRECIATION AND MAINTENANCE:
  Provisions for depreciation are determined generally on a
straight-line method based on estimated service lives of
depreciable properties and amounted to approximately 3.4% of
average depreciable property in 1994 and 3.6% in each of the
years 1993 and 1992. The cost of maintenance and of certain
replacements of property, plant, and equipment is charged
principally to operating expenses.

INCOME TAXES:
  The Company joins with its parent and affiliates in filing a
consolidated federal income tax return. The consolidated tax
liability is allocated among the participants generally in
proportion to the taxable income of each participant, except that
no subsidiary pays tax in excess of its separate return tax
liability.
  Financial accounting income before income taxes differs from
taxable income principally because certain income and deductions
for tax purposes are recorded in the financial income statement
in another period. Differences between income tax expense
computed on the basis of financial accounting income and taxes
payable based on taxable income are accounted for substantially
in accordance with the accounting procedures followed for
ratemaking purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities recorded
in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board
(FASB) Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No.
109, "Accounting for Income Taxes", represent the tax effect of
temporary differences between the financial statement and tax
basis of assets and liabilities computed utilizing the most
current tax rates.
  Provisions for federal income tax were reduced in previous
years by investment credits, and amounts equivalent to such
credits were charged to income with concurrent credits to a
deferred account, balances of which are being amortized over
estimated service lives of the related properties.

POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS:
  The Company participates with affiliated companies in the
System in a noncontributory, defined benefit pension plan
covering substantially all employees, including officers.
Benefits are based on the employee's years of service and
compensation. The funding policy is to contribute annually at
least the minimum amount required under the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act and not more than can be deducted for federal
income tax purposes.
<PAGE>
                                                     F-42

  The Company also provides partially contributory medical and
life insurance plans for eligible retirees and dependents.
Medical benefits, which comprise the largest component of the
plans, are based upon an age and years-of-service vesting
schedule and other plan provisions. The funding plan for these
costs is to contribute to Voluntary Employee Beneficiary
Association (VEBA) trust funds an amount equal to the annual cost
as determined by SFAS No. 106 (described below). Medical benefits
are self-insured; the life insurance plan is paid through
insurance premiums.
  The FASB has prescribed the determination of annual pension and
other postretirement benefits expenses in SFAS No. 87,
"Employers' Accounting for Pensions", and SFAS No. 106,
"Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than
Pensions", respectively. The Company records annual pension
expense in accordance with SFAS No. 87. Prior to 1994, regulatory
deferrals of these benefit expenses were recorded pursuant to
SFAS No. 71, "Accounting for the Effects of Certain Types of
Regulation", for West Virginia and Virginia jurisdictions. These
jurisdictions reflected as net expense the funding of pensions
and cash payments of other benefits in the ratemaking process.
Regulatory deferrals of SFAS No. 106 benefits expenses were
recorded for the West Virginia jurisdiction in which SFAS No. 106
costs were not yet included in rates.

ACCOUNTING CHANGES:
  Effective January 1, 1994, the Company changed its revenue
recognition method to include the accrual of estimated unbilled
revenues for electric services. This change results in a better
matching of revenues and expenses, and is consistent with
predominant utility industry practice. The cumulative effect of
this accounting change for years prior to 1994, which is shown
separately in the statement of income for 1994, resulted in a
benefit of $16.5 million (after related income taxes of $9.7
million). The effect of the change on the current year's income
before the cumulative effect of accounting change, as well as on
1993 and 1992 net income, is not material.
  Effective January 1, 1993, the Company adopted SFAS No. 106,
"Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than
Pensions". Prior to 1993, medical expenses and life insurance
premiums paid for retired employees and their dependents were
recorded as expense in the period they were paid. Also effective
January 1, 1993, the Company adopted SFAS No. 109, "Accounting
for Income Taxes". This standard mandated a change from the
previous income-based deferral approach to a balance sheet-based
liability approach for computing deferred income taxes.
Note B
<PAGE>
                                                     F-43

Income Taxes:
  Details of federal and state income tax provisions are:
                                  1994             1993             1992
                                          (Thousands of Dollars)
Income taxes-current:
  Federal                         $34 193          $29 758          $26 366
  State                            (2 849)           3 991           (2 635)
  Total                            31 344           33 749           23 731
Income taxes-deferred,
  net of amortization              14 955             (770)           7 634
Investment credit disallowed                                           (196)
Amortization of deferred
  investment credit                (2 267)          (2 349)          (2 246)
Total income taxes                 44 032           30 630           28 923
Income taxes-charged to 
  other income                     (1 176)            (544)            (501)
Income taxes-charged to 
   accounting change (including 
   state income taxes)             (9 693)
Income taxes-charged to
   operating income               $33 163          $30 086          $28 422

  The total provision for income taxes is less than the amount
produced by applying the federal income statutory tax rate to
financial accounting income as set forth below:

                                  1994             1993             1992
                                           (Thousands of Dollars)

Financial accounting income 
before cumulative effect of accounting
change and income taxes           $115 146         $103 553         $ 95 898
Amount so produced                $ 40 300         $ 36 200         $ 32 600
Increased (decreased) for:
  Tax deductions for which deferred
    tax was not provided:
    Lower tax depreciation            100             2 300            2 300
    Plant removal costs            (1 700)           (2 100)          (1 500)
    State income tax, net of
      federal income tax benefit    1 300             1 600            1 200
    Amortization of deferred 
      investment credit            (2 267)           (2 349)          (2 246)
    Equity in earnings
      of subsidiaries              (2 900)           (2 600)          (2 900)
    Other, net                     (1 670)           (2 965)          (1 032)
    Total                         $33 163           $30 086          $28 422

Federal income tax returns through 1991 have been examined and
substantially settled.
<PAGE>
                                                     F-44

  In adopting SFAS No. 109, the Company recognized a significant
increase in both deferred tax assets and liabilities. At December
31, the deferred tax assets and liabilities were comprised of the
following:
                                           1994             1993
                                           (Thousands of Dollars)

Deferred tax assets:
  Unamortized investment tax credit        $16 497          $17 922
  Unbilled revenue                           3 504           12 556
  Tax interest capitalized                  12 701            9 056
  Contributions in aid of construction      11 653           10 530
  State tax loss carryback/carryforward      2 721            5 770
  Advances for construction                  1 338            1 303
  Other                                      5 800            3 279
                                            54 214           60 416
Deferred tax liabilities:
  Book vs. tax plant basis 
   differences, net                        192 862          183 892
  Other                                     13 367           10 122
                                           206 229          194 014
  Total net deferred tax liabilities       152 015          133 598
  Less portion above included 
    in current liabilities                   2 716              571
  Total long-term net deferred 
    tax liabilities                        $149 299         $133 027

  It is expected that regulatory commissions will allow recovery
of the deferred tax liabilities in future years as they are paid,
and accordingly, the Company has recorded regulatory assets of
$76 million which offset the increase in deferred tax
liabilities. Regulatory liabilities of $17 million have been
recorded which offset the increase in deferred tax assets in
order to reflect the Company's obligation to pass such tax
benefits on to its customers as the benefits are realized in cash
in future years.

Note C-Dividend Restriction:
  Supplemental indentures relating to most outstanding bonds of
the Company contain dividend restrictions under the most
restrictive of which $103,730,000 of retained earnings at
December 31, 1994, is not available for cash dividends on common
stock, except that a portion thereof may be paid as cash
dividends where concurrently an equivalent amount of cash is
received by the Company as a capital contribution or as the
proceeds of the issue and sale of shares of its common stock.

Note D-Allegheny Generating Company:
  The Company owns 28% of the common stock of Allegheny
Generating Company (AGC), and affiliates of the Company own the
remainder. AGC owns an undivided 40% interest, 840 MW, in the
2,100-MW pumped-storage hydroelectric station in Bath County,
Virginia operated by the 60% owner, Virginia Power Company, a
nonaffiliated utility.
  AGC recovers from the Company and its affiliates all of its
operation and maintenance expenses, depreciation, taxes, and a
return on its investment under a wholesale rate schedule approved
by the FERC. Through February 29, 1992, AGC's return on equity 
<PAGE>
                                                     F-45

(ROE) was adjusted annually pursuant to a settlement agreement
approved by the FERC. In December 1991, AGC filed for a continua-
tion of the existing ROE of 11.53% and other parties (the
Consumer Advocate Division of the West Virginia PSC, Maryland
People's Counsel, and Pennsylvania Office of Consumer Advocate,
collectively referred to as the joint consumer advocates or JCA)
filed to reduce the ROE to 10%. Hearings were completed in June
1992, and a recommendation was issued by an Administrative Law
Judge (ALJ) on December 21, 1993, for an ROE of 10.83%, which the
JCA argues should be further adjusted to reflect changes in
capital market conditions since the hearings. Exceptions to this
recommendation were filed by all parties for consideration by the
FERC. On January 28, 1994, the JCA filed a joint complaint with
the FERC against AGC claiming that both the existing ROE of
11.53% and the ROE recommended by the ALJ of 10.83% were unjust
and unreasonable. This new complaint requested an ROE of 8.53%
with rates subject to refund beginning April 1, 1994. Hearings
were completed in November 1994 and a recommendation was issued
by an ALJ on December 22, 1994, dismissing the JCA's complaint. A
settlement agreement for both cases is currently pending, which
would reduce AGC's ROE to 11.13% for the period from March 1,
1992, through December 31, 1994, and increase AGC's ROE to 11.20%
for the period from January 1, 1995, through December 31, 1995.
  Following is a summary of financial information for AGC:

                                                December 31
                                           1994             1993
                                           (Thousands of Dollars)

Balance sheet information:
  Property, plant, and equipment           $680 749         $696 529
  Current assets                              5 991           11 063
  Deferred charges                           27 496           28 337
  Total assets                             $714 236         $735 929
  Total capitalization                     $489 894         $505 708
  Current liabilities                         6 484           21 891
  Deferred credits                          217 858          208 330
  Total capitalization and liabilities     $714 236         $735 929

                                           Year Ended December 31
                                           1994    1993     1992
                                           (Thousands of Dollars)

Income statement information:
  Electric operating revenues              $91 022 $90 606  $96 147
  Operation and maintenance expense          6 695   6 609    6 094
  Depreciation                              16 852  16 899   16 827
  Taxes other than income taxes              5 223   5 347    5 236
  Federal income taxes                      14 737  13 262   14 702
  Interest charges                          17 809  21 635   22 585
  Other income, net                           (11)   (328)     (21)
  Net income                               $29 717 $27 182  $30 724

  Results for 1994 reflect the effect of the pending settlement
agreement. The Company's share of the equity in earnings above
was $8.3 million, $7.6 million, and $8.6 million for 1994, 1993,
and 1992, respectively, and is included in other income, net, on
the Statement of Income.
<PAGE>

                                                     F-46

Note E-Pension Benefits:
  The Company's share of net pension costs under the System's
pension plan, a portion of which (about 30% to 35%) was charged
to plant construction, included the following components:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   1994             1993               1992
(Thousands of Dollars)
<S>                                                <C>              <C>               <C> 
Service cost - benefits earned                     $ 3 555          $ 3 225           $ 2 923
Interest cost on projected benefit obligation        9 867            9 612             9 142
Actual loss (return) on plan assets                    304          (22 481)          (15 951)
Net amortization and deferral                      (12 808)          10 669             4 743
SFAS No. 87 pension cost                               918            1 025               857
Regulatory reversal (deferral)                       1 194              537              (565)
Net pension cost                                   $ 2 112          $ 1 562          $    292
</TABLE>
The benefits earned to date and funded status of the Company's
share of the System plan at December 31 using a measurement date
of September 30 were as follows:
                                                   1994             1993
                                                   (Thousands of Dollars)
Actuarial present value of accumulated
  benefit obligation earned to date
  (including vested benefit of $103,546,000
  and $102,917,000)                                $110 577         $110 278
Funded status:
  Actuarial present value of 
   projected benefit obligation                    $135 060         $139 320
Plan assets at market value, primarily common stocks 
  and fixed income securities                       146 211          153 440
Plan assets in excess of projected 
  benefit obligation                                (11 151)         (14 120)
Add:
  Unrecognized cumulative net gain from past experience
  different from that assumed                        13 165           14 927
  Unamortized transition asset, being amortized
    over 14 years beginning January 1, 1987           4 183            4 951
  Less unrecognized prior service cost due to
    plan amendments                                   2 732            3 218
  Pension cost liability at September 30              3 465            2 540
  Fourth quarter contributions                        1 989
  Pension liability at December 31                   $1 476           $2 540

  The foregoing includes the Company's portion of amounts
applicable to employees at power stations which are owned jointly
with affiliates.
  In determining the actuarial present value of the projected
benefit obligation at September 30, 1994, 1993, and 1992, the
discount rates used were 7.75%, 7.25%, and 7.75%, and the rates
of increase in future compensation levels were 4.75%, 4.75%, and
5.25%, respectively. The expected long-term rate of return on
assets was 9% in each of the years 1994, 1993, and 1992.
<PAGE>

                                                     F-47

Note F-Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions:
  The Company adopted SFAS No. 106 as of January 1, 1993, which
requires accrual of postretirement benefits other than pensions
(principally health care and life insurance) for employees and
covered dependents during the years the employees render the
necessary service to receive such benefits. Prior to 1993,
medical expenses and life insurance premiums paid by the Company
for retired employees and their dependents were recorded in
expense in the period in which they were paid ($1,790,000 in
1992).
  SFAS No. 106 postretirement cost in 1994 and 1993, a portion of
which (about 30% to 35%) was charged to plant construction,
included the following components:
                                                   1994             1993
                                                   (Thousands of Dollars)

Service cost-benefits earned                       $  696           $  383
Interest cost on accumulated 
  postretirement benefit obligation                 4 047            3 042
Actual loss (return) on plan assets                    47               (7)
Amortization of unrecognized transition
  obligation                                        1 976            1 986
Other net amortization and deferral                    53                7
SFAS No. 106 postretirement cost                    6 819            5 411
Regulatory deferral                                  (457)            (846)
Net postretirement cost                            $6 362           $4 565

  The benefits earned to date and funded status of the Company's
share of the System plan at December 31 using a measurement date
of September 30 were as follows:
                                                   1994             1993
                                                   (Thousands of Dollars)
Accumulated postretirement benefit obligation:
  Retirees                                         $36 927          $35 189
  Fully eligible employees                           8 152            7 741
  Other employees                                   14 035           14 635
  Total obligation                                  59 114           57 565
  Plan assets at market value                        5 962            1 375
  Accumulated postretirement benefit 
    obligation in excess of plan assets             53 152           56 190
Less:
  Unrecognized cumulative net loss from 
   past experience different from that assumed      14 223           15 695
  Unrecognized transition obligation, being 
   amortized over 20 years beginning 
   January 1, 1993                                  35 928           37 995
  Postretirement benefit liability at
   September 30                                      3 001            2 500
  Fourth quarter contributions and benefit
   payments                                          1 634            1 132
  Postretirement benefit liability at
   December 31                                      $1 367           $1 368
<PAGE>
                                                     F-48

  The plan assets at market value are comprised of fixed income
securities, common stocks, and a short-term investment fund in
1994; and a short-term investment fund in 1993.
  The unfunded accumulated postretirement benefit obligation
(APBO) at January 1, 1993, of $40,000,000 (transition obligation)
is being amortized prospectively over 20 years as permitted by
SFAS No. 106.   In determining the APBO at September 30, 1994,
1993, and 1992, the discount rates used were 7.75%, 7.25%, and
8%, and the rates of increase in future compensation levels were
4.75%, 4.75%, and 5.5%, respectively. The 1994 expected long-term
rate of return on assets was 8.25% net of tax. For measurement
purposes, a health care trend rate of 9% for 1995, declining 1%
each year thereafter to 6.75% in the year 1998 and beyond, and
plan provisions which limit future medical and life insurance
benefits, were assumed. Increasing the assumed health care trend
rate by 1% in each year would increase the APBO at December 31,
1994, by $4.1 million and the aggregate of the service and
interest cost components of net periodic postretirement benefit
cost for 1994 by $.4 million.

Note G-Fair Value of Financial Instruments:
  The carrying amounts and estimated fair value of financial
instruments at December 31, 1994 and 1993 were as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                  1994                              1993
                          Carrying         Fair             Carrying        Fair
                           Amount          Value             Amount         Value
                                             (Thousands of Dollars)

Liabilities:
  Mandatorily redeemable 
    <S>                   <C>              <C>              <C>             <C>  
    preferred stock       $ 26 400         $ 25 542         $ 27 600        $ 28 566
  Long-term debt           610 200          594 519          539 640         566 070
</TABLE>
  The fair value of mandatorily redeemable preferred stock was
estimated based on quoted market prices. The fair value of
long-term debt was estimated based on actual market prices or
market prices of similar issues. The Company does not have any
financial instruments held or issued for trading purposes.
  For purposes of the statement of cash flows, temporary cash
investments with original maturities of three months or less,
generally in the form of commercial paper, certificates of
deposit, and repurchase agreements, are considered to be the
equivalent of cash.

Note H-Stockholders' Equity:
COMMON STOCK AND OTHER PAID-IN CAPITAL:
  The Company issued and sold common stock to its parent, at $20
per share, 2,500,000 shares in October 1993 and 4,000,000 shares
in September 1992. Other paid-in capital increased $10,000 in
1994 and decreased $2,000 in 1992 as a result of preferred stock
transactions.
<PAGE>

                                                     F-49

PREFERRED STOCK:
  All of the preferred stock is entitled on voluntary liquidation
to its then current call price and on involuntary liquidation to
$100 a share.

MANDATORILY REDEEMABLE PREFERRED STOCK:
  The Company's $7.16 preferred stock is entitled to a cumulative
sinking fund sufficient to retire 12,000 shares each year at $100
a share plus accrued dividends. The Company has the noncumulative
option in each year to retire up to an additional 12,000 shares
at the same price. The call price declines in future years.

Note I-Long-Term Debt:
  Maturities for long-term debt for the next five years are:
1995, none; 1996, $18,700,000; 1997, $800,000; 1998, $1,800,000;
and 1999, $1,800,000. Substantially all of the properties of the
Company are held subject to the lien securing its first mortgage
bonds. Some properties are also subject to a second lien securing
certain pollution control and solid waste disposal notes. Certain
first mortgage bond series are not redeemable by certain
refunding until dates established in the respective supplemental
indentures.

Note J-Short-Term Financing:
  To provide interim financing and support for outstanding
commercial paper, the System companies have established lines of
credit with several banks. The Company has SEC authorization for
total short-term borrowings of $115 million, including money pool
borrowings described below. The Company has fee arrangements on
all of its lines of credit and no compensating balance
requirements. In addition to bank lines of credit, an internal
money pool accommodates intercompany short-term borrowing needs,
to the extent that certain of the companies have funds available.
In January 1994, the Company and its affiliates jointly
established an aggregate $300 million multi-year credit program
which provides that the Company may borrow up to $84 million on a
standby revolving credit basis. There was no short-term debt
outstanding at the end of 1994 or 1993. Average short-term debt
outstanding during the year for 1994 and 1993 consisted of:

                                           1994             1993
                                           (Thousands of Dollars)
Average amount outstanding
  during the year:
  Commercial Paper                         $1,021-3.96%     $   36-2.97%
  Notes Payable to Banks                    2,499-3.96%      1,112-3.24%
  Money Pool                                   87-4.10%           -
<PAGE>

                                                     F-50

Note K-Commitments and Contingencies:
CONSTRUCTION PROGRAM:
  The Company has entered into commitments for its construction
program, for which expenditures are estimated to be $92 million
for 1995 and $98 million for 1996. These estimates include
expenditures for the program of complying with the Clean Air Act
Amendments of 1990 (CAAA) as discussed below.

ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS:
  System companies are subject to various laws, regulations, and
uncertainties as to environmental matters. Compliance may require
them to incur substantial additional costs to modify or replace
existing and proposed equipment and facilities and may affect
adversely the lead time, size, and siting of future generating
stations, increase the complexity and cost of pollution control
equipment, and otherwise add to the cost of future operations.  
Construction estimates for 1995 and 1996 include $12 million and
$5 million, respectively, for compliance with Phase I of the
CAAA. Through 1998, annual construction expenditures, on average,
are not expected to significantly exceed 1995 estimated levels.
Construction expenditure levels in 1999 and beyond will depend
upon the strategy eventually selected for complying with Phase II
of the CAAA, as well as future generation requirements.

LITIGATION AND OTHER:
  In the normal course of business, the Company becomes involved
in various legal proceedings. The Company does not believe that
the ultimate outcome of these proceedings will have a material
effect on its financial position.
  The Company is guarantor as to 28% of a $50 million revolving
credit agreement of AGC, which in 1994 was used by AGC solely as
support for its indebtedness for commercial paper outstanding.
<PAGE>
                                                     F-51

                                       REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS


To the Board of Directors of
West Penn Power Company


         In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements listed
in the accompanying index present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of West Penn Power Company (a
subsidiary of Allegheny Power System, Inc.) at December 31, 1994
and 1993, and the results of its operations and its cash flows
for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
1994, in conformity with generally accepted accounting
principles.  These financial statements are the responsibility of
the Company's management; our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.  We
conducted our audits of these statements in accordance with
generally accepted auditing standards which require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements, assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the
overall financial statement presentation.  We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for the opinion expressed
above.

         As discussed in Notes A, B and F to the consolidated
financial statements, the Company changed its method of
accounting for revenue recognition in 1994 and for income taxes
and postretirement benefits other than pensions in 1993.


                                                   PRICE WATERHOUSE LLP
                                                   PRICE WATERHOUSE LLP

New York, New York
February 2, 1995
<PAGE>
                                                     F-52


CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME
                                           YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
                                  1994             1993             1992
                                           (Thousands of Dollars)

Electric Operating Revenues:
  Residential                     $  376 776       $  358 900       $  321 871
  Commercial                         207 165          194 773          177 697
  Industrial                         330 739          309 847          293 910
  Nonaffiliated utilities            144 829          152 541          204 743
  Other, including affiliates         68 733           68 916           78 620
    Total Operating Revenues       1 128 242        1 084 977        1 076 841
Operating Expenses:
  Operation:
    Fuel                             252 108          256 664          268 395
    Purchased power and
     exchanges, net                  247 194          235 772          264 208
    Deferred power costs,
     net (Note A)                      2 880              979           (1 527)
    Other                            145 781          131 854          116 913
    Maintenance                      111 841           96 706           93 067
    Depreciation                      88 935           80 872           73 469
    Taxes other than income
      taxes                           87 224           89 249           87 300
    Federal and state income
      taxes (Note B)                  50 385           51 529           44 078
      Total Operating Expenses       986 348          943 625          945 903
    Operating Income                 141 894          141 352          130 938
Other Income and Deductions:
  Allowance for other than borrowed funds used
    during construction (Note A)       6 729            5 077            5 010
  Asset write-off, net (Note A)       (5 179)
  Other income, net                   13 797           12 728           14 534
    Total Other Income
     and Deductions                   15 347           17 805           19 544
  Income Before Interest
    Charges                          157 241          159 157          150 482
Interest Charges:
  Interest on long-term debt          58 102           58 857           53 768
  Other interest                       2 172            1 728            1 824
  Allowance for borrowed funds used during
    construction (Note A)             (4 048)          (3 489)          (3 266)
    Total Interest Charges            56 226          157 096           52 326
  Consolidated Income Before Cumulative
    Effect of Accounting Change      101 015          102 061           98 156
  Cumulative Effect of Accounting Change,
    net (Note A)                      19 031
  Consolidated Net Income           $120 046         $102 061         $ 98 156

<PAGE>
                                                     F-53

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF RETAINED EARNINGS

Balance at January 1                $412 288         $400 515          $392 331

Add:
  Consolidated net income            120 046          102 061            98 156
                                     532 334          502 576           490 487
Deduct:
  Dividends on capital stock of the Company:
    Preferred stock                    8 504            8 206             7 331
    Common stock                      90 029           82 082            82 641
      Total Deductions                98 533           90 288            89 972
Balance at December 31 (Note C)     $433 801         $412 288          $400 515

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
<PAGE>
                                                     F-54

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                           YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
                                  1994             1993             1992
                                           (Thousands of Dollars)
Cash Flows from Operations:
  Consolidated net income         $120 046         $102 061         $98 156
  Depreciation                      88 935           80 872          73 469
  Deferred investment credit
    and income taxes, net              699          (10 115)            809
  Deferred power costs, net          2 880              979          (1 527)
  Unconsolidated subsidiaries'
    dividends in excess of
     earnings                        2 773            3 311           4 287
  Allowance for other than borrowed funds used
    during construction             (6 729)          (5 077)         (5 010)
  Cumulative effect of accounting change
    before income taxes (Note A)   (32 891)
  Asset write-off before income
    taxes (Note A)                   8 919

Changes in certain current assets and liabilities:
  Accounts receivable, net, excluding cumulative effect
    of accounting change
     (Note A)                       18 951           (5 947)           8 799
  Materials and supplies            (9 205)          26 889          (15 593)
  Accounts payable                    (675)           3 196            3 877
  Taxes accrued                     (4 502)           9 198            1 875
  Interest accrued                   2 620           (5 146)           3 534
  Other, net                        16 100            8 878           (8 989)
                                   207 921          209 099          163 687

Cash Flows from Investing:
  Construction expenditures       (260 366)        (251 017)        (204 409)
  Allowance for other than
    borrowed funds used during
      construction                   6 729            5 077            5 010
                                  (253 637)        (245 940)        (199 399)

Cash Flows from Financing:
  Sale of common stock              40 000          100 000
  Sale of preferred stock                                             39 450
  Issuance of long-term debt        80 129          268 766          181 843
  Retirement of long-term debt                     (251 414)        (158 500)
  Deposit with trustee for
    redemption of long-term debt                                      68 354
  Notes receivable from
    affiliates                      23 900           (4 000)         (20 900)

Dividends on capital stock:
  Preferred stock                   (8 504)          (8 206)          (7 331)
  Common stock                     (90 029)         (82 082)         (82 641)
                                    45 496           23 064           20 275
  Net Change in Cash and
    Temporary Cash Investments
      (Note G)                        (220)         (13 777)         (15 437)
  Cash and Temporary Cash 
    Investments at January 1           565           14 342           29 779
  Cash and Temporary Cash
    Investments at December 31    $    345         $    565         $ 14 342

Supplemental cash flow information
  Cash paid during the year for:
    Interest (net of 
      amount capitalized)         $ 51 745         $ 61 329         $ 48 135
    Income taxes                    54 958           55 111           45 868

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
<PAGE>
                                                     F-55

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

                                                        DECEMBER 31
                                                   1994             1993
                                                   (Thousands of Dollars)

ASSETS
  Property, Plant, and Equipment:
    At original cost, including $103,514,000 and
      $283,779,000 under construction              $3 013 777       $2 803 811
    Accumulated depreciation                       (1 009 565)        (962 623)
                                                    2 004 212        1 841 188
  Investments and Other Assets:
    Allegheny Generating Company-common stock
      at equity (Note D)                              100 228          102 830
    Other                                               1 474            1 537
                                                      101 702          104 367

  Current Assets:
    Cash and temporary cash investments (Note G)          345              565

  Accounts receivable:
    Electric service, net of $8,267,000 and $1,126,000
      uncollectible allowance (Note A)                119 020           94 570
    Affiliated and other                               11 862           22 372
    Notes receivable from affiliates (Note J)           1 000           24 900 

  Materials and supplies-at average cost:
    Operating and construction                         39 922           36 030
    Fuel                                               38 205           32 892
    Deferred income taxes                              12 538            1 974
    Prepaid and other                                  12 525           15 980
                                                      235 417          229 283

  Deferred Charges:
    Regulatory assets (Note B)                        364 473          331 755
    Unamortized loss on reacquired debt                10 494           11 645
    Other                                              15 560           26 525
                                                      390 527          369 925
      Total                                        $2 731 858       $2 544 763


CAPITALIZATION AND LIABILITIES
  Capitalization:
    Common stock, other paid-in capital, and retained
      earnings (Notes C and H)                     $  955 482       $  893 969
    Preferred stock, not subject to 
      mandatory redemption (Note H)                   149 708          149 708
    Long-term debt (Note I)                           836 426          782 369
                                                    1 941 616        1 826 046

  Current Liabilities:
    Long-term debt due within one year (Note I)        27 000
    Accounts payable                                  107 792          105 493
    Accounts payable to affiliates                      6 477            9 451

  Taxes accrued:
    Federal and state income                            9 217           11 533
    Other                                              20 637           22 823
    Interest accrued                                   16 475           13 855
    Other                                              24 028           20 954
                                                      211 626          184 109

  Deferred Credits and Other Liabilities:
    Unamortized investment credit                      52 946           55 524
    Deferred income taxes                             471 515          424 000
    Regulatory liabilities (Note B)                    39 881           40 834
    Other                                              14 274           14 250
                                                      578 616          534 608
    Commitments and Contingencies (Note K)
    Total                                          $2 731 858       $2 544 763

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     F-56

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CAPITALIZATION
                                                                        DECEMBER 31
                                                   1994             1993             1994             1993
                                                   (Thousands of Dollars)            (Capitalization Ratios)
Common Stock of the Company:
  Common stock-no par value, authorized 28,902,923
    shares, outstanding 24,361,586 shares (issued
    2,000,000 shares in 1994 and 5,000,000 shares 
    <S>                                            <C>              <C>                <C>             <C>
    in 1993) (Note H)                              $465 994         $425 994
  Other paid-in capital (Note H)                     55 687           55 687
  Retained earnings (Note C)                        433 801          412 288
    Total                                           955 482          893 969         49.2%            49.0%

Preferred Stock of the Company (not subject to mandatory redemption):
  Cumulative preferred stock-par value $100 per share,
    authorized 3,097,077 shares, outstanding as follows (Note H):

                          December 31, 1994
                          Regular
         Shares           Call Price       Date of
Series   Outstanding      Per Share        Issue
4-1/2%   297 077          $110.00          1939     29 708            29 708
4.20% B   50 000           102.205         1948      5 000             5 000
4.10% C   50 000           103.50          1949      5 000             5 000
$7.00 D  100 000           103.94          1967     10 000            10 000
$7.12 E  100 000           103.49          1968     10 000            10 000
$8.08 G  100 000           103.27          1971     10 000            10 000
$7.60 H  100 000           103.23          1972     10 000            10 000
$7.64 I  100 000           103.16          1973     10 000            10 000
$8.20 J  200 000           103.30          1976     20 000            20 000
Auction  400 000           100.00          1992     40 000            40 000
  Total (annual dividend requirements $8,847,847)  149 708           149 708          7.7              8.2

Long-Term Debt (Note I):
First mortgage
bonds of the     Date of  Date             Date 
Company:         Issue    Redeemable       Due
4-7/8% U         1965     1995             1995     27 000            27 000
5-1/2% JJ        1993     1998             1998    102 000           102 000
6-3/8% KK        1993     2003             2003     80 000            80 000
7-7/8% GG        1991     2001             2004     70 000            70 000
7-3/8% HH        1992     2002             2007     45 000            45 000
9% EE            1989     1994             2019     30 000            30 000
8-7/8% FF        1991     2001             2021    100 000           100 000
7-7/8% II        1992     2002             2022    135 000           135 000
8-1/8% LL        1994     2004             2024     65 000

                                  Interest Rate
  Secured notes due 1998-2024     4.95%-9.375%     202 550           187 640
  Unsecured notes due 2000-2007      6.10%          14 435            14 435
  Unamortized debt discount and premium, net        (7 559)           (7 061)
    Total (annual interest
    requirements $61,854,043)                      863 426           784 014
  Less current maturities                           27 000
  Less amount on deposit with trustee                                  1 645
                                                   836 426           782 369          43.1             42.8
  Total Capitalization                          $1 941 616        $1 826 046         100.0%           100.0%

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
                                                     F-57


NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(These notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial
statements.)

Note A-Summary of Significant Accounting Policies:
  The Company is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Allegheny Power
System, Inc. and is a part of the Allegheny Power integrated
electric utility system (the System).
  The Company is subject to regulation by the Securities and
Exchange Commission (SEC), by various state bodies having
jurisdiction, and by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission
(FERC). Significant accounting policies of the Company are
summarized below.

CONSOLIDATION:
  The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of
the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries (the companies).

REVENUES:
  Beginning in 1994, revenues, including amounts resulting from
the application of fuel and energy cost adjustment clauses, are
recognized in the same period in which the related electric
services are provided to customers by recording an estimate for
unbilled revenues for services provided from the meter reading
date to the end of the accounting period. In 1993 and 1992,
revenues were recorded for billings rendered to customers.

DEFERRED POWER COSTS, NET:
  The costs of fuel, purchased power, and certain other costs,
and revenues from sales and transmission services to other
utilities, are deferred until they are either recovered from or
credited to customers under fuel and energy cost recovery
procedures.

PROPERTY, PLANT, AND EQUIPMENT:
  Property, plant, and equipment, including facilities owned with
affiliates in the System, are stated at original cost, less
contributions in aid of construction, except for capital leases
which are recorded at present value. Cost includes direct labor
and material, allowance for funds used during construction
(AFUDC) on property for which construction work in progress is
not included in rate base, and such indirect costs as
administration, maintenance, and depreciation of transportation
and construction equipment, and pensions, taxes, and other fringe
benefits related to employees engaged in construction.
  The cost of depreciable property units retired, plus removal
costs less salvage, are charged to accumulated depreciation.

ALLOWANCE FOR FUNDS USED DURING CONSTRUCTION:
  AFUDC, an item that does not represent current cash income, is
defined in applicable regulatory systems of accounts as including
"the net cost for the period of construction of borrowed funds 
<PAGE>
                                                     F-58

used for construction purposes and a reasonable rate on other
funds when so used". AFUDC is recognized as a cost of property,
plant, and equipment with offsetting credits to other income and
interest charges. Rates used for computing AFUDC in 1994, 1993,
and 1992 were 8.88%, 9.40%, and 9.25%, respectively. AFUDC is not
included in the cost of such construction when the cost of
financing the construction is being recovered through rates.

DEPRECIATION AND MAINTENANCE:
  Provisions for depreciation are determined generally on a
straight-line method based on estimated service lives of
depreciable properties and amounted to approximately 3.5%, 3.4%,
and 3.3% of average depreciable property in 1994, 1993, and 1992,
respectively. The cost of maintenance and of certain replacements
of property, plant, and equipment is charged principally to
operating expenses.

INCOME TAXES:
  The companies join with the parent and affiliates in filing a
consolidated federal income tax return. The consolidated tax
liability is allocated among the participants generally in
proportion to the taxable income of each participant, except that
no subsidiary pays tax in excess of its separate return tax
liability.   Financial accounting income before income taxes
differs from taxable income principally because certain income
and deductions for tax purposes are recorded in the financial
income statement in another period. Differences between income
tax expense computed on the basis of financial accounting income
and taxes payable based on taxable income are accounted for
substantially in accordance with the accounting procedures
followed for ratemaking purposes. Deferred tax assets and
liabilities recorded in accordance with the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (FASB) Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards (SFAS) No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes",
represent the tax effect of temporary differences between the
financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities
computed utilizing the most current tax rates.
  Provisions for federal income tax were reduced in previous
years by investment credits, and amounts equivalent to such
credits were charged to income with concurrent credits to a
deferred account, balances of which are being amortized over
estimated service lives of the related properties.

POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS:
  The Company participates with affiliated companies in the
System in a noncontributory, defined benefit pension plan
covering substantially all employees, including officers.
Benefits are based on the employee's years of service and
compensation. The funding policy is to contribute annually at
least the minimum amount required under the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act and not more than can be deducted for federal
income tax purposes.

The Company also provides partially contributory medical and life insurance 
plans for eligible 
<PAGE>
                                                     F-59

retirees and dependents. Medical benefits, which comprise the
largest component of the plans, are based upon an age and
years-of-service vesting schedule and other plan provisions. The
funding plan for these costs is to contribute to Voluntary
Employee Beneficiary Association (VEBA) trust funds an amount
equal to the annual cost as determined by SFAS No. 106 (described
below). Medical benefits are self-insured; the life insurance
plan is paid through insurance premiums.

The FASB has prescribed the determination of annual pension and other
postretirement benefits expenses in SFAS No. 87, "Employers'
Accounting for Pensions", and SFAS No. 106, "Employers'
Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions",
respectively. The Company records annual pension expense in
accordance with SFAS No. 87. Prior to 1994, regulatory deferrals
of these benefit expenses were recorded pursuant to SFAS No. 71,
"Accounting for the Effects of Certain Types of Regulation", for
its Pennsylvania jurisdiction which reflected as net expense the
funding of pensions and cash payments of other benefits in the
ratemaking process.

ASSET WRITE-OFF:
  In 1994, the Company wroteoff $8.9 million ($5.2 million net
of income taxes) of previously accumulated costs related to a
potential future power plant site and a proposed transmission
line. In the industry's more competitive environment, it is no
longer reasonable to assume future recovery of these costs in
rates.

ACCOUNTING CHANGES:
  Effective January 1, 1994, the Company changed its revenue
recognition method to include the accrual of estimated unbilled
revenues for electric services. This change results in a better
matching of revenues and expenses, and is consistent with
predominant utility industry practice. The cumulative effect of
this accounting change for years prior to 1994, which is shown
separately in the consolidated statement of income for 1994,
resulted in a benefit of $19.0 million (after related income
taxes of $13.9 million). The effect of the change on the current
year's consolidated income before the cumulative effect of
accounting change, as well as on 1993 and 1992 consolidated net
income, is not material.
  Effective January 1, 1993, the Company adopted SFAS No. 106,
"Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than
Pensions". Prior to 1993, medical expenses and life insurance
premiums paid for retired employees and their dependents were
recorded as expense in the period they were paid. Also effective
January 1, 1993, the Company adopted SFAS No. 109, "Accounting
for Income Taxes". This standard mandated a change from the
previous income-based deferral approach to a balance sheet-based
liability approach for computing deferred income taxes.
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     F-60

Note B-Income Taxes:
  Details of federal and state income tax provisions are:
                                           1994             1993            1992
(Thousands of Dollars)
Income taxes-current:
  <S>                                      <C>              <C>             <C> 
  Federal                                  $46 964          $47 089         $37 965
  State                                     13 282           14 983           5 884
    Total                                   60 246           62 072          43 849
Income taxes-deferred, 
  net of amortization                        3 277           (7 522)          3 403
  Investment credit disallowed                                                   (2)
  Amortization of deferred
    investment credit                       (2 578)          (2 592)         (2 592)
      Total income taxes                    60 945           51 958          44 658
  Income taxes-credited (charged) to other
    income and deductions                    3 300             (429)           (580)
  Income taxes-charged to accounting change
    (including state income taxes)         (13 860)
  Income taxes-charged to
    operating income                       $50 385          $51 529         $44 078

  The total provision for income taxes is less than the amount
produced by applying the federal income statutory tax rate to
financial accounting income as set forth below:
                                           1994             1993            1992
                                                   (Thousands of Dollars)
Financial accounting income
  before cumulative effect
  of accounting change and income taxes    $151 400         $153 590        $142 234
Amount so produced                         $ 53 000         $ 53 800        $ 48 400
Increased (decreased) for:
  Tax deductions for which deferred tax was not provided:
    Lower (excess) tax depreciation           2 000              100            (200)
  Plant removal costs                        (1 700)            (900)         (2 500)
  State income tax, net of 
    federal income tax benefit                6 400            9 600           7 600
  Amortization of deferred 
    investment credit                        (2 578)          (2 592)         (2 592)
  Equity in earnings of subsidiaries         (4 600)          (4 300)         (4 700)
  Other, net                                 (2 137)          (4 179)         (1 930)
    Total                                  $ 50 385         $ 51 529        $ 44 078

  Federal income tax returns through 1991 have been examined and
substantially settled.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>

                                                     F-61

  In adopting SFAS No. 109, the Company recognized a significant
increase in both deferred tax assets and liabilities. At December
31, the deferred tax assets and liabilities were comprised of the
following:

                                           1994             1993
                                           (Thousands of Dollars)
Deferred tax assets:
  Unamortized investment tax credit        $ 38 560         $ 40 455
  Unbilled revenue                            9 539           21 626
  Tax interest capitalized                   16 165           10 750
  State tax loss carryback/carryforward       5 535            8 790
  Contributions in aid of construction        4 866            4 588
  Other                                      18 905            7 416
                                             93 570           93 625

Deferred tax liabilities:
  Book vs. tax plant basis 
   differences, net                         536 343          507 214
  Other                                      16 204            8 437
                                            552 547          515 651
  Total net deferred tax liabilities        458 977          422 026
  Add portion above included in
    current assets                           12 538            1 974
  Total long-term net deferred
    tax liabilities                        $471 515         $424 000

  It is expected that regulatory commissions will allow recovery
of the deferred tax liabilities in future years as they are paid,
and accordingly, the Company has recorded regulatory assets of
$351 million which offset the increase in deferred tax
liabilities. Regulatory liabilities of $39 million have been
recorded which offset the increase in deferred tax assets in
order to reflect the Company's obligation to pass such tax
benefits on to its customers as the benefits are realized in cash
in future years.

Note C-Dividend Restriction:
  Supplemental indentures relating to most outstanding bonds of
the Company contain dividend restrictions under the most
restrictive of which $285,914,000 of consolidated retained
earnings at December 31, 1994, is not available for cash
dividends on common stock, except that a portion thereof may be
paid as cash dividends where concurrently an equivalent amount of
cash is received by the Company as a capital contribution or as
the proceeds of the issue and sale of shares of its common stock.

Note D-Allegheny Generating Company:
  The Company owns 45% of the common stock of Allegheny
Generating Company (AGC), and affiliates of the Company own the
remainder. AGC owns an undivided 40% interest, 840 MW, in the
2,100-MW pumped-storage hydroelectric station in Bath County,
Virginia, operated by the 60% owner, Virginia Power Company, a
nonaffiliated utility.
  AGC recovers from the Company and its affiliates all of its
operation and maintenance expenses, depreciation, taxes, and a
return on its investment under a wholesale rate schedule approved
by the FERC. Through February 29, 1992, AGC's return on equity 
<PAGE>
                                                     F-62

(ROE) was adjusted annually pursuant to a settlement agreement
approved by the FERC. In December 1991, AGC filed for a
continuation of the existing ROE of 11.53% and other parties (the
Consumer Advocate Division of the Public Service Commission of
West Virginia, Maryland People's Counsel, and Pennsylvania Office
of Consumer Advocate, collectively referred to as the joint
consumer advocates or JCA) filed to reduce the ROE to 10%.
Hearings were completed in June 1992, and a recommendation was
issued by an Administrative Law Judge (ALJ) on December 21, 1993,
for an ROE of 10.83%, which the JCA argues should be further
adjusted to reflect changes in capital market conditions since
the hearings. Exceptions to this recommendation were filed by all
parties for consideration by the FERC. On January 28, 1994, the
JCA filed a joint complaint with the FERC against AGC claiming
that both the existing ROE of 11.53% and the ROE recommended by
the ALJ of 10.83% were unjust and unreasonable. This new
complaint requested an ROE of 8.53% with rates subject to refund
beginning April 1, 1994. Hearings were completed in November 1994
and a recommendation was issued by an ALJ on December 22, 1994,
dismissing the JCA's complaint. A settlement agreement for both
cases is currently pending, which would reduce AGC's ROE to
11.13% for the period from March 1, 1992, through December 31,
1994, and increase AGC's ROE to 11.20% for the period from
January 1, 1995, through December 31, 1995.

Following is a summary of financial information for AGC:

                                                December 31
                                           1994             1993
                                           (Thousands of Dollars)
Balance sheet information:
  Property, plant, and equipment           $680 749         $696 529
  Current assets                              5 991           11 063
  Deferred charges                           27 496           28 337
    Total assets                           $714 236         $735 929
  Total capitalization                     $489 894         $505 708
  Current liabilities                         6 484           21 891
  Deferred credits                          217 858          208 330
    Total capitalization and liabilities   $714 236         $735 929
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                   Year Ended December 31
                                           1994             1993            1992
                                                   (Thousands of Dollars)
Income statement information:
  <S>                                      <C>              <C>             <C> 
  Electric operating revenues              $91 022          $90 606         $96 147
  Operation and maintenance expense          6 695            6 609           6 094
  Depreciation                              16 852           16 899          16 827
  Taxes other than income taxes              5 223            5 347           5 236
  Federal income taxes                      14 737           13 262          14 702
  Interest charges                          17 809           21 635          22 585
  Other income, net                            (11)            (328)            (21)
  Net income                               $29 717          $27 182         $30 724
</TABLE>
  Results for 1994 reflect the effect of the pending settlement
agreement. The Company's share of the equity in earnings above
was $13.4 million, $12.2 million, and $13.8 million for 1994,
1993, and 1992, respectively, and is included in other income,
net, on the Consolidated Statement of Income.
<PAGE>

                                                     F-63

Note E-Pension Benefits:
  The Company's share of net pension costs under the System's
pension plan, a portion of which (about 25% to 30%) was charged
to plant construction, included the following components:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           1994             1993            1992
                                                   (Thousands of Dollars)
<S>                                        <C>              <C>             <C> 
Service cost - benefits earned             $ 5 124          $ 4 606         $ 4 272
  Interest cost on projected
   benefit obligation                       14 051           13 773          13 312
  Actual loss (return) on plan assets          358          (31 224)        (24 750)
  Net amortization and deferral            (18 210)          14 262          (8 388)
  SFAS No. 87 pension cost                   1 323            1 417           1 222
  Regulatory deferral                      $   -             (1 309)         (1 222)
  Net pension cost                         $ 1 323          $   108         $   -
</TABLE>
  Regulatory deferrals amounting to $3,039,000 will be amortized
to operating expenses over the four-year period 1995 through 1998
in accordance with authorized rate recovery. An additional
$833,000 regulatory deferral was charged to plant construction in
1994.
  The benefits earned to date and funded status of the Company's
share of the System plan at December 31 using a measurement date
of September 30 were as follows:

                                           1994             1993
                                           (Thousands of Dollars)
Actuarial present value of
 accumulated benefit obligation
 earned to date (including 
 vested benefit of $150,168,000
  and $151,394,000)                        $158 578         $160 097

Funded status:
  Actuarial present value of 
   projected benefit obligation            $191 787         $199 414
  Plan assets at market value,
   primarily common stocks and
    fixed income securities                 207 623          219 625
  Plan assets in excess of
    projected benefit obligation            (15 836)         (20 211)

Add:
  Unrecognized cumulative net gain
    from past experience different
    from that assumed                        15 103           17 586
  Unamortized transition asset,
    being amortized over 14 years
    beginning January 1, 1987                 8 427            9 678
  Less unrecognized prior service
   cost due to plan amendments                4 999            5 678
  Pension cost liability at September 30      2 695            1 375
  Fourth quarter contributions                2 843              -
  Pension (prepayment) liability
   at December 31                          $   (148)        $  1 375

  The foregoing includes the Company's portion of amounts
applicable to employees at power stations which are owned jointly
with affiliates.
  In determining the actuarial present value of the projected
benefit obligation at September 30, 1994, 1993, and 1992, the
discount rates used were 7.75%, 7.25%, and 7.75%, and the rates
of increase in future compensation levels were 4.75%, 4.75%, and 
<PAGE>
                                                     F-64

5.25%, respectively. The expected long-term rate of return on
assets was 9% in each of the years 1994, 1993, and 1992.

Note F-Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions:
  The Company adopted SFAS No. 106 as of January 1, 1993, which
requires accrual of postretirement benefits other than pensions
(principally health care and life insurance) for employees and
covered dependents during the years the employees render the
necessary service to receive such benefits. Prior to 1993,
medical expenses and life insurance premiums paid by the Company
for retired employees and their dependents were recorded in
expense in the period in which they were paid ($1,907,000 in
1992).
  SFAS No. 106 postretirement cost in 1994 and 1993, a portion of
which (about 25% to 30%) was charged to plant construction,
included the following components:

                                           1994             1993
                                           (Thousands of Dollars)
Service cost - benefits earned             $1 154           $  939
Interest cost on accumulated
   postretirement benefit obligation        4 461            4 389
Actual loss (return) on plan assets            31               (9)
Amortization of unrecognized
  transition obligation                     2 817            2 817
Other net amortization and deferral            83                9
SFAS No. 106 postretirement cost            8 546            8 145
Regulatory deferral                           -             (1 963)
Net postretirement cost                    $8 546           $6 182

  The benefits earned to date and funded status of the Company's
share of the System plan at December 31 using a measurement date
of September 30 were as follows:

                                           1994             1993
                                           (Thousands of Dollars)
Accumulated postretirement benefit obligation:
  Retirees                                 $35 895          $35 748
  Fully eligible employees                   8 290            9 030
  Other employees                           17 013           18 378
    Total obligation                        61 198           63 156
  Plan assets at market value                6 173            1 510
  Accumulated postretirement
    benefit obligation in excess
    of plan assets                          55 025           61 646
Less:
  Unrecognized cumulative net (gain)
    loss from past experience
    different from that assumed               (543)           3 362
  Unrecognized transition obligation,
    being amortized over 20 years
    beginning January 1, 1993               50 929           53 746
  Postretirement benefit liability at
    September 30                             4 639            4 538
  Fourth quarter contributions
    and benefit payments                     2 113            1 960
  Postretirement benefit liability
   at December 31                           $2 526           $2 578
<PAGE>

                                                     F-65

  The plan assets at market value are comprised of fixed income
securities, common stocks, and a short-term investment fund in
1994; and a short-term investment fund in 1993.
  The unfunded accumulated postretirement benefit obligation
(APBO) at January 1, 1993, of $56,600,000 (transition obligation)
is being amortized prospectively over 20 years as permitted by
SFAS No. 106.
  In determining the APBO at September 30, 1994, 1993, and 1992,
the discount rates used were 7.75%, 7.25%, and 8%, and the rates
of increase in future compensation levels were 4.75%, 4.75%, and
5.5%, respectively. The 1994 expected long-term rate of return on
assets was 8.25% net of tax. For measurement purposes, a health
care trend rate of 9% for 1995, declining 1% each year thereafter
to 6.75% in the year 1998 and beyond, and plan provisions which
limit future medical and life insurance benefits, were assumed.
Increasing the assumed health care trend rate by 1% in each year
would increase the APBO at December 31, 1994, by $4.2 million and
the aggregate of the service and interest cost components of net
periodic postretirement benefit cost for 1994 by $.4 million. The
Company has been authorized recovery of SFAS No. 106 expenses in
rates.

Note G-Fair Value of Financial Instruments:
  The carrying amounts and estimated fair value of financial
instruments at December 31, 1994 and 1993 were as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           1994                             1993
                                  Carrying         Fair             Carrying         Fair
                                  Amount           Value            Amount           Value
                                                   (Thousands of Dollars)

Assets:
  <S>                             <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>  
  Temporary cash investments      $     73         $     73         $    244         $    244
Liabilities:
  Long-term debt                   870 985          826 003          791 075          823 333
</TABLE>
  The carrying amount of temporary cash investments approximates
the fair value because of the short maturity of those
instruments. The fair value of long-term debt was estimated based
on actual market prices or market prices of similar issues. The
Company does not have any financial instruments held or issued
for trading purposes.   For purposes of the consolidated
statement of cash flows, temporary cash investments with original
maturities of three months or less, generally in the form of
commercial paper, certificates of deposit, and repurchase
agreements, are considered to be the equivalent of cash.

Note H-Stockholders' Equity:
COMMON STOCK AND OTHER PAID-IN CAPITAL:
  The Company issued and sold common stock to its parent, at $20
per share, 2,000,000 shares in October 1994 and 5,000,000 shares
in October 1993. Other paid-in capital decreased $145,000 in 1993
and $550,000 in 1992 as a result of the underwriting fees and
commissions and miscellaneous expenses associated with the
Company's sale of $40 million of preferred stock in 1992.
<PAGE>
                                                     F-66

PREFERRED STOCK:
  All of the preferred stock is entitled on voluntary liquidation
to its then current call price and on involuntary liquidation to
$100 per share. The holders of the Company's market auction
preferred stock are entitled to dividends at a rate determined by
an auction held the business day preceding each quarterly
dividend payment date.

Note I-Long-Term Debt:
  Maturities for long-term debt for the next five years are:
1995, $27,000,000; 1996 and 1997, none; 1998, $103,500,000; and
1999, $2,500,000. Substantially all of the properties of the
Company are held subject to the lien securing its first mortgage
bonds. Some properties are also subject to a second lien securing
certain pollution control and solid waste disposal notes. Certain
first mortgage bond series are not redeemable by certain
refunding until dates established in the respective supplemental
indentures.

Note J-Short-Term Financing:
  To provide interim financing and support for outstanding
commercial paper, the System companies have established lines of
credit with several banks. The Company has SEC authorization for
total short-term borrowings of $170 million, including money pool
borrowings described below. The Company has fee arrangements on
all of its lines of credit and no compensating balance
requirements. In addition to bank lines of credit, an internal
money pool accommodates intercompany short-term borrowing needs,
to the extent that certain of the companies have funds available.
In January 1994, the Company and its affiliates jointly
established an aggregate $300 million multi-year credit program
which provides that the Company may borrow up to $135 million on
a standby revolving credit basis. There was no short-term debt
outstanding at the end of 1994 or 1993. Average short-term debt
outstanding during the year for 1994 and 1993 consisted of:

                                           1994             1993 
                                           (Thousands of Dollars)
Average amount outstanding during the year:
  Commercial Paper                         $2,216-4.38%        -
  Notes Payable to Banks                    2,379-4.37%     $9,081-3.18%
  Money Pool                                  521-4.24%      1,166-3.01%

Note K-Commitments and Contingencies:
CONSTRUCTION PROGRAM:
  The Company has entered into commitments for its construction
program, for which expenditures are estimated to be $172 million
for 1995 and $115 million for 1996. These estimates include
expenditures for the program of complying with the Clean Air Act
Amendments of 1990 (CAAA) as discussed below.
<PAGE>
                                                     F-67

ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS:
  System companies are subject to various laws, regulations, and
uncertainties as to environmental matters. Compliance may require
them to incur substantial additional costs to modify or replace
existing and proposed equipment and facilities and may affect
adversely the lead time, size, and siting of future generating
stations, increase the complexity and cost of pollution control
equipment, and otherwise add to the cost of future operations.  
Construction estimates for 1995 and 1996 include $38 million and
$1 million, respectively, for compliance with Phase I of the
CAAA. Through 1998, annual construction expenditures, on average,
are not expected to significantly vary from 1995 estimated
levels. Construction expenditure levels in 1999 and beyond will
depend upon the strategy eventually selected for complying with
Phase II of the CAAA, as well as future generation requirements.

LITIGATION AND OTHER:
  In the normal course of business, the Company becomes involved
in various legal proceedings. The Company does not believe that
the ultimate outcome of these proceedings will have a material
effect on its financial position.
  The Company is guarantor as to 45% of a $50 million revolving
credit agreement of AGC, which in 1994 was used by AGC solely as
support for its indebtedness for commercial paper outstanding.
<PAGE>

                                                     F-68

                                       REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS


To the Board of Directors of
Allegheny Generating Company


         In our opinion, the financial statements listed in the
accompanying index present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of Allegheny Generating Company (an Allegheny
Power System, Inc. affiliate) at December 31, 1994 and 1993, and
the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the
three years in the period ended December 31, 1994, in conformity
with generally accepted accounting principles.  These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company's management;
our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audits.  We conducted our audits of these
statements in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards which require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, and
evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.  We
believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for the
opinion expressed above.

         As discussed in Notes A and B to the financial statements,
the Company changed its method of accounting for income taxes in
1993.



                                                   PRICE WATERHOUSE LLP
                                                   PRICE WATERHOUSE LLP

New York, New York
February 2, 1995

<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     F-69

STATEMENT OF INCOME

                                                   YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
                                           1994             1993            1992
                                                   (Thousands of Dollars)

<S>                                        <C>              <C>             <C> 
Electric Operating Revenues                $91 022          $90 606         $96 147
Operating Expenses:
  Operation and maintenance expense          6 695            6 609           6 094
  Depreciation                              16 852           16 899          16 827
  Taxes other than income taxes              5 223            5 347           5 236
  Federal income taxes (Note B)             14 737           13 262          14 702
    Total Operating Expenses                43 507           42 117          42 859
  Operating Income                          47 515           48 489          53 288
  Other Income and Deductions                   11              328              21
  Income Before Interest Charges            47 526           48 817          53 309

Interest Charges:
  Interest on long-term debt                16 863           21 185          22 285
  Other interest                               946              450             300
    Total Interest Charges                  17 809           21 635          22 585
  Net Income                               $29 717          $27 182         $30 724

</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     F-70

STATEMENT OF RETAINED EARNINGS
<S>                                        <C>              <C>             <C> 
Balance at January 1                       $18 512          $25 530         $34 593
Add:
  Net income                                29 717           27 182          30 724
                                            48 229           52 712          65 317
Deduct:
  Dividends on common stock                 35 500           34 200          39 787
  Balance at December 31                   $12 729          $18 512         $25 530

See accompanying notes to financial statements.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     F-71

STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

                                                   YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
                                           1994             1993            1992
                                                   (Thousands of Dollars)

Cash Flows from Operations:
  <S>                                      <C>              <C>             <C> 
  Net income                               $29 717          $27 182         $30 724
  Depreciation                              16 852           16 899          16 827
  Deferred investment credit
   and income taxes, net                     9 567            5 321           6 437

Changes in certain current assets and liabilities:
   Accounts receivable                       7 099           (6 118)            (11)
   Materials and supplies                       (2)            (163)            131
   Accounts payable                             37                6            (242)
   Taxes accrued                              (216)            (153)           (766)
   Interest accrued                           (200)             632             361
   Other, net                               (7 133)           4 851           1 853
                                            55 721           48 457          55 314

Cash Flows from Investing:
  Construction expenditures                 (1 065)          (2 739)         (3 251)

Cash Flows from Financing:
  Issuance of long-term debt                                198 075           2 364
  Retirement of long-term debt             (19 126)         (209 598)       (14 842)
  Cash dividends on common stock           (35 500)          (34 200)       (39 787)
                                           (54 626)          (45 723)       (52 265)
  Net Change in Cash                            30                (5)          (202)
  Cash at January 1                             15                20            222
  Cash at December 31                      $    45           $    15        $    20
  Supplemental cash flow information

Cash paid during the year for:
  Interest                                 $17 078           $21 109        $22 062
  Income taxes                               7 137             8 220          9 027

See accompanying notes to financial statements.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
                                                     F-72

BALANCE SHEET DECEMBER 31
                                           1994             1993
                                           (Thousands of Dollars)

ASSETS
  Property, Plant, and Equipment:
    At original cost, including $21,000 and $2,212,000 under
    construction                           $824 714         $824 904
    Accumulated depreciation               (143 965)        (128 375)
                                            680 749          696 529

  Current Assets:
    Cash                                         45               15
    Accounts receivable from parents          1 516            8 615
    Materials and supplies -
     at average cost                          2 193            2 191
    Other                                     2 237              242
                                              5 991           11 063

  Deferred Charges:
    Regulatory assets (Note B)                4 449            4 489
    Unamortized loss on reacquired debt      10 653           11 374
    Other                                    12 394           12 474
                                             27 496           28 337
      Total                                $714 236         $735 929

<PAGE>
                                                     F-73

CAPITALIZATION AND LIABILITIES

Capitalization:
  Common stock - $1.00 par value per share,
  authorized 5,000 shares,
  outstanding 1,000 shares                 $      1         $      1
  Other paid-in capital                     209 999          209 999
  Retained earnings                          12 729           18 512
                                            222 729          228 512
  Long-term debt (Note D)                   267 165          277 196
                                            489 894          505 708

Current Liabilities:
  Long-term debt due within one year
   (Note D)                                   1 000           10 000
  Accounts payable                               48               11
  Interest accrued                            4 900            5 100
  Taxes accrued                                  33              249
  Other                                         503            6 531
                                              6 484           21 891

Deferred Credits:
  Unamortized investment credit              52 297           53 613
  Deferred income taxes                     137 297          125 848
  Regulatory liabilities (Note B)            28 264           28 869
                                            217 858          208 330
    Total                                  $714 236         $735 929

See accompanying notes to financial statements.
<PAGE>
                                                     F-74

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(These notes are an integral part of the financial statements.)

Note A
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies:
  The Company was incorporated in Virginia in 1981. Its common
stock is owned by Monongahela Power Company - 27%, The Potomac
Edison Company - 28%, and West Penn Power Company - 45% (the
Parents). The Parents are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Allegheny
Power System, Inc. and are a part of the Allegheny Power
integrated electric utility system. The Company is subject to
regulation by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and by
the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC). Significant
accounting policies of the Company are summarized below.

PROPERTY, PLANT, AND EQUIPMENT:
  Property, plant, and equipment are stated at original cost, and
consist of a 40% undivided interest in the Bath County
pumped-storage hydroelectric station and its connecting
transmission facilities. The cost of depreciable property units
retired plus removal costs less salvage are charged to
accumulated depreciation.

DEPRECIATION AND MAINTENANCE:
  Provisions for depreciation are determined on a straight-line
method based on estimated service lives of depreciable properties
and amounted to approximately 2.1% of average depreciable
property in each of the years 1994, 1993, and 1992. The cost of
maintenance and of certain replacements of property, plant, and
equipment is charged to operating expenses.

INCOME TAXES:
  The Company joins with its parents and affiliates in filing a
consolidated federal income tax return. The consolidated tax
liability is allocated among the participants generally in
proportion to the taxable income of each participant, except that
no subsidiary pays tax in excess of its separate return tax
liability.
   Financial accounting income before income taxes differs from
taxable income principally because certain income and deductions
for tax purposes are recorded in the financial income statement
in another period. Differences between income tax expense
computed on the basis of financial accounting income and taxes
payable based on taxable income are deferred. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities recorded in accordance with the Financial
Accounting Standards Board Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards (SFAS) No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes",
represent the tax effect of temporary differences between the
financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities
computed utilizing the most current tax rates.
   Prior to 1987, provisions for federal income tax were reduced
by investment credits, and amounts equivalent to such credits
were charged to income with concurrent credits to a deferred 
<PAGE>
                                                     F-75

account, balances of which are being amortized over estimated
service lives of the related properties.

ACCOUNTING CHANGE:
  Effective January 1, 1993, the Company adopted SFAS No. 109,
"Accounting for Income Taxes". This standard mandated a change
from the previous income-based deferral approach to a balance
sheet-based liability approach for computing deferred income
taxes.

Note B
Income Taxes:
  Details of federal income tax provisions are:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           1994             1993            1992
                                                   (Thousands of Dollars)
<S>                                        <C>              <C>             <C> 
Current income taxes payable               $ 5 176          $ 8 112         $ 8 276
Deferred income taxes -
  accelerated depreciation                  10 883            6 637           7 758
Investment credit adjustment
  Amortization of deferred 
  investment credit                         (1 316)          (1 316)         (1 322)
    Total income taxes                      14 743           13 433          14 713

Income taxes-charged to other income            (6)            (171)            (11)
Income taxes-charged to operating income   $14 737          $13 262         $14 702
</TABLE>
  In 1994, the total provision for income taxes ($14,737,000) was
less than the amount produced by applying the federal income tax
statutory rate to financial accounting income before income taxes
($15,559,000), due primarily to amortization of deferred
investment credit ($1,316,000).

  Federal income tax returns through 1991 have been examined and
substantially settled.

  In adopting SFAS No. 109, the Company recognized a significant
increase in both deferred tax assets and liabilities. At December
31, the deferred tax assets and liabilities were comprised of the
following:
                                           1994             1993
                                           (Thousands of Dollars)
Deferred tax assets:
  Unamortized investment tax credit        $ 28 160         $ 28 869
  Other                                         104
                                             28 264           28 869
Deferred tax liabilities:
  Book vs. tax plant basis
    differences, net                        165 561          154 565
  Other                                                          152
                                            165 561          154 717
    Total net deferred tax liabilities     $137 297         $125 848
<PAGE>

                                                     F-76

  It is expected the FERC will allow recovery of the deferred tax
liabilities in future years as they are paid, and accordingly,
the Company has recorded regulatory assets of $4 million which
offset the increase in deferred tax liabilities. Regulatory
liabilities of $28 million have been recorded which offset the
increase in deferred tax assets in order to reflect the Company's
obligation to pass such tax benefits on to its customers as the
benefits are realized in cash in future years.

Note C
Fair Value of Financial Instruments:
  The carrying amounts and estimated fair value of financial
instruments at December 31, 1994 and 1993 were as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                  1994                              1993
                          Carrying         Fair             Carrying        Fair
                          Amount           Value            Amount          Value
                                             (Thousands of Dollars)
Liabilities:
  Long-term debt:
    <S>                   <C>              <C>              <C>             <C>  
    Debentures            $150 000         $120 195         $150 000        $142 730 
    Medium-term notes       77 975           73 704           87 975          90 715
    Commercial paper        41 736           41 736           21 362          21 362
    Notes payable to
     affiliates               -                -              29 500          29 500
</TABLE>
  The carrying amount of debentures and medium-term notes was
based on actual market prices or market prices of similar issues.
The carrying amount of commercial paper and notes payable to
affiliates approximates the fair value because of the short
maturity of those instruments. The Company does not have any
financial instruments held or issued for trading purposes.
<PAGE>

                                                     F-77
Note D
Long-Term Debt:
  The Company had long-term debt outstanding as follows:

                          Interest             December 31
                          Rate - %         1994             1993
                                           (Thousands of Dollars)
Debentures due:
  September 1, 2003       5.625            $ 50 000         $ 50 000
  September 1, 2023       6.875             100 000          100 000
  Commercial paper        6.25 (1)           41 736           21 362
  Medium-term notes 
    due 1994-1998         6.37 (1)           77 975           87 975
  Notes payable to
   affiliates             2.85 (2)                            29 500
  Unamortized
    debt discount                            (1 546)          (1 641)
    Total                                  $268 165         $287 196
  Less current maturities                     1 000           10 000
    Total                                  $267 165         $277 196

(1) Weighted average interest rate at December 31, 1994.
(2) Weighted average interest rate at December 31, 1993.

  The Company has a revolving credit agreement with a group of
seven banks which provides for loans of up to $50 million at any
one time outstanding through 1998. Each bank has the option to
discontinue its loans after 1998 upon three years' prior written
notice. Without such notice, the loans are automatically extended
for one year. Amounts borrowed are guaranteed by the Parents in
proportion to their equity interest. Interest rates are
determined at the time of each borrowing. The revolving credit
agreement serves as support for the Company's commercial paper.
In addition to bank lines of credit, an internal money pool
accommodates intercompany short-term borrowing needs, to the
extent that certain of the Company's affiliates have funds
available. At the end of 1993, the Company had outstanding
$29,500,000 of money pool borrowings from affiliates.
  Maturities for long-term debt for the next five years are:
1995, $1,000,000; 1996, $6,375,000; 1997, $10,600,000; 1998,
$101,736,000; and 1999, none.
<PAGE> 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        S-1          SCHEDULE II



                               ALLEGHENY POWER SYSTEM, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES

                                         Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
                                 For Years Ended December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992




           Col. A                 Col. B                     Col. C                   Col. D            Col. E

                                                            Additions         
                                  Balance at       Charged to       Charged to                        Balance at
                                  beginning        costs and           other                            end of
         Description              of period         expenses         accounts        Deductions         period  
                                                                       (A)              (B)

Allowance for uncollectible
  accounts:


<S>                               <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>              <C> 
Year ended December 31, 1994      $ 3 418 261      $14 714 000      $ 3 060 544      $ 9 840 131      $11 352 674


Year ended December 31, 1993      $ 3 364 104      $ 5 732 000      $ 2 546 341      $ 8 224 184      $ 3 418 261


Year ended December 31, 1992      $ 3 744 270      $ 5 160 000      $ 2 253 279      $ 7 793 445      $ 3 364 104




(A)  Recoveries.
(B)  Uncollectible accounts charged off.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        S-2          SCHEDULE II



                                             MONONGAHELA POWER COMPANY

                                         Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
                                 For Years Ended December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992




           Col. A                 Col. B                     Col. C                   Col. D            Col. E

                                                            Additions         
                                  Balance at       Charged to       Charged to                        Balance at
                                  beginning        costs and           other                            end of
         Description              of period         expenses         accounts        Deductions         period  
                                                                       (A)              (B)

Allowance for uncollectible
  accounts:


<S>                               <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>
Year ended December 31, 1994      $ 1 084 037      $ 2 240 000      $   667 910      $ 2 081 342      $ 1 910 605


Year ended December 31, 1993      $ 1 056 010      $ 1 210 000      $   604 387      $ 1 786 360      $ 1 084 037


Year ended December 31, 1992      $ 1 080 499      $ 1 215 000      $   597 147      $ 1 836 636      $ 1 056 010




(A)  Recoveries.
(B)  Uncollectible accounts charged off.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        S-3          SCHEDULE II



                                            THE POTOMAC EDISON COMPANY

                                         Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
                                 For Years Ended December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992


           Col. A                 Col. B                    Col. C                   Col. D           Col. E

                                                            Additions         
                                  Balance at       Charged to       Charged to                        Balance at
                                  beginning        costs and           other                            end of
         Description              of period         expenses         accounts        Deductions         period  
                                                                       (A)              (B)



Allowance for uncollectible
  accounts:


<S>                               <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>
Year ended December 31, 1994      $ 1 207 979      $ 1 624 000      $ 1 007 652      $ 2 664 194      $ 1 175 437


Year ended December 31, 1993      $ 1 178 009      $ 1 412 000      $   790 089      $ 2 172 119      $ 1 207 979


Year ended December 31, 1992      $ 1 214 562      $ 1 325 000      $   684 931      $ 2 046 484      $ 1 178 009




(A)  Recoveries.
(B)  Uncollectible accounts charged off.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        S-4          SCHEDULE II



                                 WEST PENN POWER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES

                                         Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
                                 For Years Ended December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992




           Col. A                  Col. B                    Col. C                  Col. D             Col. E

                                                            Additions         
                                  Balance at       Charged to       Charged to                        Balance at
                                  beginning        costs and           other                            end of
         Description              of period         expenses         accounts        Deductions         period  
                                                                        (A)             (B)

Allowance for uncollectible
  accounts:


<S>                               <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>
Year ended December 31, 1994      $ 1 126 244      $10 850 000      $ 1 384 982      $ 5 094 594      $ 8 266 632


Year ended December 31, 1993      $ 1 130 085      $ 3 110 000      $ 1 151 865      $ 4 265 706      $ 1 126 244


Year ended December 31, 1992      $ 1 449 209      $ 2 620 000      $   971 201      $ 3 910 325      $ 1 130 085




(A)  Recoveries.
(B)  Uncollectible accounts charged off.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Supplementary Data
Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)
(Thousands of Dollars)
                                                                                          Income Before
                    Electric Operating                                                 Cumulative Effect of
   1994                  Revenues                       Operating Income                Accounting Change      
Quarter ended    Reported         Restated         Reported         Restated         Reported         Restated

APS
<C>              <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>  
March 1994       $704 332         $697 299         $118 157         $115 118         $ 78 904         $ 75 865
June 1994         569 261          561 217           83 498           79 717           43 148           39 367
September 1994    595 313          591 123           92 946           90 855           51 898           49 807
December 1994     582 778          602 045           93 540          102 451           45 801           54 712

March 1993        614 678                           107 524                            67 609         
June 1993         552 380                            83 292                            44 358         
September 1993    583 311                            94 119                            54 527
December 1993     581 157                            89 704                            49 262

Monongahela
March 1994        187 909                            24 294                            17 580         
June 1994         157 940                            16 855                            10 222
September 1994    165 932                            20 613                            13 523
December 1994     168 349                            25 473                            18 611         

March 1993        165 542                            24 289                            18 252         
June 1993         145 241                            17 174                            11 571
September 1993    165 489                            22 038                            15 787
December 1993     165 572                            22 802                            16 088         


Potomac Edison
March 1994        226 901           223 648          39 028           37 350           32 285           30 607
June 1994         177 038           171 047          23 976           20 934           16 102           13 060
September 1994    180 971           179 114          24 359           23 109           16 278           15 028
December 1994     174 455           185 556          24 959           30 929           17 318           23 288

March 1993        196 182                            33 963                            26 779         
June 1993         170 732                            24 852                            17 514
September 1993    172 780                            23 605                            17 372
December 1993     172 891                            19 296                            11 802


West Penn
March 1994        324 831           321 051          43 501           42 139           34 027           32 665
June 1994         266 000           263 946          31 616           30 877           22 745           22 006
September 1994    276 491           274 161          36 417           35 578           27 584           26 745
December 1994     260 920           269 084          30 360           33 300           16 659           19 599

March 1993        280 018                            37 151                            27 647
June 1993         259 873                            29 284                            20 311         
September 1993    271 466                            36 475                            26 121
December 1993     273 620                            38 442                            27 982         


AGC
March 1994         22 431                            11 509                             7 085
June 1994          21 869                            11 253                             6 771
September 1994     22 337                            11 551                             7 087
December 1994      24 385                            13 202                             8 774

March 1993         23 423                            12 818                             7 219
June 1993          23 730                            12 745                             7 478
September 1993     23 391                            12 555                             7 365
December 1993      20 062                            10 371                             5 120
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Supplementary Data (continued)
Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)
(Thousands of Dollars)

                                                      Earnings Per Share
                                                       Before Cumulative
                                                          Effect of
   1994                Net Income                      Accounting Change                Earnings Per Share    
Quarter ended    Reported         Restated         Reported         Restated         Reported         Restated

APS
<C>              <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>
March 1994       $ 78 904         $119 311         $  .67           $  .65           $  .67           $ 1.02 
June 1994          43 148           39 367            .37              .33              .37              .33  
September 1994     51 898           49 807            .44              .42              .44              .42  
December 1994      45 801           54 712            .38              .46              .38              .46  

March 1993         67 609                             .59                               .59           
June 1993          44 358                             .39                               .39           
September 1993     54 527                             .48                               .48  
December 1993      49 262                             .42                               .42  

Monongahela
March 1994         17 580           25 525
June 1994          10 222           10 222
September 1994     13 523           13 523
December 1994      18 611           18 611

March 1993         18 252
June 1993          11 571
September 1993     15 787
December 1993      16 088


Potomac Edison
March 1994         32 285           47 078
June 1994          16 102           13 060
September 1994     16 278           15 028
December 1994      17 318           23 288

March 1993         26 779                          
June 1993          17 514                          
September 1993     17 372                          
December 1993      11 802                          


West Penn
March 1994         34 027           51 696
June 1994          22 745           22 006
September 1994     27 584           26 745
December 1994      16 659           19 599

March 1993         27 647                           
June 1993          20 311                           
September 1993     26 121                           
December 1993      27 982                     


AGC
March 1994          7 085                           
June 1994           6 771                           
September 1994      7 087                           
December 1994       8 774                           

March 1993          7 219                           
June 1993           7 478                          
September 1993      7 365                                   
December 1993       5 120                                   
</TABLE>
<PAGE>

ITEM 9.   CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON
                 ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE                          

         For APS and the Subsidiaries, none.

<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     PART III
                                                          

ITEM 10.    DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANTS

         APS, Monongahela, Potomac Edison, West Penn, and AGC. Reference is made to the Executive Officers of the
Registrants in Part I of this report.  The names, ages, and the business experience during the past five years of
the directors of the System companies are set forth below:  

                          Business Experience during                Director since date shown of
         Name                the Past Five Years            Age      APS      MP      PE       WP       AGC 

<S>                       <C>                               <C>     <C>     <C>      <C>     <C>
Eleanor Baum              See below  (a)                    54      1988    1988     1988    1988 
William L. Bennett        See below  (b)                    45      1991    1991     1991    1991             
Klaus Bergman             System employee  (1)              63      1985    1985     1985    1979       1982
Stanley I. Garnett, II    System employee  (1)              51              1990     1990    1990       1990
Benjamin H. Hayes*        System employee  (1)              60              1992
Wendell F. Holland**      See below  (c)                    42      1994    1994     1994    1994     
Kenneth M. Jones          System employee  (1)              57                                          1991
Phillip E. Lint           See below  (d)                    65      1989    1989     1989    1989
Edward H. Malone          See below  (e)                    70      1985    1985     1985    1985
Frank A. Metz, Jr.        See below  (f)                    60      1984    1984     1984    1984
Clarence F. Michalis***   See below  (g)                    72      1973    1973     1973    1973
Alan J. Noia              System employee  (1)              47      1994    1994     1987    1994       1994
Jay S. Pifer              System employee  (1)              57              1995     1995    1992
Steven H. Rice            See below  (h)                    51      1986    1986     1986    1986
Gunnar E. Sarsten         See below  (i)                    57      1992    1992     1992    1992
Peter L. Shea             See below  (j)                    62      1993    1993     1993    1993
Peter J. Skrgic           System employee  (1)              53              1990     1990    1990       1989

(1)      See Executive Officers of the Registrants in Part I of this report 
         for further details.

(a)      Eleanor Baum.  Dean of The Albert Nerken School of Engineering of 
         The Cooper Union for the Advancement of Science and Art.  Director of 
         Avnet, Inc. and United States Trust Company.  Commissioner of the
         Engineering Manpower Commission, a fellow of the Institute of 
         Electrical and Electronic Engineers, member of Board of Governors, 
         New York Academy of Sciences and President, American Society of 
         Engineering Education.

(b)      William L. Bennett.  Chairman, Director and Chief Executive Officer 
         of Noel Group, Inc.  Director of Belding Heminway Company, Inc., 
         Global Natural Resources Inc., Lincoln Snacks Company, Simmons Outdoor
         Corporation, Sylvan, Inc. and TDX Corporation.  Formerly, general 
         partner, Discovery Funds, a venture capital affiliate of Rockefeller 
         & Company, Inc.

(c)      Wendell F. Holland.  Of Counsel, Law Firm of Reed, Smith, Shaw & 
         McClay.  Formerly, Partner, Law Firm of LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene & 
         MacRae, and Commissioner of the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission.

(d)      Phillip E. Lint.  Retired.  Formerly, partner, Price Waterhouse.

(e)      Edward H. Malone.  Retired.  Formerly, Vice President of General 
         Electric Company and Chairman, General Electric Investment Corporation.
         Director of Fidelity Group of Mutual Funds, General Re Corporation, and
         Mattel, Inc.

(f)      Frank A. Metz, Jr.  Retired.  Formerly, Senior Vice President, 
         Finance and Planning, and Director, International Business Machines 
         Corporation. Director of Monsanto Company and Norrell Corporation.

(g)      Clarence F. Michalis.  Chairman of the Board of Directors of Josiah 
         Macy, Jr. Foundation, a tax-exempt foundation for medical research and 
         education.  Director of Schroder Capital Funds Inc.

(h)      Steven H. Rice.  Bank consultant and attorney-at-law.  Director and
         Vice Chairman of the Board of Stamford Federal Savings Bank.
         Formerly, President and Chief Operating Officer and Director of The 
         Seamen's Bank for Savings and Director of Royal Group, Inc. (The Royal 
         Insurance Companies).  

(i)      Gunnar E. Sarsten.  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of MK 
         International.  Formerly, President and Chief Operating Officer of
         Morrison Knudsen Corporation, President and Chief Executive Officer of
         United Engineers & Constructors International, Inc., (now Raytheon 
         Engineers & Constructors, Inc.), and Deputy Chairman of the Third 
         District Federal Reserve Bank in Philadelphia.

(j)      Peter L. Shea.  Managing director of Hydrocarbon Energy, Inc., a 
         privately owned oil and gas development drilling and production company
         and an Individual General Partner of Panther Partners, L.P., a 
         closed-end, non-diversified, management company.

*    Benjamin H. Hayes retired effective January 1, 1995.
**   Wendell F. Holland became a director effective September 8, 1994.
***  Clarence F. Michalis retired effective May 1, 1994.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
ITEM ll.   EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

         During 1994, and for 1993 and 1992, the annual compensation paid by each of the System companies, APS, APSC,
Monongahela, Potomac Edison, West Penn, and AGC directly or indirectly for services in all capacities to such
companies to their Chief Executive Officer and each of the four most highly paid executive officers of each such
company whose cash compensation exceeded $100,000 was as follows:

                                               Summary Compensation Tables

                                                           APS

                                                 Annual Compensation (a)
                                                                                             Other         All 
Name                                                                                         Annual        Other
and                                                                                          Compen-      Compen-
Principal                                                                                    sation       sation
Position                                 Year               Salary($)       Bonus($)(b)      ($)(c)       ($)(d)(e)

<S>                                      <C>                <C>              <C>              <C>          <C>
Klaus Bergman,                           1994               485,004          120,000                       91,458
Chief Executive                          1993               460,008           90,000                       46,889
Officer (f)                              1992               445,008           80,000                       13,529

Alan J. Noia,                            1994               236,336           57,000                       47,867
President (f)(g)                         1993               212,500           37,000                       20,107
                                         1992               200,000           38,000                        7,975
                                      
Stanley I. Garnett, II                   1994               219,336           47,000                       70,213
Senior Vice President (f)                1993               206,004           40,000                       24,006
                                         1992               195,600           35,000                        7,939

Peter J. Skrgic                          1994               213,336           50,000                       57,253
Senior Vice President (f)                1993               185,004           38,000          (h)          18,678
                                         1992               175,008           31,000          (h)           8,325

Nancy H. Gormley                         1994               175,008           37,000                       22,478
Vice President (f)                       1993               162,504           28,000                       15,446
                                         1992               150,000           28,000                        8,159

(a)        APS has no paid employees.  All salaries and bonuses are paid by 
           APSC.

(b)        Incentive awards are based upon performance in the year in which 
           the figure appears but are paid in the second quarter of the 
           following year.  The incentive award plan will be continued for 1995.

(c)        Amounts constituting less than 10% of the total annual salary and 
           bonus are not disclosed.  All officers did receive miscellaneous 
           other items amounting to less than 10% of total annual salary and 
           bonus.

(d)        Effective January 1, 1992, the basic group life insurance provided 
           employees was reduced from two times salary during employment, which 
           reduced to one times salary after 5 years in retirement, to a new 
           plan which provides one times salary until retirement and $25,000 
           thereafter.  Executive officers and other senior managers remain 
           under the prior plan.  In order to pay for this insurance for 
           these executives, during 1992 insurance was purchased on the lives 
           of each of them. Effective January 1, 1993, APS started
           to provide funds to pay for the future benefits due under the 
           supplemental retirement plan (Secured Benefit Plan) as described 
           in note (a) on p. 53.  To do this, APS purchased, during 1993, 
           life insurance on the lives of the covered executives.  The 
           premium costs of both the 1992 and 1993 policies plus a
           factor for the use of the money are returned to APS at the earlier 
           of (a) death of the insured or (b) the later of age 65 or 
           10 years from the date of the policy's inception.  The figures
           in this column include the present value of the executives' cash 
           value at retirement attributable to the current year's premium
           payment (based upon the premium, future valued to retirement, 
           using the policy internal rate of return minus the corporation's 
           premium payment), as well as the premium paid for the basic group 
           life insurance program plan and the contribution for the 
           401(k) plan.  For 1994, the figure shown includes amounts
           representing (a) the aggregate of life insurance premiums and 
           dollar value of the benefit to the executive officer of the
           remainder of the premium paid on the Group Life Insurance program 
           and the Executive Life Insurance and Secured Benefit Plans and 
           (b) 401(k) contributions as follows:  Mr. Bergman $86,958 and
           $4,500; Mr. Noia $43,367 and $4,500; Mr. Garnett $66,253 and 
           $3,960; and Mr. Skrgic $52,753 and $4,500; Ms. Gormley $17,978 and 
           $4,500, respectively.

(e)        In 1994, the Boards of Directors of APS, APSC and the Operating 
           Subsidiaries implemented a Performance Share Plan (the "Plan") 
           for senior officers which was approved by the shareholders of APS 
           at the annual meeting in May 1994.  The first Plan cycle began on 
           January 1, 1994 and will end on December 31, 1996.  After completion 
           of that cycle, performance share awards or cash may be granted if a 
           participant has met his or her performance criteria.  Since the Plan 
           cycle will not be complete until 1997, no awards have
           been granted and the amount which any named executive officer will 
           receive has not yet been determined.

(f)        See Executive Officers of the Registrants for other positions held.

(g)        Mr. Noia's compensation was paid by Potomac Edison through 
           August 31, 1994, after which time it was paid by APSC.

(h)        Although less than 10% of total annual salary and bonus, Mr. 
           Skrgic received a $15,000 housing allowance in 1993 and 1992.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               Summary Compensation Tables


                                                       MONONGAHELA

                                                            
                                                   Annual Compensation


Name                                                                                              All Other
and                                                                                                Compen-
Principal                                                                                          sation
Position                                Year                Salary($)           Bonus($)(a)         ($)(b)(c)

<S>                                     <C>                <C>                    <C>               <C>    
Klaus Bergman,                          1994
Chief Executive                         1993
Officer (d)                             1992


Benjamin H. Hayes,                      1994                197,500               58,000            92,880(f)
President (e)                           1993                189,996               35,000            19,668
                                        1992                180,000               30,000            11,114


Thomas A. Barlow                        1994                124,750               19,500            16,687
Vice President                          1993                119,496               18,000            12,777
                                        1992                113,247               16,000             7,145


Robert R. Winter                        1994                126,000               20,000            35,404
Vice President                          1993                119,502               18,000            19,529
                                        1992                112,002               17,000             6,332


Richard E. Myers                        1994                116,166               14,000            18,734 
Comptroller                             1993                110,121               11,000            17,246
                                        1992                104,581               10,000             7,486


(a)        Incentive awards are based upon performance in the year in which the figure appears but are paid in the
           second quarter of the following year.  The incentive award plan will be continued for 1995.

(b)        Effective January 1, 1992, the basic group life insurance provided employees was reduced from two times
           salary during employment, which reduced to one times salary after 5 years in retirement, to a new plan
           which provides one times salary until retirement and $25,000 thereafter.  Executive officers and other
           senior managers remain under the prior plan.  In order to pay for this insurance for these executives,
           during 1992 insurance was purchased on the lives of each of them.  Effective January 1, 1993, APS started
           to provide funds to pay for the future benefits due under the supplemental retirement plan (Secured
           Benefit Plan) as described in note (a) on p. 53.  To do this, APS purchased, during 1993, life insurance
           on the lives of the covered executives.  The premium costs of both the 1992 and 1993 policies plus a
           factor for the use of the money are returned to APS at the earlier of (a) death of the insured or (b) the
           later of age 65 or 10 years from the date of the policy's inception.  The figures in this column include
           the present value of the executives' cash value at retirement attributable to the current year's premium
           payment (based upon the premium, future valued to retirement, using the policy internal rate of return
           minus the corporation's premium payment), as well as the premium paid for the basic group life insurance
           program plan and the contribution for the 401(k) plan.  For 1994, the figure shown includes amounts
           representing (a) the aggregate of life insurance premiums on the Group Life Insurance program and the
           Executive Life Insurance and Secured Benefit Plans and (b) 401(k) contributions as follows:  Mr. Hayes
           $47,798 and $4,500; Mr. Barlow $12,947 and $3,740; Mr. Winter $31,627 and $3,777; and Mr. Myers $15,251
           and $3,483, respectively.

(c)        In 1994, the Boards of Directors of APS, APSC and the Operating Subsidiaries implemented a Performance
           Share Plan (the "Plan") for senior officers which was approved by the shareholders of APS at the annual
           meeting in May 1994.  The first Plan cycle began on January 1, 1994 and will end on December 31, 1996. 
           After completion of that cycle, performance share awards or cash may be granted if a participant has met
           his or her performance criteria.  Since the Plan cycle will not be complete until 1997, no awards have
           been granted and the amount which any named executive officer will receive has not yet been determined.

(d)        The total compensation Mr. Bergman received for services in all capacities to APS, APSC and the
           Subsidiaries is set forth in the Summary Compensation Table for APS.

(e)        Mr. Hayes retired effective January 1, 1995.

(f)        Included in this amount is $40,500 representing accrued vacation for which he was paid.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               Summary Compensation Tables


                                                     POTOMAC EDISON

                                                            
                                                   Annual Compensation


Name                                                                                              All Other
and                                                                                                Compen-
Principal                                                                                          sation
Position                                Year                Salary($)           Bonus($)(a)         ($)(b)(c)

<S>                                     <C>                <C>                    <C>                 <C>
Klaus Bergman,                          1994
Chief Executive                         1993
Officer (d)                             1992


Alan J. Noia,                           1994
President (d)(e)                        1993                                                            
                                        1992


Robert B. Murdock                       1994                139,500               21,500              36,983(g)
Vice President(f)                       1993                135,000               21,000              12,936
                                        1992                128,914               19,000               8,853


James D. Latimer                        1994                136,871               22,500              15,171
Executive Vice President                1993                119,996               17,000              12,971
                                        1992                111,666               15,000               7,625


Thomas J. Kloc                          1994                117,000               14,500              13,736
Comptroller                             1993                112,500               11,000              11,204
                                        1992                107,004               10,000               5,366


(a)        Incentive awards are based upon performance in the year in which the figure appears but are paid in the
           second quarter of the following year.  The incentive award plan will be continued for 1995.

(b)        Effective January 1, 1992, the basic group life insurance provided employees was reduced from two times
           salary during employment, which reduced to one times salary after 5 years in retirement, to a new plan
           which provides one times salary until retirement and $25,000 thereafter.  Executive officers and other
           senior managers remain under the prior plan.  In order to pay for this insurance for these executives,
           during 1992 insurance was purchased on the lives of each of them.  Effective January 1, 1993, APS started
           to provide funds to pay for the future benefits due under the supplemental retirement plan (Secured
           Benefit Plan) as described in note (a) on p. 53.  To do this, APS purchased, during 1993, life insurance
           on the lives of the covered executives.  The premium costs of both the 1992 and 1993 policies plus a
           factor for the use of the money are returned to APS at the earlier of (a) death of the insured or (b) the
           later of age 65 or 10 years from the date of the policy's inception.  The figures in this column include
           the present value of the executives' cash value at retirement attributable to the current year's premium
           payment (based upon the premium, future valued to retirement, using the policy internal rate of return
           minus the corporation's premium payment), as well as the premium paid for the basic group life insurance
           program plan and the contribution for the 401(k) plan.  For 1994 the figure shown includes amounts
           representing (a) the aggregate of life insurance premiums on the Group Life Insurance program and the
           Executive Life Insurance and Secured Benefit Plans and (b) 401(k) contributions as follows:  Mr. Murdock
           $11,172 and $4,081; Mr. Latimer $11,205 and $3,966; and Mr. Kloc $10,226 and $3,510, respectively.

(c)        In 1994, the Boards of Directors of APS, APSC and the Operating Subsidiaries implemented a Performance
           Share Plan (the "Plan") for senior officers which was approved by the shareholders of APS at the annual
           meeting in May 1994.  The first Plan cycle began on January 1, 1994 and will end on December 31, 1996. 
           After completion of that cycle, performance share awards or cash may be granted if a participant has met
           his or her performance criteria.  Since the Plan cycle will not be complete until 1997, no awards have
           been granted and the amount which any named executive officer will receive has not yet been determined.

(d)        The total compensation Messrs. Bergman and Noia received for services in all capacities to APS, APSC and
           the Subsidiaries is set forth in the Summary Compensation Table for APS.

(e)        Mr. Noia's compensation was paid by Potomac Edison through August 31, 1994, after which time it was paid
           by APSC.  See note (d) above.

(f)        Mr. Murdock retired effective January 1, 1995.

(g)        Included in this amount is $21,730 representing accrued vacation for which he was paid.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               Summary Compensation Tables


                                                        WEST PENN


                                                   Annual Compensation


Name                                                                                              All Other
and                                                                                                Compen-
Principal                                                                                          sation
Position                                Year                Salary($)           Bonus($)(a)         ($)(b)(c)

<S>                                     <C>                <C>                     <C>               <C>
Klaus Bergman,                          1994
Chief Executive                         1993
Officer (d)                             1992


Jay S. Pifer,                           1994                189,996                39,000            50,630
President                               1993                175,500                25,000            18,093
                                        1992                156,495                28,000             9,870


Thomas K. Henderson,                    1994                129,164                20,000            29,223
Vice President                          1993                124,004                19,000            17,570
                                        1992                117,838                17,000             6,887

Charles S. Ault,                        1994                122,000                18,500            20,249
Vice President                          1993                114,419                16,000            12,673
                                        1992                107,129                15,000             6,764

Charles V. Burkley,                     1994                118,083                14,500            15,691
Comptroller                             1993                112,996                11,000            10,544
                                        1992                106,913                10,000             6,748


(a)        Incentive awards are based upon performance in the year in which the figure appears but are paid in the
           second quarter of the following year.  The incentive award plan will be continued for 1995.

(b)        Effective January 1, 1992, the basic group life insurance provided employees was reduced from two times
           salary during employment, which reduced to one times salary after 5 years in retirement, to a new plan
           which provides one times salary until retirement and $25,000 thereafter.  Executive officers and other
           senior managers remain under the prior plan.  In order to pay for this insurance for these executives,
           during 1992 insurance was purchased on the lives of each of them.  Effective January 1, 1993, APS started
           to provide funds to pay for the future benefits due under the supplemental retirement plan (Secured
           Benefit Plan) as described in note (a) on p. 53.  To do this, APS purchased, during 1993, life insurance
           on the lives of the covered executives.  The premium costs of both the 1992 and 1993 policies plus a
           factor for the use of the money are returned to APS at the earlier of (a) death of the insured or (b) the
           later of age 65 or 10 years from the date of the policy's inception.  The figures in this column include
           the present value of the executives' cash value at retirement attributable to the current year's premium
           payment (based upon the premium, future valued to retirement, using the policy internal rate of return
           minus the corporation's premium payment), as well as the premium paid for the basic group life insurance
           program plan and the contribution for the 401(k) plan.  For 1994 the figure shown includes amounts
           representing (a) the aggregate of life insurance premiums on the Group Life Insurance program and the
           Executive Life Insurance and Secured Benefit Plans and (b) 401(k) contributions as follows:  Mr. Pifer
           $46,130 and $4,500; Mr. Henderson $25,348 and $3,875; Mr. Ault $16,589 and $3,660; and Mr. Burkley $12,149
           and $3,542, respectively.

(c)        In 1994, the Boards of Directors of APS, APSC and the Operating Subsidiaries implemented a Performance
           Share Plan (the "Plan") for senior officers which was approved by the shareholders of APS at the annual
           meeting in May 1994.  The first Plan cycle began on January 1, 1994 and will end on December 31, 1996. 
           After completion of that cycle, performance share awards or cash may be granted if a participant has met
           his or her performance criteria.  Since the Plan cycle will not be complete until 1997, no awards have
           been granted and the amount which any named executive officer will receive has not yet been determined.

(d)        The total compensation Mr. Bergman received for services in all capacities to APS, APSC and the
           Subsidiaries is set forth in the Summary Compensation Table for APS.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               Summary Compensation Tables


                                                           AGC

                                                            
                                                 Annual Compensation (a)



Name                                                                                              All Other
and                                                                                                Compen-
Principal                                                                                          sation
Position                                Year                Salary($)           Bonus($)             ($)   




<S>        <C>
(a)        AGC has no paid employees.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                      DEFINED BENEFIT OR ACTUARIAL PLAN DISCLOSURE


                                                                                   Estimated
                                Name and Capacities                              Annual Benefits
Company                           in Which Served                               on Retirement (a)

APS (b)
                                <S>                                                       <C>
                                Klaus Bergman,                                            $242,000
                                  Chairman of the Board and
                                  Chief Executive Officer (c)

                                Alan J. Noia, President                                    183,000
                                   and Chief Operating
                                   Officer * (c)

                                Stanley I. Garnett, II,                                    125,000 
                                  Senior Vice President,
                                   Finance (c)

                                Peter J. Skrgic,                                           143,000 
                                  Senior Vice President (c)

                                Nancy H. Gormley,                                           95,900
                                  Vice President (c)(d)


Monongahela
                                Klaus Bergman,                                            $
                                  Chief Executive Officer (c)(e)

                                Benjamin H. Hayes,                                         102,500 
                                  President (f)                                            

                                Thomas A. Barlow,                                           72,700 
                                  Vice President (d)                                        

                                Robert R. Winter,                                           74,000 
                                  Vice President (c)

                                Richard E. Myers,                                           70,000 
                                  Comptroller



*  Elected President and Chief Operating Officer effective
   September 1, 1994.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                   Estimated
                                Name and Capacities                              Annual Benefits
Company                           in Which Served                               on Retirement (a)

Potomac Edison
                                <S>                                                         <C>
                                Klaus Bergman,                                              $
                                  Chief Executive Officer (c)(e)

                                Alan J. Noia,                                                       
                                  President (c)(e)

                                Robert B. Murdock,                                            70,500
                                  Vice President (f)

                                James D. Latimer,                                             90,500
                                  Executive Vice President

                                Thomas J. Kloc,                                               72,000
                                  Comptroller



West Penn     
                                Klaus Bergman,                                              $
                                  Chief Executive Officer (c)(e)

                                Jay S. Pifer,                                                 76,500
                                 President (c)

                                Thomas K. Henderson,                                          68,000
                                  Vice President (c)

                                Charles S. Ault,                                              77,000
                                  Vice President

                                Charles V. Burkley,                                           71,800
                                  Comptroller (d)



Allegheny
Generating Company
                                No paid employees.


(a)        Assumes present insured benefit plan and salary continue and retirement at age 65 with single life
           annuity.  Under plan provisions, the annual rate of benefits payable at the normal retirement age of
           65 are computed by adding (i) 1% of final average pay up to covered compensation times years of
           service up to 35 years, plus (ii) 1.5% of final average pay in excess of covered compensation times
           years of service up to 35 years, plus (iii) 1.3% of final average pay times years of service in
           excess of 35 years.  Covered compensation is the average of the maximum taxable Social Security wage
           bases during the 35 years preceding the member's retirement, except that years before 1959 are not
           taken into account for purposes of this average.  The final average pay benefit is based on the
           member's average total earnings during the highest-paid 60 consecutive calendar months or, if
           smaller, the member's highest rate of pay as of any July 1st.  Effective July 1, 1994 the maximum
           amount of any employee's compensation that may be used in these computations was decreased to
           $150,000.  Benefits for employees retiring between 55 and 62 differ from the foregoing. 

           Pursuant to a supplemental plan (Secured Benefit Plan), senior executives of Allegheny Power System
           companies who retire at age 60 or over with 40 or more years of service are entitled to a
           supplemental retirement benefit in an amount that, together with the benefits under the basic plan
           and from other employment, will equal 60% of the executive's highest average monthly earnings for any
           36 consecutive months.  The supplemental benefit is reduced for less than 40 years service and for
           retirement age from 60 to 55.  It is included in the amounts shown where applicable.  In order to
           provide funds to pay such benefits, effective January 1, 1993 the Company purchased insurance on the
           lives of the plan participants.  The Secured Benefit Plan has been designed that if the assumptions
           made as to mortality experience, policy dividends, and other factors are realized, the Company will
           recover all premium payments, plus a factor for the use of the Company's money.  The amount of the
           premiums for this insurance required to be deemed "compensation" by the Securities and Exchange
           Commission is described and included in the "All Other Compensation" column on pages 46-49.  All
           executive officers are participants in the Secured Benefit Plan.  This does not include benefits from
           an Employee Stock Ownership and Savings Plan (ESOSP) established as a non-contributory stock
           ownership plan for all eligible employees effective January 1, 1976, and amended in 1984 to include a
           savings program.  Under the ESOSP for 1994, all eligible employees may elect to have from 2% to 7% of
           their compensation contributed to the Plan as pre-tax contributions and an additional 1% to 6% as
           post-tax contributions.  Employees direct the investment of these contributions into one or more
           available funds.  Each System company matches 50% of the pre-tax contributions up to 6% of
           compensation with common stock of Allegheny Power System, Inc.  Effective January 1, 1994 the maximum
           amount of any employee's compensation that may be used in these computations was decreased to
           $150,000.  Employees' interests in the ESOSP vest immediately.  Their pre-tax contributions may be
           withdrawn only upon meeting certain financial hardship requirements or upon termination of
           employment.

(b)        APS has no paid employees.  These executives are employees of APSC.

(c)        See Executive Officers of the Registrants for other positions held.

(d)        Mrs. Gormley, Mr. Barlow and Mr. Burkley have elected to retire in 1995.  The actual pension amounts
           which they will receive are set forth in the table.

(e)        The total estimated annual benefits on retirement payable to Messrs. Bergman and Noia for services in
           all capacities to APS, APSC and the Subsidiaries is set forth in the table for APS.

(f)        Mr. Hayes and Mr. Murdock retired effective January 1, 1995.  The actual pension amounts which they
           are receiving are set forth in the table.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
                                               Employment Contracts


           In February 1995, APS entered into employment contracts with
certain of the APS System executive officers (Agreements).  Each
Agreement sets forth (i) the severance benefits that will be
provided to the employee in the event the employee is terminated
subsequent to a Change in Control of APS (as defined in the
Agreements), and (ii) the employee's obligation to continue his or her
employment after the occurrence of certain circumstances that could
lead to a Change in Control.  The Agreements provide generally that
unless employment is terminated by APS for Cause, Disability or
Retirement or by the employee for Good Reason (each as defined in
the Agreements), severance benefits will consist of a cash payment
equal to 2.99 times the employee's annualized compensation together
with APS maintaining existing benefits for the employee and the
employee's dependents for a period of three years.  Each Agreement
initially expires on December 31, 1997 but will be automatically
extended for one year periods thereafter unless either APS or the
employee gives notice otherwise.  Notwithstanding the delivery of
such notice, the Agreements will continue in effect for twenty-four
months after a Change in Control.
<PAGE>
                                             Compensation of Directors


           In 1994, APS directors who were not officers or employees of
System companies received for all services to System companies (a)
$16,000 in retainer fees, (b) $800 for each committee meeting
attended, except Executive Committee meetings which are $200, and
(c) $250 for each Board meeting of each company attended.  Under an
unfunded deferred compensation plan, a director may elect to defer 
receipt of all or part of his or her director's fees for succeeding
calendar years to be payable with accumulated interest when the
director ceases to be such, in equal annual installments, 
or, upon authorization by the Board of Directors, in a lump sum.

           Effective January 1, 1995, in addition to the fees mentioned
above, the Chairperson of each of the Audit, Finance, Management
Review, and New Business Committees will receive a further fee of
$4,000 per year, and the retainer fee paid outside directors will
be increased by 200 shares of APS common stock pursuant to the
Restricted Stock Plan for Outside Directors which was adopted,
subject to SEC approval, effective January 1, 1995.  Also adopted
effective January 1, 1995 was a Directors' Retirement Plan which
will provide an annual pension equal to the retainer fee paid to
the outside director at the time of his or her retirement, provided
the director has at least five (5) years of service and, except
under special circumstances described in the Plan, serves until age
65.
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
ITEM 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND
               MANAGEMENT

           The table below shows the number of shares of APS common stock that are beneficially owned, directly
or indirectly, by each director and named executive officer of APS, Monongahela, Potomac Edison, West Penn, and
AGC and by all directors and executive officers of each such company as a group as of January 13, 1995.  To the
best of the knowledge of APS, there is no person who is a beneficial owner of more than 5% of the voting
securities of APS.

                                         Executive                   Shares of
                                         Officer or                     APS                    Percent
Name                                     Director of                Common Stock               of Class      

<S>                                      <C>                            <C>                    <C>
Charles S. Ault                          WP                             4,562                  Less than .01%
Thomas A. Barlow                         MP                             7,205                        "
Eleanor Baum                             APS,MP,PE,WP                   2,000                        "     
William L. Bennett                       APS,MP,PE,WP                   2,453                        "
Klaus Bergman                            APS,MP,PE,WP,AGC              10,463                        "
Charles V. Burkley                       WP                             2,469                        "
Stanley I. Garnett, II                   APS,MP,PE,WP,AGC               4,390                        "
Nancy H. Gormley                         APS, MP                        5,604                        "
Benjamin H. Hayes                        MP                             5,697                        "
Thomas K. Henderson                      MP,PE,WP                       4,095                        "
Wendell F. Holland                       APS,MP,PE,WP                     140                        "
Kenneth M. Jones                         APS,AGC                        4,520                        "
Thomas J. Kloc                           PE,AGC                         3,210                        "
James D. Latimer                         PE                             5,324                        "
Phillip E. Lint                          APS,MP,PE,WP                     600                        "
Edward H. Malone                         APS,MP,PE,WP                   1,468                        "
Frank A. Metz, Jr.                       APS,MP,PE,WP                   1,936                        "
Robert B. Murdock                        PE                             6,530                        "
Richard E. Myers                         MP                             4,367                        "
Alan J. Noia                             APS,MP,PE,WP,AGC              11,202                        "
Jay S. Pifer                             MP,PE,WP                       7,856                        "
Steven H. Rice                           APS,MP,PE,WP                   2,148                        "
Gunnar E. Sarsten                        APS,MP,PE,WP                   5,000                        "
Peter L. Shea                            APS,MP,PE,WP                   1,400                        "
Peter J. Skrgic                          APS,MP,PE,WP,AGC               5,633                        "
Robert R. Winter                         MP,PE                          3,410                        "


All directors and executive officers
of APS as a group (18 persons)                                         68,522                  Less than .075% 

All directors and executive officers
of MP as a group (22 persons)                                          92,644

All directors and executive officers
of PE as a group (21 persons)                                          88,664

All directors and executive officers
of WP as a group (18 persons)                                          70,175

All directors and executive officers
of AGC as a group (8 persons)                                          44,994

                                    
    All of the shares of common stock of Monongahela (5,891,000), Potomac Edison (22,385,000), and West Penn
    (24,361,586) are owned by APS.  All of the common stock of AGC is owned by Monongahela (270 shares), Potomac
    Edison (280 shares), and West Penn (450 shares).
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
ITEM 13.   CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
     
     For APS and the Subsidiaries, none.

                                                         PART IV

ITEM 14.   EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND
               REPORTS ON FORM 8-K  


(a)(1)(2)  The financial statements and financial statement schedules
filed as part of this Report are set forth under ITEM 8. and reference
is made to the index on page 43.

(b)  No reports on Form 8-K were filed by System companies during the
quarter ended December 31, 1994.

(c)  Exhibits for APS, Monongahela, Potomac Edison, West Penn, and
AGC are listed in the Exhibit Index beginning on page E-1 and
are incorporated herein by reference.
<PAGE>

                                                       SIGNATURES

         Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized.
                                                  ALLEGHENY POWER SYSTEM, INC.


                                                  By:    KLAUS BERGMAN          
                                                        (Klaus Bergman
                                                        Chief Executive Officer)
Date:  February 2, 1995

         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on
behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
indicated.

                 Signature                        Title                   Date 


(i)       Principal Executive Officer:
                                            Chairman of the Board,      2/2/95
              KLAUS BERGMAN                 Chief Executive Officer
             (Klaus Bergman)                     and Director


(ii)      Principal Financial Officer:

              STANLEY I. GARNETT, II         Senior Vice President,     2/2/95
             (Stanley I. Garnett, II)               Finance


(iii) Principal Accounting Officer:

              KENNETH M. JONES                Vice President            2/2/95
             (Kenneth M. Jones)                 and Comptroller             

(iv)      A Majority of the Directors:

         *Eleanor Baum               *Frank A. Metz, Jr.
         *William L. Bennett         *Steven H. Rice
         *Klaus Bergman              *Alan J. Noia
         *Wendell F. Holland         *Gunnar E. Sarsten
         *Phillip E. Lint            *Peter L. Shea
         *Edward H. Malone

*By:           NANCY H. GORMLEY                                         2/2/95
              (Nancy H. Gormley)

<PAGE>

                                                       SIGNATURES

         Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized.  The signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed
to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any
subsidiaries thereof.
                                                  MONONGAHELA POWER COMPANY


                                                  By: JAY S. PIFER        
                                                     (Jay S. Pifer, President)

Date:  February 2, 1995                   

         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on
behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
indicated.  The signature of each of the undersigned shall be deemed
to relate only to matters having reference to the above-named company
and any subsidiaries thereof.

                  Signature                      Title                   Date 

(i)       Principal Executive Officer:
                                           Chairman of the Board,       2/2/95
                KLAUS BERGMAN                 Chief Executive      
               (Klaus Bergman)             Officer, and Director

(ii)      Principal Financial Officer:

                NANCY L. CAMPBELL               Treasurer               2/2/95 
               (Nancy L. Campbell)                                            

(iii) Principal Accounting Officer:

                RICHARD E. MYERS                Comptroller             2/2/95 
               (Richard E. Myers)

(iv)      A Majority of the Directors:

          *Eleanor Baum              *Frank A. Metz, Jr.
          *William L. Bennett        *Alan J. Noia
          *Klaus Bergman             *Jay S. Pifer
          *Stanley I. Garnett, II    *Steven H. Rice        
          *Wendell F. Holland        *Gunnar E. Sarsten
          *Phillip E. Lint           *Peter L. Shea
          *Edward H. Malone          *Peter J. Skrgic

*By:            NANCY H. GORMLEY                                        2/2/95
               (Nancy H. Gormley)
<PAGE>
                                                       SIGNATURES

         Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized.  The signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed
to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any
subsidiaries thereof.
                                                 THE POTOMAC EDISON COMPANY 


                                                 By:  JAY S. PIFER           
                                                     (Jay S. Pifer, President)  
Date:  February 2, 1995

         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on
behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
indicated.  The signature of each of the undersigned shall be deemed
to relate only to matters having reference to the above-named company
and any subsidiaries thereof.

                  Signature                    Title                      Date 

(i)       Principal Executive Officer:
                                           Chairman of the Board,       2/2/95
                KLAUS BERGMAN                 Chief Executive     
               (Klaus Bergman)              Officer, and Director


(ii)      Principal Financial Officer:

                DALE F. ZIMMERMAN             Secretary and             2/2/95
               (Dale F. Zimmerman)              Treasurer

(iii) Principal Accounting Officer:

                THOMAS J. KLOC                 Comptroller              2/2/95
               (Thomas J. Kloc)

(iv)      A Majority of the Directors:

          *Eleanor Baum              *Frank A. Metz, Jr.
          *William L. Bennett        *Alan J. Noia
          *Klaus Bergman             *Jay S. Pifer
          *Stanley I. Garnett, II    *Steven H. Rice      
          *Wendell F. Holland        *Gunnar E. Sarsten      
          *Phillip E. Lint           *Peter L. Shea
          *Edward H. Malone          *Peter J. Skrgic

*By:           NANCY H. GORMLEY                                         2/2/95
              (Nancy H. Gormley)
<PAGE>
                                                       SIGNATURES

         Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized.  The signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed
to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any
subsidiaries thereof.

                                                  WEST PENN POWER COMPANY


                                                  By: JAY S. PIFER            
                                                     (Jay S. Pifer, President)
Date:  February 2, 1995

         Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized.  The signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed
to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any
subsidiaries thereof.

                  Signature                     Title                    Date 

(i)       Principal Executive Officer:
                                            Chairman of the Board,      2/2/95
               KLAUS BERGMAN                   Chief Executive 
              (Klaus Bergman)               Officer, and Director

(ii)      Principal Financial Officer:

               KENNETH D. MOWL               Secretary and              2/2/95
              (Kenneth D. Mowl)                Treasurer

(iii) Principal Accounting Officer:

               CHARLES V. BURKLEY              Comptroller              2/2/95 
              (Charles V. Burkley)

(iv)      A Majority of the Directors:

          *Eleanor Baum              *Frank A. Metz, Jr.
          *William L. Bennett        *Alan J. Noia
          *Klaus Bergman             *Jay S. Pifer        
          *Stanley I. Garnett, II    *Steven H. Rice        
          *Wendell F. Holland        *Gunnar E. Sarsten     
          *Phillip E. Lint           *Peter L. Shea
          *Edward H. Malone          *Peter J. Skrgic
         
*By:           NANCY H. GORMLEY                                         2/2/95
              (Nancy H. Gormley)
<PAGE>
                                                       SIGNATURES

         Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized.  The signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed
to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any
subsidiaries thereof.

                                              ALLEGHENY GENERATING COMPANY

                                              By:   KLAUS BERGMAN            
                                                   (Klaus Bergman, President
                                                    and Chief Executive
                                                    Officer)
Date:  February 2, 1995                     

         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on
behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
indicated.  The signature of each of the undersigned shall be deemed
to relate only to matters having reference to the above-named company
and any subsidiaries thereof.

                  Signature                     Title                     Date 

(i)       Principal Executive Officer:

                 KLAUS BERGMAN                President,                2/2/95 
                (Klaus Bergman)               Chief Executive
                                              Officer, and Director 

(ii)      Principal Financial Officer:

               NANCY L. CAMPBELL              Treasurer and             2/2/95
              (Nancy L. Campbell)             Assistant Secretary

(iii) Principal Accounting Officer:

               THOMAS J. KLOC                 Comptroller               2/2/95
              (Thomas J. Kloc)

(iv)      A Majority of the Directors:

              *Klaus Bergman
              *Stanley I. Garnett, II
              *Kenneth M. Jones
              *Alan J. Noia
              *Peter J. Skrgic

*By:            NANCY H. GORMLEY                                        2/2/95
               (Nancy H. Gormley)
<PAGE>


                                           CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS 

              We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the
Prospectus constituting part of Allegheny Power System, Inc.'s
Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Nos. 33-36716 and 33-57027)
relating to the Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan of
Allegheny Power System, Inc.; in the Prospectus constituting part of
Allegheny Power System, Inc.'s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No.
33-49791) relating to the common stock shelf registration; in the
Prospectus constituting part of Monongahela Power Company's
Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 33-51301); in the Prospectus
constituting part of The Potomac Edison Company's Registration
Statement on Form  S-3 (No. 33-51305); and in the Prospectus
constituting part of West Penn Power Company's Registration Statement
on Form S-3 (Nos. 33-51303 and 33-56997); of our reports dated
February 2, 1995 included in ITEM 8 of this Form 10-K.  We also
consent to the references to us under the heading "Experts" in such
Prospectuses.


                                                   PRICE WATERHOUSE LLP
                                                   PRICE WATERHOUSE LLP


New York, New York
March 15, 1995
<PAGE>

                                                 POWER OF ATTORNEY


         KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS THAT the undersigned directors
of Allegheny Power System, Inc., a Maryland corporation,
Monongahela Power Company, an Ohio corporation, The Potomac Edison
Company, a Maryland and Virginia corporation, and West Penn Power
Company, a Pennsylvania corporation, do hereby constitute and
appoint NANCY H. GORMLEY and STANLEY I. GARNETT, II and each of
them a true and lawful attorney in his or her name, place and
stead, in any and all capacities, to sign his or her name to Annual
Reports on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994 under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and to any and all
amendments, of said Companies, and to cause the same to be filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said
attorneys and each of them full power and authority to do and
perform any act and thing necessary and proper to be done in the
premises, as fully and to all intents and purposes as the
undersigned could do if personally present, and the undersigned
hereby ratifies and confirms all that said attorneys or any one of
them shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.


Dated:  February 2, 1995


           ELEANOR BAUM                          FRANK A. METZ, JR.     
          (Eleanor Baum)                        (Frank A. Metz, Jr.)

           WILLIAM L. BENNETT                    ALAN J. NOIA           
          (William L. Bennett)                  (Alan J. Noia)

           KLAUS BERGMAN                         STEVEN H. RICE         
          (Klaus Bergman)                       (Steven H. Rice)

           WENDELL F. HOLLAND                    GUNNAR E. SARSTEN       
          (Wendell F. Holland)                  (Gunnar E. Sarsten)

           PHILLIP E. LINT                       PETER L. SHEA          
          (Phillip E. Lint)                     (Peter L. Shea)

           EDWARD H. MALONE    
          (Edward H. Malone)
<PAGE>
                                                     POWER OF ATTORNEY


         KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS THAT the undersigned directors of
Monongahela Power Company, an Ohio corporation, The Potomac Edison
Company, a Maryland and Virginia corporation, and West Penn Power
Company, a Pennsylvania corporation, do hereby constitute and appoint
NANCY H. GORMLEY and STANLEY I. GARNETT, II and each of them a true and
lawful attorney in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all
capacities, to sign his or her name to the Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 1994 under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, and to any and all amendments, of said Company,
and to cause the same to be filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, granting unto said attorneys and each of them full power
and authority to do and perform any act and thing necessary and proper
to be done in the premises, as fully and to all intents and purposes as
the undersigned could do if personally present, and the undersigned
hereby ratify and confirm all that said attorneys or any one of them
shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.


Dated:  February 2, 1995                        


                                                     JAY S. PIFER         
                                                    (Jay S. Pifer)

                                                     PETER J. SKRGIC     
                                                    (Peter J. Skrgic)
<PAGE>


                                                     POWER OF ATTORNEY


         KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS THAT the undersigned directors of
Allegheny Generating Company, a Virginia corporation, do hereby
constitute and appoint NANCY H. GORMLEY and STANLEY I. GARNETT, II and
each of them a true and lawful attorney in his or her name, place and
stead, in any and all capacities, to sign his or her name to the Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994 under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and to any and all
amendments, of said Company, and to cause the same to be filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys and
each of them full power and authority to do and perform any act and
thing necessary and proper to be done in the premises, as fully and to
all intents and purposes as the undersigned could do if personally
present, and the undersigned hereby ratify and confirm all that said
attorneys or any one of them shall lawfully do or cause to be done by
virtue hereof.


Dated:  February 2, 1995


                                                    KLAUS BERGMAN       
                                                   (Klaus Bergman)

                                                    KENNETH M. JONES    
                                                   (Kenneth M. Jones)

                                                    ALAN J. NOIA        
                                                   (Alan J. Noia) 

                                                    PETER J. SKRGIC     
                                                   (Peter J. Skrgic)
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            E-1

                                                       EXHIBIT INDEX
                                                       (Rule 601(a))

Allegheny Power System, Inc.
                                                                    Incorporation
              Documents                                             by Reference 


<S>           <C>                                               <C>
3.1           Charter of the Company,                           Form 10-Q of the Company 
              as amended                                          (1-267), September 1993,
                                                                  exh. (a)(3)
3.2           By-laws of the Company,                           Form 10-Q of the Company
              as amended                                          (1-267), June 1990, exh. (a)(3)

4             Subsidiaries' Indentures described below.

10.1          Directors' Deferred Compensation Plan

10.2          Executive Compensation Plan

10.3          Allegheny Power System Incentive Compensation Plan

10.4          Allegheny Power System Supplemental Executive
                Retirement Plan

10.5          Executive Life Insurance Program 
                and Collateral Assignment Agreement

10.6          Secured Benefit Plan 
                and Collateral Assignment Agreement

10.7          Restricted Stock Plan for Outside Directors

10.8          Retirement Plan for Outside Directors

10.9          Allegheny Power System Performance Share Plan

10.10         Form of Change In Control                         Form 8-K of the Company (1-267),
                Employment Contract                               dated February 15, 1995,
                                                                  exh. 10.1

11            Statement re computation of per share earnings:

                Clearly determinable from the financial statements
                contained in Item 8.

18            Letter re: Change in Accounting Principles
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                       E-1 (Cont'd)

                                                       EXHIBIT INDEX
                                                       (Rule 601(a))

Allegheny Power System, Inc.
                                                                    Incorporation
              Documents                                             by Reference 


<S>           <C>                                                   <C>
21            Subsidiaries of APS:

         Name of Company                                                     State of Organization

         Allegheny Generating Company (a)                                    Virginia
         Allegheny Power Service Corporation                                 Maryland
         Monongahela Power Company                                           Ohio
         The Potomac Edison Company                                          Maryland and Virginia
         West Penn Power Company                                             Pennsylvania
                                 
         (a)  Owned directly by Monongahela, Potomac Edison, and West Penn.

23            Consent of Independent Accountants                             See page 62 herein.

24            Powers of Attorney                                             See pages 63-65
                                                                              herein.
27            Financial Data Schedules
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
                                                            Exhibit 10.1

                                                  ALLEGHENY POWER SYSTEM

                                                 Revised Plan for Deferral
                                               of Compensation of Directors


              1.  Any director may elect in a writing delivered to the
Secretary of the Company on or before December 31st of any year to
defer receipt of all or a specified part of his retainer and attendance
fees for services as a director, including without limitation annual
retainers and board and committee attendance fees, for the succeeding
calendar year and for all succeeding calendar years.
              2.  An election to defer for a single succeeding calendar year
shall be irrevocable.  Any election effective for all succeeding years
shall remain in effect unless terminated by a communication in writing
from the director; such termination shall become effective with respect
to all amounts payable in the calendar year commencing after receipt of
such communication and shall not affect the treatment of amounts
deferred prior to the start of such calendar year.
              3.  Any person elected to fill a vacancy on the Board of
Directors and who was not a director on the preceding December 31st,
may make such written election before taking office in which event the
election will be effective from the start of his service as director.
              4.  In his written deferred election, the director may select
from the following alternatives for payment of the deferred amounts:
              (a)    Lump sum payment on January 2 of the year following
                     termination of service as director.
<PAGE>
              (b)    Payment in annual installments commencing on such January
                     2.  (Minimum 3 installments)

              (c)    Payment in annual installments equal in number to the
                     number of years of service.

Such payment method selection shall be irrevocable unless an
alternative selection is made in writing more than 24 months prior to
termination of service as a director.  If termination of service occurs
prior to the passage of 24 months after such action, the alternative
selection shall not take effect.
              Each annual installment payment shall be such portion of the
amount credited to his deferred account at the prior December 31 as
will be in accordance with his payout selection.  
              5.  The Company shall maintain a separate memorandum account of
the amounts deferred by each director and shall credit such account at
the end of each quarter with interest at a rate equivalent to the yield
on the Company's common stock for the 12 months ended on the last day
of that quarter.  
              6.  In the event of a director's death prior to his or her
receipt of all of the deferred amounts and interest thereon, such funds
shall be paid to a beneficiary designated by him or, if no such
designation shall have been made, to his estate in full on the first
day of the calendar year following the year in which the director dies. 
A beneficiary shall be designated in the written election to defer and
may be changed from time to time by filing written notice of such
change with the Secretary of the Company.
              7.  The Secretary of the Company shall provide to each director
a copy of this Revised Plan together with a form of agreement whereby a
director may elect to defer all or any part of his fees, in accordance
herewith.
<PAGE>
              8.  All deferral agreements in effect under the Plan prior to
adoption of this Revised Plan shall remain in effect, provided,
however, that, within 30 days after adoption of this Revised Plan, a
director whose termination of service will occur more than 36 months
after such adoption may select in writing for previously deferred
amounts and future compensation a payment option set forth above in
lieu of the option then in effect.
              9.  It is the intention of the parties that the above
arrangements be unfunded for tax purposes and for purposes of Title I
of ERISA to the extent that such Title shall be applicable hereto.  The
director shall have the status of a general creditor of the Company
with respect to the amount in his account.  The director's rights to
payments under the plan are not subject in any manner to anticipation,
alienation, sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance, attachment
or garnishment by creditors of the director or the director's benefi-
ciaries.
              10.  The provisions of this Revised Plan may be amended by the
Board of Directors at any time provided that no such amendment may be
made that would deprive a director of any rights with respect to
amounts accrued hereunder as of the date of such amendment without his
written consent.

March 2, 1995
<PAGE>

                     Election to Defer Receipt of Directors Fees
                      Under the Directors Elective Deferred Fees
                             Plan of Allegheny Power System


Pursuant to Section 4 of the captioned Plan, I hereby elect
to defer receipt of ________% of all retainer and attendance
fees payable to me on and after January 1, 19__.


I elect to have my deferred account, with accumulated
interest, paid as follows, commencing with the 2nd day of
January following the termination of my service as a member
of the Board of Directors of Allegheny:

         In a single lump sum, to be paid within 60 days after
         such January 2.

         In annual installment payments of equal amounts
         (adjusted for interest credits) over _______ years (at
         least 3) with such installment payments to be made on
         January 2 of each year.

         In annual installments of equal amounts (adjusted for
         interest credits) on January 2 of each year, such
         annual payments to be  equal in number to the number of
         years of service.

In the event of my death prior to receipt of all amounts I
have deferred under this Plan, including interest credits,
the balance of such deferred funds shall be paid in a lump
sum to the following designees who survive me or to my
estate in proportion to the percentage shares indicated,
and, if I have indicated no designees or if all indicated
designees predecease me, entirely to my estate.


Designee                  Address                 Percentage Share



Dated:                                                                 

                                                        Signature

<PAGE>
                                                            Exhibit 10.2

                                             CONFIDENTIAL

                                      EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN


OBJECTIVES

         To attract, hold, and motivate executive personnel. 
Prior approval of the chief executive officer is required
for inclusion in the Plan.


QUALIFICATIONS

         An employee becomes eligible for inclusion when

         1.   the employee has held a position with a salary 
              grade of 28 or above for at least one year, is 
              assuming the full responsibility of the position,
              is achieving satisfactory results and has a salary
              which exceeds the mid point between the minimum
              and standard amounts of salary grade 28, or

         2.   the employee has held the position of operating 
              division manager with a salary grade of 18 or
              above for at least one year, is assuming the full
              responsibility of the position, is achieving satis-
              factory results and has a salary which exceeds the
              mid point between the minimum and standard amounts
              of salary grade 28.


COMPENSATION

         1.   Life insurance

         2.   Dependent medical insurance

         3.   Dependent dental insurance
  
         4.   Annual physical examination during employment

         5.   Five weeks vacation, unless length of service
              would warrant more.*  Participants in the Plan
              are not entitled to pay for accrued vacation 
              (or to vacation in lieu of such pay) in excess
              of what they would receive if they were not par-
              ticipants.

*Language clarified.
<PAGE>
                                                   Exhibit 10.2 (cont'd)


       6.     Sick pay allowance of one year at full pay and
              one year at half pay, regardless of length of
              service.


PROCEDURE

         1.   The president of each of the operating companies,
              the Executive Director, Central Services and the
              APS, Inc. vice presidents shall submit to the chief
              executive officer the names of all eligible
              employees or reasons why an employee, otherwise
              eligible, should not be included, not less than 30
              days prior to the employee's eligibility date.

         2.   The Vice President, Employee and Consumer Relations
              maintains an official list of employees included in
              the Executive Compensation Plan for all companies.


January 1, 1987
<PAGE>
                                                           Exhibit 10.3

                                     ALLEGHENY POWER SYSTEM, INC.

                                      1993 ANNUAL INCENTIVE PLAN



I.       PURPOSE OF THE INCENTIVE PLAN

         To attract and retain first quality managers in a com-
         petitive job market and to reward superior performance.
         

II.      ELIGIBILITY

         The annual incentive plan is designed to reward
         participating executives for achieving key goals for
         the System and for the units for which they are
         responsible.

         A prerequisite for participation in the plan shall be
         an understanding of and commitment to

         -- The System Management Plan and Policies

         -- The System's expectation that employees will observe
         the highest ethical standards in their conduct of
         System business and stewardship of its property.

         Eligibility will be determined by the Management Review
         Committee upon the recommendation of the CEO from among
         executives whose responsibilities can affect System
         performance.
 
III.     AWARDS

         Awards will reflect the importance of the participants
         to the System and the units for which they are
         responsible.

         Awards will be paid for the achievement of specific
         measurable goals set for the System, including goals
         set the individual and the units for which he or she is
         responsible.

         The plan's goals will be:

         -- Determined and communicated annually

         -- A reasonable number for each participant
<PAGE>
         The types of goals which the Board will set with the
         help of the Management Review Committee include:

         -- Financial performance (return on equity, earnings,
         dividends)

         -- Customer satisfaction (cost, quality, and
         reliability of service)

         -- Cost and environmental consciousness (productivity,
         efficiency, availability and utilization of equipment)
         and conservation of resources

         -- Safety

         -- Development of personnel for management positions,
         including women and minorities

IV.      OVERALL LIMITATIONS ON AWARDS 

         The Board of Directors shall not authorize any
         incentivepayment if, in the Board's opinion, the
         System's financial performance is less than
         satisfactory from the perspective of its stockholders.

V.       PERFORMANCE MEASURES

         Each year measures to evaluate participants'
         performance will be determined.  They may vary among
         participants according to whether their principal
         responsibilities are to:  

         -- The System as a whole

         -- An Operating Company

         -- Bulk Power Supply or Central Services.

         Each category of performance measure will carry
         appropriate weightings as shown on 1993 Participant
         Performance Schedule. Examples of possible measures
         include:

         For System as a whole

         -- Quantity and quality of earnings:  return on equity,
         measured against previous year, authorized return on
         equity and as appropriate peer companies; financial
         ratings; capital structure, dividend payout ratios and
         total return   
         
         -- Productivity, cost control, efficient use of
         equipment, natural resources, and other environmental
         considerations

         -- Quality and reliability of customer service

         -- Safety
<PAGE>
         -- Attainment of reasonable rates and maintenance of
         competitive position

         For Operating Companies

         -- Balance for common stock:  return on equity 
          
         -- Safety                                

         -- Productivity and efficiency:  revenues from regular  
         customers, and administrative, operating, and
         maintenance expenditures

         - Per employee, customer, and kwh

         - Measured against previous year and peer companies

         -- Customer satisfaction (quality of service):  outage 
         rates, speedy restoration of service, customer
         complaints, employee courtesy, conservation and demand-
         side management programs

         -- Cost of service:  rate per kwh measured against past 
         period, economic indices, and peer companies

         -- Community relations and relations with state and
         local governments and their agencies

         -- Completion of construction projects on time and
         within budget

         -- Adequacy of management development programs

              
         For Bulk Power Supply and Central Services

         -- Adequacy of planning and accuracy of forecasts

         -- Completion of assignments and projects on time and
         within budget

         -- Availability, efficiency, and reliability of
         generating units and transmission systems

         -- Safety

         -- Cost consciousness (avoidance of excessive staffing
         and waste of work space and receptivity to cost saving
         techniques)                                   
 
         -- Minimizing adverse effects in the environment  

         -- User satisfaction

         -- Adherence to System Purchasing Policy and success in
         buying material, equipment, and supplies at the best
         possible price.
<PAGE>
         For Individual Performance

         -- Initiative                            

         -- Resourcefulness

         -- Responsiveness

         -- Identifiable results 
         
         -- Other

VI.      CALCULATION OF AWARDS 

         Target Incentive Awards and Total Estimated Cost

         -- No awards will be paid for any year unless the Board 
         of Directors finds that the System's financial
         performance is satisfactory from the perspective of its
         stockholders

         -- 100% of a target incentive award will be paid to a
         participant only if System, Responsibility Unit, and 
         Individual target performance measures are fully
         achieved

         Performance Schedules

         -- The Performance Schedule describes ratings and
         weightings for each performance measure at all levels
         of performance  

         -- As soon as practicable each year, Participant
         Performance Schedules for that year will be issued 
         
         Performance Ratings 

         -- Target performance represents the full and complete
         attainment of expectations in the performance area; it
         is rated 1.0

         -- Performance that is acceptable but does not fully
         meet expectations can earn a rating but, of course,
         less than  1.0

         -- Exceeding expectations can result in a performance
         rating as high as  1.25

         -- Unacceptable individual performance will result in
         no award regardless of System or Unit Performance.

         Weightings

         -- Weightings will be established each year for System,
         Unit and Individual performance measures.
<PAGE>
         Calculation of Award

         -- A participant's award, if any, will be determined by 
         multiplying the participant's assigned incentive  
         percentage times his/her rounded total performance      
         rating times his/her salary at the close of the year    
         prior to the year for which the award is to be made.

         The Management Review Committee or the Board of
         Directors,at its discretion, may supplement or decrease
         any partici-pant's calculated award to reflect
         extraordinary circumstances provided that it records
         its reason for doing so.

VII.     FORM AND TIMING OF PAYOUT                          

         Calculation of awards will be made as soon as
         practicable after the close of books for the year
         measured, but no award will be paid until it has been
         approved by the Management Review Committee or the
         Board of Directors, as appropriate.

         Payment will be in current cash unless the Management
         Review Committee or the Board at its discretion
         provides for deferral.

VIII.         TERMINATION AND TRANSFER PROVISIONS

              Termination Provisions

         -- Awards may at the discretion of the Management
         Review Committee or the Board be calculated on the
         basis of a full year's performance and prorated to the
         number of whole months actually served, except in the
         case of voluntary termination (other than retirement
         after the second quarter of the year) or termination by
         the company (with or without cause), in which case no
         award is made for year of termination.

         Designation of "Unit" in cases of transfer among
         Operating Companies, Central Services, Bulk Power
         Supply, and New York                               
         
         -- Weighting will be based on the number of months
         participant was in each unit.

IX.      PLAN ADMINISTRATION

         Administration of the plan is the responsibility of the
         Management Review Committee of the Board of Directors.

         --   The Committee is responsible for review and
         administration of all Systemwide goals and has final
         approval over these and other matters involving the
         plan, including eligibility.
<PAGE>
                                                            Exhibit 10.4














                                        ALLEGHENY POWER SYSTEM



                                SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN













                                       (Effective July 1, 1990)

<PAGE>

                                        ALLEGHENY POWER SYSTEM

                                SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN




1.           Purpose of the Plan:
             The purpose of the Plan, the "Allegheny Power System
             Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan" (hereinafter
             referred to as the "Plan") is to provide for the
             payment of supplemental retirement benefits to or in
             respect of senior executives of Allegheny Power
             System companies (hereinafter sometimes referred to
             as a "Company" or the "Companies") as part of an
             integrated executive compensation program which is
             intended to assist the Companies in attracting,
             motivating and retaining executives of superior
             ability, industry, and loyalty.

2.           Eligibility to Participate in the Plan:
             Each employee of a Company who was a participant in
             the Predecessor Plan or who on or after the
             Effective Date is assigned 1990 salary grade 28 or
             higher shall be a participant in the Plan.

3.           Definitions:
                 A.       Average Compensation -
                          shall mean 12 times the highest average
                          monthly earnings (including overtime and
                          other salary payments actually earned,
                          whether or not payment thereof is deferred)
                          for any 36 consecutive months.

                 B.       Committee -
                          shall mean the Finance Committee of the Board
                          of Directors of Allegheny Power System, Inc.
                 C.       Effective Date -
                          shall mean July 1, 1990.
                 D.       Participant -
                          shall mean an employee who meets the
                          eligibility requirements of Section 2. 
                          Retired Participant shall mean a Participant
                          who has retired from service after at least
                          10 years of service with one or more
                          Companies and on or after his/her 55th
                          birthday.
                 E.       Plan Year -
                          shall mean the 12-month period on which the
                          fiscal records of the Plan are kept, which is
                          now the period from July 1st to June 30th.
                 F.       Predecessor Plan -
                          shall mean the Allegheny Power System
                          Supplemental Executive Retirement Plans
                          effective July 1, 1982 and July 1, 1988.
<PAGE>
                 G.       Supplemental Retirement Benefit Reduction -
                          shall mean the retirement benefit payable to
                          the Participant under the Allegheny Power
                          System Retirement Plan excluding any
                          increases in this benefit which become
                          effective after the Participant has retired.
                 H.       Years of Service -
                          shall mean the Participant's Years of
                          Service, and fractional parts thereof, as
                          computed under the terms of the Allegheny
                          Power System Retirement Plan.

4.           Supplemental Retirement Benefits:
                 A.       Eligibility for Benefits -
                          A Participant shall be eligible for a benefit
                          from this Plan only (a) if he/she has at
                          least 10 Years of Service with one or more of
                          the Companies and (b) on or after his/her
                          55th birthday:  provided that, if a
                          Participant is discharged from employment for
                          cause or terminates employment with the
                          Companies prior to retirement under the
                          Allegheny Power System Retirement Plan for
                          any reason whatsoever, other than death, such
                          eligibility will terminate and no benefit
                          shall be payable to such Participant from
                          this Plan.  A Participant who dies in active
                          employment on or after his/her 55th birthday
                          shall be deemed to have retired one day
                          before his/her death.

                     B.  Amount of Benefits -
                          (1)     Subject to paragraph (2) of
                                  this Subsection, an eligible
                                  Participant will be entitled to
                                  receive a supplemental
                                  retirement benefit under this
                                  Plan equal to his/her Average
                                  Compensation multiplied by the
                                  sum of:

                                  (a)      2% times his/her
                                           number of Years of
                                           Service up to 25
                                           years,

                                  (b)      1% times his/her
                                           number of Years of
                                           Service from 25 to 30
                                           years, and
                                  (c)      1/2% times his/her
                                           number of Years of
                                           Service from 30 to 40
                                           years less (x) such
                                           Participant's
                                           Supplemental

<PAGE>
                                           Retirement Benefit
                                           Reduction and (y) 2%
                                           per year for each
                                           year that a
                                           Participant retires
                                           prior to his/her 60th
                                           birthday.

                                  (2)      The supplemental
                                           retirement benefits
                                           contemplated by
                                           paragraph (1) of this
                                           Subsection shall be
                                           payable only to the
                                           extent such benefits,
                                           together with (i) 
                                           all retirement
                                           benefits payable to
                                           the Participant by
                                           reason of employment
                                           with another employer
                                           (other than a benefit
                                           payable under the
                                           Federal Social
                                           Security Act)
                                           converted to the same
                                           form as the benefit
                                           paid under this Plan
                                           by using the
                                           actuarial equivalence
                                           factors of the
                                           Allegheny Power
                                           System Retirement
                                           Plan and (ii)  the
                                           retirement benefit
                                           payable to the
                                           Participant under the
                                           Allegheny Power
                                           System Retirement
                                           Plan excluding any
                                           increases in this
                                           benefit which become
                                           effective after the
                                           Participant has
                                           retired do not exceed
                                           sixty percent (60%)
                                           of his/her Average
                                           Compensation, less 2%
                                           per year for each
                                           year the Participant
                                           retires prior to
                                           his/her 60th
                                           birthday.
<PAGE>
                     C.  Form and Time of Payment -
                         A benefit payable under this Plan shall be paid in such
                          form as the Participant shall elect from those
                          available, and at the same time as the retirement
                         benefit payable to the Retired Participant, under the
                         Allegheny Power System Retirement Plan.  If the Benefit
                          payable under this Plan is paid other than as a life
                          annuity, the amount of the benefit when paid in such
                          other form shall be determined by using the actuarial
                          equivalence factors of the Allegheny Power System
                          Retirement Plan.

5.           Vesting:
             A Participant shall have no vested interest in the
             Plan until he/she becomes eligible to receive
             benefits under Section 4A.  In the event such
             eligible Participant is discharged from employment
             for cause or terminates employment, other than by
             death or retirement under the Allegheny Power System
             Retirement Plan, any such interest which may have
             vested shall be discontinued and forfeited.

6.           Funding:
             The Plan shall be unfunded.  Benefits of a
             Participant shall be paid from the general assets of
             the Company employing the Participant at the time of
             his/her retirement and a Participant shall have no
             interest in any such assets under the terms of this
             Plan until he/she becomes a Retired Participant.  An
             eligible Participant shall be an unsecured creditor
             of the Company as to the payment of any benefit
             under this plan.


7.           Administration and Governing Law:
             This Plan will be administered by and under the
             direction of the Committee.  The Committee shall
             adopt, and may from time to time modify or amend,
             such rules and guidelines consistent herewith as it
             may deem necessary or appropriate for carrying out
             the provisions and purposes of the Plan, which, upon
             their adoption and so long as in effect, shall be
             deemed a part hereof to the same extent as if set
             forth in the Plan (hereinafter referred to as the
             "Rules and Guidelines").  Any interpretation and
             construction by the Committee of any provision of,
             and the determination of any question arising under,
             the Plan or the Rules and Guidelines shall be final,
             conclusive, and binding upon the Participant,
             his/her surviving spouse and all other persons.  The
             provisions of the Plan shall be construed,
             administered, and enforced according to and governed
             by the laws of the United States and the State of
             New York.

8.           Entire Agreement:
             This Plan shall not be deemed to constitute a
             contract between any Company and any employee or
             other person in the employ of any Company, nor shall
<PAGE>
             anything herein contained be deemed to give any
             employee or other person in the employ of any
             Company any right to be retained in the employ of
             any Company or to interfere with the right of any
             Company to discharge any employee or such other
             person at any time and to treat an employee without
             regard to the effect which such treatment might have
             upon such employee as a Participant in the Plan.

9.           Non-Assignability:
             Neither a Participant, nor his beneficiary or any
             other person, shall have any right to commute, sell,
             assign, transfer, or otherwise convey the right to
             receive any payments hereunder; which payments and
             the right thereto are expressly declared to be
             nonassignable and nontransferable.  In the event of
             any attempted assignment or transfer, the Companies
             shall have no further liability hereunder.   Nor
             shall any payments be subject to attachment,
             garnishment, or execution, or be transferable by
             operation of law in the event of bankruptcy or
             insolvency, except to the extent otherwise provided
             by applicable law.

10.          Termination or Amendment:
             This Plan may be terminated as to any Company at any
             time and amended from time to time by the Board of
             Directors of that Company; provided that neither
             termination nor amendment of the Plan may reduce or
             terminate any benefit to or in respect of a
             Participant eligible to receive benefits under
             Section 4A.
<PAGE>

                                                            Exhibit 10.5

                                               AGREEMENT
                                   EXECUTIVE LIFE INSURANCE PROGRAM
                                       AND COLLATERAL ASSIGNMENT

THIS AGREEMENT is entered into this      day of           ,
19  , by and between Allegheny Power System, Inc.,
(hereinafter called "the Employer" in Part I or "Assignee"
in Part II), and                                             
     (hereinafter called "the Employee").

WHEREAS the Employee is currently a valued employee and
Executive of Employer; Whereas the Employer wishes to assist
the Employee with his (or her) personal life insurance
program and the Employee desires to accept such assistance;
and 

WHEREAS in consideration of the Assignee agreeing to pay all
of the
premiums, the Owner agrees to grant the Assignee a security
for the recovery of the Assignee's premium outlay. 

NOW, THEREFORE for value received, the Employer and the
Employee agree as follows:




                  PART I - Individual Life Insurance Agreement

             A.  Description of Policy - Policy Ownership
                 In furtherance of the purposes of the Agreement,
                 The Employee will purchase and own a certain
                 policy of life insurance on his own life, being
                 Policy No.                                issued
                 by Security Life of Denver Insurance Company. 
                 Said policy is hereinafter called "the Policy" and
                 said life insurance company is hereinafter called
                 "the Insurer".  The Employee's ownership of the
                 Policy shall be subject to all the terms and
                 conditions set forth in this Agreement.

             B.  Payment of Premiums
                 The Employer shall pay the entire annual premium
                 for the Policy directly to the Insurer.

             C.  Collateral Assignment and
                 Possession of Policy     
                 To secure repayment of premiums paid by the
                 Employer provided for in Section B, above, Part II
                 of this Agreement includes an assignment of the
                 policy or the Employee's interest therein
<PAGE>
                 (hereinafter called "Collateral Assignment") and
                 provides for the transfer of possession of the
                 Policy to the Employer during the term specified
                 in Part II of this Agreement.  Except as provided
                 in or as otherwise consistent with the provisions
                 of this Agreement, the Employer covenants that it
                 will not exercise its rights under the Collateral
                 Assignment provisions of this Agreement in such a
                 manner as to defeat the rights of the Employee or
                 the policy beneficiary under this Agreement. 
                 Specifically, the Employer covenants that it will
                 not surrender the Policy unless Part I of the
                 Agreement has terminated as provided in Section F
                 and there has been a default in Employee's
                 obligation under Section G of this Part I.  The
                 Employer shall have possession of the Policy
                 during the period that the Employer makes premium
                 payments and until all such payments are repaid. 
                 The Employer shall make the Policy available to
                 the Insurer in order to make any change desired by
                 the Employee as to the designation of beneficiary
                 or the selection of a settlement option, subject,
                 however, to the Collateral Assignment provisions
                 hereof.

             D.  Beneficiary Designation and
                 Payment of Policy Proceeds  
                 The Employee shall be entitled to a death benefit
                 from the Policy equal to one (1) times his base
                 salary, excluding bonuses, until his retirement. 
                 At retirement, his death benefit shall increase to
                 two (2) times salary for the next 12 months, then
                 shall decrease by 20% of final salary each year
                 until the earlier of the fifth anniversary of
                 retirement or age 70, at which time it will be one
                 (1) times salary.

                 The Employee shall have the right to name the
                 Policy beneficiary.  However, in the event of the
                 Employee's death, the Employer shall have an
                 interest in the Policy proceeds equal to the total
                 Policy proceeds in excess of the amount due to the
                 Employee pursuant to this Section above.

             E.  Procedure at Employee's Death
                 Upon the death of the Employee while the policy
                 and this Agreement are in force and subject to the
                 provisions of Parts I and II hereof, the Employer
                 shall promptly take all necessary steps, including
                 rendering of such assistance as may reasonably be
                 required by the Employee's beneficiary, to obtain
                 payment from the Insurer of the amounts payable
                 under the Policy to the respective parties, as
                 provided under Section D, above.
<PAGE>


             F.  Termination of Agreement
                 Part I of this Agreement shall terminate when the
                 first of any of the following events occur:
                 1.       Termination of the Employee's employment with
                          the Employer prior to retirement;
                 2.       The later of the Employee's actual retirement
                          or ten years from the date of issuance of the
                          Policy;
                 3.       Performance of the Agreement's terms
                          following the death of the Employee;
                 4.       Failure by the Employer, for any reason, to
                          make the premium contributions required under
                          Section B of this Agreement;

             G.  Disposition of Policy Upon Termination of
                 Agreement
                 Upon the termination of Part I of this Agreement
                 for any reason other than Section F3 above, the
                 Employee shall have a thirty (30) day option to
                 satisfy the Collateral Assignment regarding the
                 policy held by the Employer in accordance with the
                 terms of this Paragraph G.  The amount necessary
                 to satisfy such Collateral Assignment shall be an
                 amount equal to the total premium payments made,
                 from time to time, greater than the amount of cash
                 value under the Policy and, at the option of the
                 Employee, either shall be paid directly by the
                 Employee or through the Employer's collection from
                 the cash value under the policy.

                 If the Policy shall then be encumbered by
                 assignment, policy loan, or other means which have
                 been the result of the Employer's actions, the
                 Employer shall either remove such encumbrance, or
                 reduce the amount necessary to satisfy the
                 Collateral Assignment by the total amount of
                 indebtedness outstanding against the Policy.  If
                 the Employee exercises his option to satisfy the
                 Collateral Assignment, the Employer shall execute
                 all necessary documents required by the Insurer to
                 remove and satisfy the Collateral Assignment
                 outstanding on the Policy.  If the Employee does
                 not exercise his option to satisfy the Collateral
                 Assignment outstanding on the Policy, the Employee
                 shall execute all documents necessary to transfer
                 ownership of the Policy to the Employer.  Such
                 Transfer shall constitute satisfaction of any
                 obligation the Employee has to the Employer with
                 respect to this Agreement.  The Employer shall
                 then pay to the Employee the amount, if any, by
                 which the cash surrender value of the Policy
                 exceeds the amount necessary to satisfy the
                 Collateral Assignment.

             H.  Employee's Right to Assign His/Her Interest
                 The Employee shall have the right to transfer
                 his/her entire interest in the Policy (other than
                 rights assigned to the Employer pursuant to this
<PAGE>
                 Agreement and subject to the obligations of any
                 outstanding Collateral Assignment).  If the
                 Employee makes such a transfer, all his/her rights
                 shall be vested in the Transferee and the Employee
                 shall have no further interest in the Policy and
                 Agreement.  Any assignee shall be subject to all
                 obligations of the Employee under both Parts I and
                 II of this Agreement.

             I.  Insurer's Obligations
                 The Insurer is not party to this Agreement.  It is
                 understood by the parties hereto that in issuing
                 such Policy of insurance, the Insurer shall have
                 no liability except as set forth in the Policy and
                 except as set forth in any assignment of the
                 Policy filed at its Home Office and in Section J
                 of this Agreement.  Except as set forth in Section
                 J, the Insurer shall not be bound to inquire into,
                 or take notice of, any of the covenants herein
                 contained as to the Policy of insurance or as to
                 application of proceeds of such Policy.  Upon the
                 death of the Insured and payment of the proceeds
                 in accordance with Section J of this Agreement,
                 the insurer shall be discharged of all liability.

             J.  Claims Procedure
                 The following claims procedure shall apply to the
                 Policy and the Executive Life Insurance Program:

                 1.       Filing of a claim for benefits.  The Employee
                          or the beneficiary of the Policy shall make a
                          claim for the benefits provided under the
                          Policy in the manner provided in the Policy.
                 2.       Claim denial.  With respect to a claim for
                          benefits under said Policy, the Insurer shall
                          be the entity which reviews and makes
                          decisions on claim denials according to the
                          terms of the Policy.
                 3.       Notification to claimant of decision.  If a
                          claim is wholly or partially denied, notice
                          of the decision, meeting the requirements of
                          Section J4, following shall be furnished to
                          the claimant within a reasonable period of
                          time after a claim has been filed.
                 4.       Content of notice.  The Insurer shall
                          provide, to any claimant who is denied a
                          claim for benefits, written notice setting
                          forth in a manner calculated to be understood
                          by the claimant, the following:
                          a.  The specific reason or reasons for the
                              denial;
                          b.  Specific reference to pertinent Policy
                              provisions or provisions of this
                              Agreement on which the denial is based;
                          c.  A description of any additional material
                              or information necessary for the
                              claimant to perfect the claim and an
                              explanation of which such material or
<PAGE>
                              information is necessary; and
                          d.  An explanation of this Agreement's claim
                              review procedure, as set forth in
                              Sections J5 and J6.

                 5.       Review procedure.  The purpose of the review
                          procedure set forth in this subsection and
                          subsection 6, following, is to provide a
                          method by which a claimant under the Policy
                          may have a reasonable opportunity to appeal a
                          denial of claim for a full and fair review. 
                          To accomplish that purpose, the claimant or
                          his/her duly authorized representative:
                          a.      May request a review upon written
                                  application to the Insurer;
                          b.      May review the Policy; and
                          c.      May submit issues and comments in
                                  writing.

                          A claimant, (or his/her duly authorized
                          representative), shall request a review by
                          filing a written application of review at any
                          time within sixty (60) days after receipt by
                          the claimant of written notice of the denial
                          of the claim.

                 6.       Decision on review.  A decision on review of
                          a denial of a claim shall be made in the
                          following matter;
                          a.  The decision on review shall be made by
                              the Insurer which may, at its
                              discretion, hold a hearing on the denied
                              claim.  The Insurer shall make its
                              decision promptly, unless special
                              circumstances (such as the need to hold
                              a hearing) require an extension of time
                              for processing, in which case a decision
                              shall be rendered as soon as possible,
                              but not later than on hundred twenty
                              (120) days after receipt of the request
                              for review.
                          b.  The decision on review shall be in
                              writing and shall include specific
                              reasons for the decision, written in a
                              manner calculated to be understood by
                              the claimant, and specific references to
                              the pertinent Policy provision or
                              provision of this Agreement on which the
                              decision is based.

                 Notwithstanding any provision of the Agreement or
                 the Policy, no Employee, assignee or beneficiary
                 may commence any action in any court regarding the
                 Policy prior to pursuing all rights of an Employee
                 under this Section J.
<PAGE>
PART II - Assignment of Life Insurance Policy as Collateral

A.           For value received and in specific consideration of
             the premium payments made by the Employer as set
             forth in Section B of Part I hereof, the Employee
             hereby assigns, transfers and sets over to the
             Employer (herein in this Part II called the
             "Assignee"), its successors and assigns, the Policy
             issued by the Insurer upon the life of Employee and
             all claims, options, privileges, rights, titles and
             interest therein and thereunder (except as provided
             in Paragraph C hereof), subject to all terms and
             conditions of the Policy and to all superior liens,
             if any, which the Insurer may have against the
             Policy.  The Employee by this instrument agrees and
             the Assignee by the acceptance of this assignment
             agrees to the conditions and provisions herein set
             forth.

B.           It is expressly agreed that, without detracting from
             the generality of the foregoing, the following
             specific rights are included in this Agreement and
             Collateral Assignment and inure to the Assignee by
             virtue hereof:
                 1.       The sole right to collect from the Insurer
                          the net proceeds of the Policy in excess of
                          the proceeds due the Employee under Part I,
                          Section D when it becomes a claim by death or
                          maturity;
                 2.       The sole right to surrender the Policy and
                          receive the surrender value thereof at any
                          time provided by the terms of the Policy and
                          at such other times as the Insurer may allow;
                 3.       The sole right to obtain one or more loans or
                          advances on the policy, either from the
                          Insurer or, at any time, from other persons,
                          and to pledge or assign the Policy as
                          security for such loans or advances;
                 4.       The sole right to collect and receive all
                          distributions or share of surplus, dividend
                          deposits or additions to he Policy now or
                          hereafter made or apportioned thereto, and to
                          exercise any and all options contained in the
                          Policy with respect thereto; provided, that
                          unless and until the Assignee shall notify
                          the Insurer in writing to the contrary, the
                          distributions or share of surplus, dividend
                          deposits and additions shall continue on the
                          Policy in force at the time of this
                          assignment; and
                 5.       The sole right to exercise all nonforfeiture
                          rights permitted by the terms of the Policy
                          or allowed by the Insurer and to receive all
                          benefits and advantages derived therefrom.

C.           It is expressly agreed that the following specific
             rights, so long as the Policy has not been
             surrendered, are reserved and excluded from this
             Agreement and Collateral Assignment and do not pass
             by virtue hereof:
<PAGE>
                 1.       The right to designate and change the
                          beneficiary;
                 2.       The right to elect any optional mode of
                          settlement permitted by the Policy or allowed
                          by the Insurer;

                 provided, however, that the reservation of these
                 rights shall in no way impair the right of the
                 Assignee to surrender the Policy completely with
                 all its incidents or impair any other right of the
                 Assignee hereunder, and any designation or change
                 of beneficiary or election of a mode of settlement
                 shall be made subject to this Agreement and
                 Collateral Assignment and to the rights of the
                 Assignee hereunder.

D.           This Collateral Assignment is made and the Policy is
             to be held as collateral security for any and all
             liabilities of the Employee to the Assignee arising
             under this Agreement (all of which liabilities
             secured to or to become secured are herein called
             "Liabilities").  It is expressly agreed that all
             sums received by the Assignee hereunder either in
             event of death of the Insured, the maturity or
             surrender of the Policy, the obtaining of a loan or
             advance on the Policy, or otherwise, shall first be
             applied to the payment of the liability for premiums
             paid by the Assignee on the Policy.

E.           The Assignee covenants and agrees with the Employee
             as follows:
                 1.       That any balance of sums, if any, received
                          hereunder from the Insurer remaining after
                          payment of the existing Liabilities, matured
                          or unmatured, shall be paid by the Assignee
                          to the persons entitled thereto under the
                          terms of the policy had this Collateral
                          Assignment not been executed:
                 2.       That the Assignee will not exercise either
                          the right to surrender the Policy or the
                          right to obtain policy loans from the
                          Insurer, until there has been either default
                          in any of the Liabilities pursuant to this
                          Agreement or termination of Part I of said
                          Agreement as therein provided; and

                 3.       That the Assignee will, upon request, forward
                          without reasonable delay to the Insurer the
                          Policy for endorsement of any designation or
                          change of beneficiary or any election of an
                          optional mode of settlement.

F.           The Employee declares that no proceedings in
             bankruptcy are pending against him/her and that
             his/her property is not subject to any assignment
             for the benefit of creditors.
<PAGE>
PART III - Provisions Applicable to Parts I an II
A.           Amendments
                 Amendments may be added to this Agreement by a
                 written agreement signed by each of the parties
                 and attached hereto.


B.           Choice of Law
                 This agreement shall be subject to, and construed
                 according to, the laws of the State of             
                              .
C.           A Binding Agreement
                 This Agreement shall bind the Employer and the
                 Employer's successors and assigns, the Employee
                 and his/her heirs, executors, administrators, and
                 assigns, and any Policy beneficiary.
D.           Provision
                 The Employer and the Employee agree that if any
                 provision of this Agreement is determined to be
                 invalid or unenforceable, in whole or part, then
                 all remaining provisions of this Agreement and, to
                 the extent valid or enforceable, the provision in
                 question shall remain valid, binding and fully
                 enforceable as if the invalid or unenforceable
                 provisions, to the extent necessary, was not a
                 part of this Agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, parties hereto have executed this
Agreement, including the provisions regarding Collateral
Assignment, on the day and year first above written.


                                                                      
     Witness                                          Employee

                                                      Address
                                                                       
                                                   Employer (Title)
<PAGE>

                                                         Exhibit 10.6

                                           AGREEMENT
                                     SECURED BENEFIT PLAN
                                   AND COLLATERAL ASSIGNMENT

THIS AGREEMENT is entered into this _____ day of __________, 1992 by
and between Allegheny Power Service Corporation (hereinafter called the
"Employer" in Part I or "Assignee" in Part II), and
___________________________ (hereinafter called the "Employee").

WHEREAS the Employee is currently a valued employee and Executive of
Employer;
WHEREAS the Employer wishes to assist the Employee with his (or her)
personal future financial program and the Employee desires to accept
such
assistance; and

WHEREAS in consideration of the Employer agreeing to pay all of the
premiums, the Employee agrees to grant the Employer security for the
recovery
of the Employer's premium outlay and the excess, if any, over the
amounts due
the Employee under Part I of this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, for value received, the Employer and the Employee
agree as follows:


                         Part I - Individual Life Insurance Agreement

A.       Description of Policy - Policy Ownership

         In furtherance of the purposes of the Agreement, the Employee will
         purchase and own a certain policy of life insurance on his own
         life, being Policy No. _____, issued by Pacific Mutual Life
         Insurance Co. Said policy is hereinafter called the "Policy" and
         said life insurance company is hereinafter called the "Insurer". 
         The Employee's ownership of the Policy shall be subject to all the
         terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

B.       Payment of Premiums
         The Employer shall pay the entire annual premium for the Policy
         directly to the Insurer.

C.       Collateral Assignment and Possession of Policy
         To secure repayment of premiums paid by and amounts due to the
         Employer provided for in Section B, above, and Sections D and E,
         below, Part II of this Agreement includes an assignment of the
         policy or the Employee's interest therein (hereinafter called
         "Collateral Assignment") and provides for the transfer of
         possession of the policy, and the right to receive from the
         carrier and possess billings and policy statements, to the
<PAGE>
         Employer during the term specified in Part II of this Agreement. 
         Except as provided in or as otherwise consistent with the
         provisions of this Agreement, the Employer covenants that it will
         not exercise its rights under the Collateral Assignment provisions
         of this Agreement in such a manner as to defeat the rights of the
         Employee or the policy beneficiary under this Agreement. 
         Specifically, the Employer covenants that it will not surrender
         the Policy unless Part I of the Agreement has terminated as
         provided in Section G and there has been a default in Employee's
         obligation under Section H of this Part I.  The Employer shall
         have possession of the Policy during the period that the Employer
         makes premium payments and until all amounts due the Employer are
         repaid.  The Employer shall make the Policy available to the
         Insurer in order to make any change desired by the Employee as to
         the designation of beneficiary or the selection of a settlement
         option, subject, however, to the provisions of this Agreement and
         the Collateral Assignment.

D.       Beneficiary Designation and Payment of Policy Proceeds
         The Employee shall be entitled to a death benefit from the Policy
         in the amount required to provide an annuity equal to (under then
         current annuity settlement rates from the Insurer) the
         supplemental retirement benefit that would be provided under
         Sections 4A and 4B of the Allegheny Power System Supplemental
         Executive Retirement Plan effective July 1, 1990, attached hereto
         as Appendix I, excluding the provision in Section 4A that states,
         "...provided that, if a Participant is discharged from employment
         for cause or terminates employment with the Companies prior to
         retirement under the Allegheny Power System Retirement Plan for
         any reason whatsoever, other than death, such eligibility will
         terminate and no benefit shall be payable to such Participant from
         this Plan."

         The Employer shall be the sole beneficiary of the policy until
         such time as the Employee has at least 10 years of service and is
         at least 55 years old.  After that time and while this Agreement
         is in force, the following shall occur:

              1.     the beneficiary of the Employee's death benefit shall be
                     the employee's spouse;

              2.     in the event of the Employee's death, the Employer shall be
                     entitled to Policy proceeds equal to the total Policy
                     proceeds in excess of the amount due to the Employee
                     pursuant to this Section, above; and

              3.     if the employee is not married, he/she is entitled to no
                     death benefit while this agreement is in force.

E.       Policy Cash Values
         The Employee shall be entitled to cash values of the Policy in
         excess of the premiums paid by the Employer pursuant to Section B,
         Above, but not to exceed the death benefits to which he/she is
         entitled under Section D, above.  If the Employee is not married,
         he/she shall be entitled to cash values determined as if he/she
         were married.

         The Employer shall be entitled to Policy cash values in excess of
         the amount due to the Employee under this Section, above.
<PAGE>
F.       Procedure at Employee's Death
         Upon the death of the Employee while the Policy and this Agreement
         are in force and subject to the provisions of Parts I and II
         hereof, the Employer shall promptly take all necessary steps,
         including rendering of such assistance as may reasonably be
         required, to obtain payment from the Insurer of the amounts
         payable under the Policy to the respective parties, as provided
         under Section D, above.

G.       Termination of Agreement
         Part I of this Agreement shall terminate when the first of any of
         the following events occur:
              1.     Termination of the Employee's employment with the Employer
                     prior to retirement;
              2.     The later of the Employee's actual retirement or ten years
                     from the date of issuance of the policy;
              3.     Performance of the Agreement's terms following the death of
                     the Employee;
              4.     Failure by the Employer, for any reason, to make the
                     premium contributions required under Section B of this
                     Agreement.

H.       Disposition of Policy Upon Termination of Agreement
         Upon the termination of Part I of this Agreement for any reason
         other than Section G3 above, the Employee shall have a thirty (30)
         day option to satisfy the Collateral Assignment regarding the
         policy held by the Employer in accordance with the terms of this
         Paragraph H.  The amount necessary to satisfy such Collateral
         Assignment shall be an amount equal to the total premium payments
         made by the Employer, plus any excess amounts as determined in
         Section E, above, but no greater than the amount of cash value
         under the Policy and, at the option of the Employee, either shall
         be paid directly by the Employee or through the Employer's
         collection from the cash value of the Policy.

         If the Policy shall then be encumbered by assignment, policy loan,
         or other means which have been the result of the Employer's
         actions, the Employer shall either remove such encumbrance, or
         reduce the amount necessary to satisfy the Collateral Assignment
         by the total amount of indebtedness outstanding against the
         Policy.  If the Employee exercises his option to satisfy the
         Collateral Assignment, the Employer shall execute all necessary
         documents required by the Insurer to remove and satisfy the
         Collateral Assignment outstanding on the Policy.  If the Employee
         does not exercise his option to satisfy the Collateral Assignment
         outstanding on the Policy, the Employee shall execute all
         documents necessary to transfer ownership of the Policy to the
         Employer.  Such transfer shall constitute satisfaction of any
         obligation the Employee has to the Employer with respect to this
         Agreement.  The Employer shall then pay to the Employee the
         amount, if any, by which the cash surrender value of the Policy
         exceeds the amount necessary to satisfy the Collateral Assignment.

<PAGE>
I.       Employee's Right to Assign His/Her Interest
         Employee agrees not to sell, assign, surrender or otherwise
         terminate  the policy while this Agreement is in effect without
         the consent of the Employer.

J.       Insurer's Obligations
         The Insurer is not a party to this Agreement.  It is understood by
         the parties hereto that in issuing such Policy of insurance, the
         Insurer shall have no liability except as set forth in the Policy
         and except asset forth in any assignment of the Policy filed at it
         Home Office and in Section K of this Agreement.  Except as set
         forth in Section K, the Insurer shall not be bound to inquire
         into, or take notice of, any of the covenants herein contained as
         to the Policy of insurance or as to application of proceeds of
         such policy.  Upon the death of the Insured and payment of the
         proceeds in accordance with Section K of this Agreement, the
         Insurer shall be discharged of all liability.

K.       Claims Procedure
         The following claims procedure shall apply to the Policy and the
         Secured Benefit Plan:

              1.     Filing of a claim for benefits.  The Employee or the
                     Beneficiary shall make a claim for the benefits provided
                     under the policy in the manner provided in the Policy.

              2.     Claim denial.  With respect to a claim for benefits under
                     said Policy, the Insurer shall be the entity which reviews
                     and makes decisions on claim denials according to the terms
                     of the Policy.

              3.     Notification to claimant of decision.  If a claim is wholly
                     or partially denied, notice of the decision, meeting the
                     requirements of Section K4, following, shall be furnished
                     to the claimant within a reasonable period of time after a
                     claim has been filed.

              4.     Content of notice.  The insurer shall provide, to any
                     claimant who is denied a claim for benefits, written notice
                     setting forth in a manner calculated to be understood by
                     the claimant, the following:

                     a.      The specific reason or reasons for the denial;
                     b.      Specific reference to pertinent Policy provisions
                             or provisions of this Agreement on which the denial
                             is based;
                     c.      A description of any additional material or
                             information necessary for the claimant to perfect
                             the claim and an explanation of why such material
                             or information is necessary; and
                     d.      An explanation of this Agreement's claim review
                             procedure, as set forth in Sections K5 and K6.
<PAGE>
              5.     Review procedure.  The purpose of the review procedure set
                     forth in this subsection and subsection 6, following, is to
                     provide a method by which a claimant under the Policy may
                     have a reasonable opportunity to appeal a denial of claim
                     for a full and fair review.  To accomplish that purpose,
                     the claimant or his/her duly authorized representative:
                        a.      May request a review upon written application to
                                the Insurer;
                          b.      May review the Policy; and
                          c.      May submit issues and comments in writing.

                     A claimant, (or his/her duly authorized representative),
                     shall request a review by filing a written application of
                     review at any time within sixty (60) days after receipt by
                     the claimant of written notice of the denial of the claim.

              6.     Decision on review.  A decision on review of a denial of a
                     claim shall be made in the following matter:
                     a.      The decision on review shall be made by the Insurer
                             which may, at its discretion, hold a hearing on the
                             denied claim.  The Insurer shall make its decision
                             promptly, unless special circumstances (such as the
                             need to hold a hearing) require an extension of
                             time for processing, in which case a decision shall
                             be rendered as soon as possible, but not later than
                             one hundred twenty (120) days after receipt of the
                             request for review.
                     b.      The decision on review shall be in writing and
                             shall include specific reasons for the decision,
                             written in a manner calculated to be understood by
                             the claimant, and specific references to the
                             pertinent Policy provision or provision of this
                             Agreement on which the decision is based.

                             Notwithstanding any provision of the Agreement or
                             the Policy, no Employee, assignee or beneficiary
                             may commence any action in any court regarding the
                             Policy prior to pursuing all rights of an Employee
                             under this Section K.
<PAGE>
                                         END OF PART I

Part II - Assignment of Life Insurance Policy as Collateral

         A.   For value received and in specific consideration of the premium
              payments made by the Employer as set forth in Section B of Part
              I hereof, the Employee hereby assigns, transfers and sets over
              to the Employer (herein this Part II called the "Assignee"),
              its successors and assigns, the Policy issued by the Insurer
              upon the life of Employee and all claims, options, privileges,
              rights, titles and interest therein and thereunder (except as
              provided in Paragraph C hereof), subject to all terms and
              conditions of the Policy and to all superior liens, if any,
              which the Insurer may have against the Policy.  The Employee by
              this instrument agrees and the Assignee by the acceptance of
              this Assignment agrees to the conditions and provisions herein
              set forth.

         B.   It is expressly agreed that, without detracting from the
              generality of the foregoing, the following specific rights are
              included in this Agreement and Collateral Assignment and inure
              to the Assignee by virtue hereof:

              1.     The sole right to collect from the Insurer the net proceeds
                     of the Policy in excess of the proceeds due the Employee
                     under Part I, Section D, when it becomes a claim by death
                     or maturity;

              2.     The sole right to surrender the Policy and receive the
                     surrender value thereof at any time provided by the terms
                     of the Policy and at such other times as the Insurer may
                     allow;

              3.     The sole right to obtain one or more loans or advances on
                     the policy, either from the Insurer or, at any time, from
                     other persons, and to pledge or assign the Policy as
                     security for such loans or advances;

              4.     The sole right to exercise all nonforfeiture rights
                     permitted by the terms of the Policy or allowed by the
                     Insurer and to receive all benefits and advantages derived
                     therefrom;

              5.     The sole right to direct investment of cash values as
                     provided under the insurance contract, and to make changes
                     and transfers in such fund allocations.

         C.   It is expressly agreed that the following specific rights, so
              long as the Policy has not been surrendered, are reserved and
              excluded from this Collateral Assignment and do not pass by
              virtue hereof:

              1.     The right to designate and change the beneficiary;

              2.     The right to elect any optional mode of settlement
                     permitted by the Policy or allowed by the Insurer;
                     provided, however, that the reservation of these rights
                     shall in no way impair the right of the Assignee to
                     surrender the Policy completely with all its incidents or
                     impair any other right of the      Assignee hereunder, and
                     any designation or change of beneficiary or election of a
                     mode of settlement shall be made subject to this Agreement
                     and Collateral Assignment and to the rights of the Assignee
                     hereunder.

         D.   This Collateral Assignment is made, and the Policy is to be
              held as collateral security for, any and all liabilities of the
              Employee to the Assignee arising under this Agreement (all of
              which liabilities secured or to become secured are herein
              called "Liabilities").  It is expressly agreed that all sums
              received by the Assignee hereunder either in the event of death
              of the Insured, the maturity or surrender of the Policy, the
              obtaining of a loan or advance on the Policy, or otherwise,
              shall first be applied to the payment of the liability for
              premiums paid by the Assignee on the Policy and other amounts
              due to Assignee under Part I of this Agreement.
<PAGE>
         E.   The Assignee covenants and agrees with the Employee as follows:

              1.     That any balance of sums, if any, received hereunder from
                     the Insurer remaining after payment of the existing
                     Liabilities, matured or unmatured, shall be paid by the
                     Assignee to the persons entitled thereto under the terms of
                     the policy had this Collateral Assignment not be executed;

              2.     That the Assignee will not exercise either the right to
                     surrender the Policy or the right to obtain policy loans
                     from the Insurer, until there has been either default in
                     any of the Liabilities pursuant to this Agreement or
                     termination of part I of said Agreement as therein
                     provided; and

              3.     That the Assignee will, upon request, forward without
                     unreasonable delay to the Insurer the Policy for
                     endorsement of any designation or change of beneficiary or
                     any election of an optional mode of settlement.

         F.   The Employee declares that no proceedings in bankruptcy are
              pending against, him/her and that his/her property is not
              subject to any assignment for the benefit of creditors.

                      Part III - Provisions Applicable to Parts I and
II

         A.   Amendments
              Amendments may be added to this Agreement by a written
              agreement signed by each of the parties and attached hereto.

         B.   Choice of Law
              This Agreement shall be subject to, and construed according to,
              the laws of the State of Maryland.

         C.   Binding Agreement
              This Agreement shall bind the Employer and the Employer's
              successors and assigns, the Employee and his/her heirs,
              executors, administrators, and assigns, and any Policy
              beneficiary.

         D.   Validity of Provisions
              The Employer and the Employee agree that if any provision of
              this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, in
              whole or part, then all remaining provisions of the Agreement
              and, to the extent valid or enforceable, the provision in
              question shall remain valid, binding and fully enforceable as
              if the invalid or unenforceable provisions, to the extent
              necessary, was not a part of this Agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, parties hereto have executed this Agreement,
including the provisions regarding Collateral Assignment, on the day
and year
first above written.
________________________                     _________________________
Witness                                      Employee
                                             ____________________________
                                             _____________________________
                                             Address
                                             Allegheny Power Service Corporation
                                             By:  ____________________________
                                             Richard J. Gagliardi
                                             Vice President
<PAGE>
                                                                Exhibit 10.7

                                     ALLEGHENY POWER SYSTEM, INC.

                              RESTRICTED STOCK PLAN FOR OUTSIDE DIRECTORS


1.       Purpose.  The purpose of this Restricted Stock Plan for
Outside Directors (the "Plan") is to enable Allegheny Power
System, Inc. ("APS") and its controlled subsidiaries
("Subsidiaries") to attract and retain persons of outstanding
competence to serve on the Boards of Directors of APS and its
Subsidiaries by paying such persons a portion of their
retainer fee in APS Common Stock pursuant to the terms hereof.

2.       Definitions.

              (a) The term "Change in Control" shall be deemed to
         mean, and to occur at, the time when either (i) any
         entity, person or group (other than APS, any subsidiary,
         or any savings, pension or other benefit plan for the
         benefit of employees of APS or its subsidiaries) which
         theretofore owned less than 20% of the APS Common Stock
         then outstanding acquires shares of Common Stock in a
         transaction or series of transactions that results in
         such entity, person or group directly or indirectly
         owning beneficially 20% or more of the outstanding Common
         Stock or (ii) the election or appointment, within a
         twelve-month period, of persons to the APS Board of
         Directors who were not directors of APS at the beginning
         of such twelve-month period, whose election or
         appointment was not voted or approved in advance by a
         majority of those persons who were directors at the
         beginning of such period, and which newly elected or
         appointed directors shall constitute a majority of the
         APS Board of Directors.

              (b)  The term "Outside Director" or "Participant"
         means a member of the Boards of Directors of APS and its
         Subsidiaries who is not, at any time during his service
         as a director, an employee (within the meaning of Section
         3(6) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
         1974) of APS or any of its Subsidiaries.  

              (c)    The term "Subsidiary" means any corporation 50%
         or more of the outstanding Common Stock of which is
         owned, directly or indirectly, by APS.

              (d)    The term "Service" shall mean service as an
         Outside Director.

3.       Eligibility.  All who serve as Outside Directors of APS
and any of its Subsidiaries after calendar year 1994 shall be
eligible to receive stock awards hereunder.
<PAGE>
4.       Stock Awards.

              (a)  A total of 25,000 shares of APS Common Stock
         shall be available for awards under the Plan.  Such
         shares shall be shares of APS Common Stock previously
         unissued or previously issued and reacquired by APS.  Any
         restricted shares awarded under this Plan with respect to
         which the restrictions do not lapse and which are
         forfeited as provided herein shall be transferred into
         the record name of APS and again be available for other
         awards under the Plan.

              (b)  Unless he or she chooses otherwise pursuant to
         Section 4(e), each Outside Director shall receive an
         annual award of 200 shares of APS Common Stock with
         respect to each calendar year or portion thereof during
         which he or she serves as an Outside Director beginning
         with the calendar year 1995.  Awards shall be made in
         January of each year or as soon thereafter as all
         necessary regulatory approvals have been received. 
         However, for the calendar year in which an Outside
         Director commences Service, the award of shares to such
         Outside Director for such year shall be made in the month
         in which his or her Service commences, if his or her
         Service commences after January 31 of such year.  All
         awards of shares made hereunder shall be subject to the
         restrictions set forth in Section 5.

              (c)  Subject to the provisions of Section 5, certifi-
         cates representing shares of APS Common Stock awarded
         hereunder shall be registered in the name of the
         respective Participants.  During the period of time such
         shares are subject to the restrictions set forth in
         Section 5, such certificates shall be endorsed with a
         legend to that effect, and shall be held by APS or an
         agent therefor.  The Participant shall, nevertheless,
         have all the other rights of a shareholder, including the
         right to vote and the right to receive all cash dividends
         paid with respect to such shares.  Subject to the
         requirements of applicable law, certificates representing
         such shares shall be delivered to the Participant within
         30 days after the lapse of the restrictions to which they
         are subject.

              (d)  If as a result of a stock dividend, stock split,
         recapitalization (or other adjustment in the stated
         capital of APS) or as the result of a merger,
         consolidation, or other reorganization, the common shares
         of APS are increased, reduced, or otherwise changed, the
         number of shares available and to be awarded hereunder
         shall be appropriately adjusted, and if by virtue thereof
         a Participant shall be entitled to new or additional or
         different shares, such shares to which the Participant
         shall be entitled shall be subject to the terms,
         conditions, and restrictions herein contained relating to
         the original shares.  In the event that warrants or
         rights are awarded with respect to shares awarded
         hereunder, and the recipient exercises such rights or
         warrants, the shares or securities issuable upon such
         exercise shall be likewise subject to the terms,
         conditions, and restriction herein contained relating to
         the original shares.
<PAGE>
              (e)  (i) Each Outside Director may choose prior to the
         effective date of the Plan or prior to his/her initial
         election as a Director and annually thereafter to receive
         Alternate Shares in lieu of the annual award of shares
         subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 5.  If
         the Director chooses to receive Alternate Shares, he/she
         shall receive certificates representing 200 shares of APS
         Common Stock free of the restrictions set forth in
         Section 5(a) and (b) but subject to the restriction set
         forth in Section 5(c).
         
                   (ii)  Any such choice will be effective only if
         made in a writing delivered to the Secretary of APS prior
         to the effective date of the Plan or, with respect to
         awards for years subsequent to 1995, prior to the date of
         the APS stockholders meeting held prior to the calendar
         year of the award.  An Outside Director elected other
         than at an annual meeting who desires to choose not to
         receive shares restricted by Section 5 shall do so in a
         writing delivered to the APS Secretary prior to his/her
         election.  Any choice so made shall continue in effect
         until the Outside Director shall timely deliver to the
         Secretary a writing revoking the prior choice.

5.       Restrictions.

              (a)  Shares are awarded to a Participant on the condi-
         tion that he or she serves as an Outside Director until:

                     (i)          the Participant's death or disability; or

                  (ii)            the Participant's failure to stand for
                                  re-election at the end of the term during
                                  which the Participant reaches age 65; or

                 (iii)            the Participant's resignation or failure
                                  to stand for re-election prior to the end
                                  of the term during which the Participant
                                  reaches age 65 with the consent of the
                                  Board, i.e., approval thereof by at least
                                  80% of the Directors voting thereon, with
                                  the affected Director abstaining; or

                  (iv)            the Participant's failure to be re-
                                  elected after being duly nominated.
<PAGE>
              For purposes of this Plan, "disability" shall mean a
         Participant's complete and permanent inability, by reason
         of illness or accident, to perform his or her duties as
         a member of the Board, as determined by the
         Administration Committee based on medical evidence
         acceptable to it.

              Termination of Service of a Participant for any other
         reason, including, without limitation, any involuntary
         termination effected by Board action, shall result in
         forfeiture of all shares awarded.  Notwithstanding the
         foregoing, upon the occurrence of a Change in Control,
         the restrictions set forth in this Section 5 to which any
         shares awarded to a Participant are then still subject
         shall lapse, and termination of the Participant's Service
         for any reason at any time after the occurrence of such
         Change in Control shall not result in the forfeiture of
         any such shares.

              (b)  Shares awarded hereunder may not be sold,
         assigned, exchanged, transferred, pledged, hypothecated,
         made subject to gift, or otherwise disposed of (herein,
         "Transferred") other than to APS pursuant to Section 4(a)
         during the period commencing on the date of the award of
         such shares and ending on the date of termination of the
         Outside Director's Service; provided, however, that in no
         event, may any shares awarded hereunder be Transferred
         for a period of six months following the date of the
         award thereof, except in the case of the recipient's
         death or disability, other than to APS pursuant to
         Section 4(a) hereof.

              (c)  Each Participant shall represent and warrant to
         and agree with APS that he or she (i) takes any shares
         awarded under the Plan for investment only and not for
         purposes of sale or other disposition and will also take
         for investment only and not for purposes of sale or other
         disposition any rights, warrants, shares or securities
         which may be issued on account of ownership of such
         shares, and (ii) will not sell or transfer any shares
         awarded or any shares received upon exercise of any such
         rights or warrants except in accordance with (A) an
         opinion of counsel for APS (or other counsel acceptable
         to APS) that such shares, rights, warrants or other
         securities may be disposed of without registration under
         the Securities Act of 1933, or (B) an applicable "no
         action" letter issued by the Staff of the Securities and
         Exchange Commission.

6.       Administration Committee.  An Administration Committee
(the "Committee") shall have full power and authority to
construe and administer the Plan.  Any action taken under the
provisions of the Plan by the Committee arising out of or in
connection with the administration, construction, or effect of
the Plan or any rules adopted thereunder shall, in each case,
lie within the discretion of the Committee and shall be
conclusive and binding upon APS and upon all Participants, and
all persons claiming under or through any of them. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, any determination made by the
Committee after the occurrence of a Change in Control that
denies in whole or in part any claim made by any individual
for benefits under the Plan shall be subject to judicial
review, under a "de novo", rather than a deferential,
standard.  The Committee shall have as members the Chief
Executive Officer of APS and two officers of APS or its
Subsidiaries designated by the Chief Executive Officer.  In
the absence of such designation, the other members of the
Committee shall be, in order of automatic designation, the
Vice President Administration and the Secretary of APS.
<PAGE>
7.       Successor Corporation.  The obligations under this Plan
shall be binding upon any successor corporation or
organization resulting from the merger, consolidation or other
reorganization of APS, or upon any successor corporation or
organization succeeding to substantially all of the assets and
business of APS.  APS agrees that it will make appropriate
provision for the preservation of Participants' rights under
this Plan in any agreement or plan which it may enter into or
adopt to effect any such merger, consolidation, reorganization
or transfer of assets.

8.       Right to Continued Service.  Neither this Plan nor any
action taken hereunder shall be construed as giving any
employee any right to continued service as a Director of APS.

9.       No Liability of Committee Members.  No member of the
Committee shall be personally liable by reason of any contract
or other instrument executed by such member or on his or her
behalf in his or her capacity as a member of the Committee nor
for any mistake of judgment made in good faith, and APS shall
indemnify and hold harmless each member of the Committee, and
each employee, officer, director or trustee of APS or any of
its Subsidiaries to whom any duty or power relating to the
administration or interpretation of this Plan may be allocated
or delegated, against any cost or expense (including counsel
fees) or liability (including any sum paid in settlement of a
claim with the approval of the Board of Directors) arising out
of any act or omission to act in connection with this Plan
unless arising out of such person's own fraud or bad faith.

10.      Governing Law.  This Plan shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the state of
incorporation of APS, without reference to the principles of
conflicts of law thereof.

11.      Approval:  Effective Date.  The Plan is subject to the
approval of the Securities and Exchange Commission under the
Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935.  Upon receipt of
such approval, the Plan shall be effective January 1, 1995.
<PAGE>
12.      Amendment and Termination.  The Plan may be amended or
terminated by the Board of Directors of APS, provided that, if
any such amendment requires shareholder approval to meet the
requirements of the then applicable rules under Section 16(b)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, such amendment shall
require the approval of a majority of the holders of APS's
Common Stock present and entitled to vote at a meeting of
shareholders, and provided that such action shall not
adversely affect any Participant's rights under the Plan with
respect to awards which were made prior to such action. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Section 4(b) of the Plan may
not be amended more often than once every six months other
than to comport with changes in the Internal Revenue Code or
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, or the rules
thereunder.
<PAGE>
                                                                Exhibit 10.8




                                        ALLEGHENY POWER SYSTEM


                                  BOARD OF DIRECTORS RETIREMENT PLAN


                                      (Effective January 1, 1995)

<PAGE>

                                        ALLEGHENY POWER SYSTEM

                                  BOARD OF DIRECTORS RETIREMENT PLAN


13.      Purpose of the Plan:

         The purpose of the Plan, the "Allegheny Power System
         Board of Directors Retirement Plan" (hereinafter referred
         to as the "Plan") is to provide for the payment of
         retirement benefits to the outside directors of Allegheny
         Power System, Inc. (hereinafter sometimes referred to as
         "Company") and its controlled subsidiaries (the
         "Subsidiaries") as part of their overall directors'
         remuneration package.  This will help to assist the
         Companies in attracting, motivating and retaining
         directors of superior ability, and loyalty.
14.      Eligibility to Participate in the Plan:
         Each person who is a Director of the Company and the
         Subsidiaries on January 1, 1995 or, thereafter becomes a
         Director and who is not, at any time during his/her
         service as a Director, an employee of the Company or any
         Subsidiary shall be eligible to participate in the Plan. 
         Any person who on January 1, 1995 is, or thereafter
         becomes, eligible to receive a benefit under any present
         or future basic pension plan established for the benefit
         of employees of the Company or of any Subsidiary shall
         not be eligible to participate in the Plan; and any
         Participant who becomes an employee of the Company or a
         Subsidiary and eligible to receive a benefit under such
         basic pension plan shall cease to be eligible for
         benefits under this Plan and shall forfeit any benefits
         that the Participant may then have become entitled to
         under the Plan without regard to his age or Plan Years of
         Service.  
<PAGE>
15.      Definitions:
              A.     Retainer -
                     shall mean the aggregate of the annual Director's
                     retainer fees being paid on the date of the
                     Participant's retirement by the Company and those
                     Subsidiaries of which the Participant is a
                     Director. 
              B.     Committee -
                     shall mean the Management Review Committee of the
                     Board of Directors of the Company ("the Board")
                     and such other committee to which the Board may,
                     from time to time, assign the Committee's
                     responsibilities.
              C.     Effective Date -
                     shall mean January 1, 1995.
              D.     Participant -
                     shall mean any Director who meets the eligibility
                     requirements of Section 2.
              E.     Plan Year -
                     shall mean the approximately 12-month period be-
                     tween annual meetings of the stockholders of the
                     Company.
              F.     Plan Years of Service -
                     shall mean the Participant's years of service as
                     a Company Director measured from the date of
                     first election as a Company Director, whether
                     occurring before or after the Effective Date.
<PAGE>
16.      Plan Retirement Benefits:
              A.     Eligibility for Benefits -
                     I.           Subject to the provisions of Section 5A,
                                  a Participant shall be eligible to
                                  receive upon retirement after attaining
                                  age 65 a benefit from this Plan upon
                                  completion of 5 Plan Years of Service as
                                  a Director of the Company; provided that,
                                  if a Participant ceases to serve as a
                                  Director of the Company prior to
                                  attaining age 65 for any reason
                                  whatsoever other than because of the
                                  occurrence of a Special Event (as defined
                                  below), such eligibility will terminate
                                  forthwith and no benefit shall be payable
                                  to such Participant or such Participant's
                                  spouse under this Plan.  
                     II.          (a)  A Special Event shall be deemed to
                                  have occurred if, before attaining age
                                  65, a Participant shall 
                          (a)     Die after serving as a Director for 5
                                  Plan Years.
                          (b)     Become disabled after serving as a
                                  Director for 5 Plan Years.
                          (c)     With the consent of 80% of the Directors
                                  voting thereon (with the Participant
<PAGE>
                                  abstaining) resign or fail to stand for
                                  reelection.
              For purposes of this Plan, "disability" shall mean a
Participant's complete and permanent inability, by reason of
illness or accident, to perform his or her duties as a
Director, as determined by the Committee based on medical
evidence acceptable to it.
              B.     Amount of Benefits -
                     I.           An eligible Participant retired other
                                  than by reason of a Special Event will be
                                  entitled to receive during his/her life
                                  an annual pension benefit equal to
                                  his/her Retainer; and upon his/her death,
                                  his/her surviving spouse shall be
                                  entitled to receive during his/her life
                                  an annual benefit equal to 50% of that
                                  payable to the Participant.
                     II.          In the event a Director dies after
                                  serving as a Director for 5 Plan Years
                                  but before attaining age 65 the Director
                                  shall be deemed to have retired one day
                                  before the date of his death and the
                                  surviving spouse shall be eligible to
                                  receive an annual pension benefit equal
                                  to that which would have been payable to
                                  the surviving spouse of an eligible
                                  Participant who had retired on the day
<PAGE>
                                  before the date of death of the deceased
                                  Participant.
                     III.         In the event a Director shall retire
                                  because of disability after serving as
                                  Director for 5 Plan Years but before
                                  attaining age 65, the Participant shall
                                  retain his/her eligibility [and his/her
                                  pension benefit (and the 50% benefit
                                  payable to the Participant's surviving
                                  spouse) shall commence in the month
                                  following his retirement and be paid as
                                  provided in Section 4C] [for a deferred
                                  annual pension benefit commencing when
                                  he/she attains age 65 in the amount of
                                  the annual retainer fees being paid him
                                  at the termination of his/her service and
                                  the Participant's spouse at the time of
                                  such termination shall receive an annual
                                  benefit equal to 50% of such amount
                                  commencing at the later of the
                                  Participant's death or the date on which
                                  the Participant would have attained age
                                  65.]
                     IV.          A Participant who, with the consent of
                                  the Board, resigns or fails to stand for
                                  reelection prior to attaining age 65
                                  shall be eligible for a deferred annual
                                  pension benefit commencing when he/she
<PAGE>
                                  attains age 65 in the amount of the
                                  annual retainer fees being paid him at
                                  the termination of his/her service, and
                                  the Participant's spouse at the time of
                                  such termination shall receive an annual
                                  benefit equal to 50% of such amount
                                  commencing at the later of the
                                  Participant's death or the date on which
                                  the Participant would have attained age
                                  65.
              C.     Form and Time of Payment -
                     The annual pension benefit payable under this
                     Plan shall be paid by the Company with the
                     Subsidiaries contributing in proportion to their
                     respective retirement retainer amounts in equal
                     monthly payments on the first day of the month,
                     commencing with the month following the month in
                     which the Participant's retirement occurs.
17.      Vesting:
              A.     Absence of Vesting -
                     A Participant shall have no vested interest in
                     the Plan.  In the event that a Participant ceases
                     for any reason other than the occurrence of a
                     Special Event to be a Director of the Company
                     prior to attaining age 65, any entitlement to
                     benefits shall end, and all his/her rights under
                     the Plan shall terminate without regard to
<PAGE>
                     whether the Participant has served as a Director
                     for 5 Plan Years.
              B.     Change of Control Vesting -
                     Notwithstanding Section 5A, a Participant shall
                     become eligible for Plan Retirement Benefits upon
                     the occurrence of a change of control regardless
                     of the Participant's then age or Plan Years of
                     Service, and Benefits shall be payable to the
                     Participant and his/her spouse in the amounts
                     provided in Section 4B at such time as the
                     Participant ceases to be a Director or dies.  A
                     "change in control" is deemed to occur at the
                     time when either (i) any entity, person or group
                     (other than the Company, any Subsidiary or any
                     savings, pension or other benefit plan for the
                     benefit of employees of the Company or its
                     subsidiaries) which theretofore beneficially
                     owned less than 20% of the Company's Common Stock
                     then outstanding acquires shares of Common Stock
                     in a transaction or series of transactions that
                     results in such entity, person or group directly
                     or indirectly owning beneficially 20% or more of
                     the outstanding Common Stock or (ii) the election
                     or appointment, within a twelve-month period, of
                     persons to the Company's Board of Directors who
                     were not directors of the Company at the
                     beginning of such twelve-month period, whose
                     election or appointment was not voted or approved
<PAGE>
                     in advance by a majority of those persons who
                     were directors at the beginning of such period,
                     and which newly elected or appointed Directors
                     shall constitute a majority of the Board of
                     Directors of the Company.
18.      Funding:
         The Plan shall be unfunded and a Participant shall have
         no interest in any assets of the Company or any
         Subsidiary.  Benefits shall be paid from the general
         assets of the Company and the Subsidiaries and the rights
         of a Participant and his/her spouse shall be limited to
         those of an unsecured general creditor of the Company and
         the Subsidiaries.  No special or separate fund shall be
         established or other segregation of assets made to assure
         such payments; provided, however, that the Company and
         the Subsidiaries may establish a bookkeeping reserve to
         meet its obligations hereunder.  Nothing contained in the
         Plan, and no action taken pursuant to the provisions of
         the Plan, shall create or be construed to create a trust
         of any kind, or a fiduciary relationship between the
         Company, the Subsidiaries or the Committee, and any
         Director or other person.  It is the intention of the
         parties that this Plan shall constitute a mere promise by
         the Company to make payments in the future of the
         benefits provided for herein.
<PAGE>
19.      Administration and Governing Law:
         This Plan will be administered by and under the direction
         of the Committee on behalf of the Company and the
         Subsidiaries.  The Committee may adopt, and may from time
         to time modify or amend, such rules and guidelines
         (hereinafter referred to as the "Rules and Guidelines")
         consistent herewith as it may deem necessary or
         appropriate for carrying out the provisions and purposes
         of the Plan, which, upon their adoption and so long as in
         effect, shall be deemed a part hereof to the same extent
         as if set forth in the Plan.  The Committee may also
         adopt any amendment to this Plan which may be necessary
         or appropriate to facilitate the administration,
         management and interpretation of this Plan, provided that
         any such amendment does not have a material effect on the
         Plan's cost.  Any interpretation and construction by the
         Committee of any provision of, and the determination of
         any question arising under, the Plan or the Rules and
         Guidelines shall be final, conclusive, and binding upon
         the Company, the Subsidiaries, each Participant and
         his/her surviving spouse.  The provisions of the Plan
         shall be construed, administered, and enforced according
         to and governed by the laws of the State of New York.
20.      Limitation on Scope of Plan:
         The Plan shall not be deemed to constitute a contract be-
         tween the Company or any Subsidiary and any Director of
         the Company, nor shall anything herein contained be
         deemed to give any Director of the Company or a
<PAGE>
         Subsidiary any right to be re-elected or otherwise
         continue to serve as Director or deny to the Company or
         any Subsidiary the right to remove any Director at any
         time.  Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, in the
         event of a change of control of the Company, as defined
         in Section 5B, the Plan shall be deemed to have created
         on the effective date of such change of control, a
         contract binding upon the Company and the Subsidiaries to
         pay the Plan Retirement Benefits deemed vested by Section
         5B.
21.      Non-Assignability:
         It is the intention of the parties that this Plan shall
         constitute a mere promise by the Company to make payments
         in the future of the benefits provided for herein.  The
         rights of a Participant and his/her surviving spouse
         hereunder are not subject in any manner to anticipation,
         alienation, sale, transfer, assignment, pledge,
         encumbrance, attachment or garnishment by creditors of
         the Participant or creditors of the Participant's spouse. 
         In the event of any attempted assignment or transfer, the
         Company shall have no further liability hereunder.  Nor
         shall any payments be transferable by operation of law in
         the event of bankruptcy or insolvency, except to the
         extent otherwise provided by applicable law.
22.  Tax Withholding:
         The Company shall withhold from all amounts payable under
         this Plan all federal, state, local or other taxes
<PAGE>
         required by law to be withheld with respect to such
         amounts.
23.  Successors and Assigns:
         Subject to the limitations and restrictions expressed
         herein, this Plan shall be binding upon and inure to the
         benefit of the Company and its successors and assigns and
         the Participants, or their successors, assigns, designees
         and estates.  This Plan shall also be binding upon any
         successor corporation or organization succeeding to
         substantially all the assets and business of the Company,
         but nothing in this Plan shall preclude the Company from
         merging or consolidating into or with, or transferring
         all or substantially all of the assets to, another
         corporation which assumes this Plan and all obligattions
         of the Company hereunder.  Subject to the continuing
         effectiveness of Sections 5A and 6, the Company agrees to
         make appropriate provision for the continuation of this
         Plan and preservation of Participants' rights under this
         Plan in any agreement or plan which it may enter into to
         effect any merger, consolidation, reorganization, or
         transfer of assets and assumption.  On the occurrence of
         such event, the term "Company" shall refer to such other
         corporation and this Plan shall continue in full force
         and effect.
24.      Termination or Amendment:
         This Plan may be amended, suspended or terminated, in
         whole or in part, with prospective or retroactive effect
<PAGE>
         by action of the Board of Directors of the Company,
         acting on behalf of the Company and the Subsidiaries, at
         any time without the consent of any Participant or
         beneficiary; provided, however, that no such amendment,
         suspension or termination nor amendment of the Plan shall
         reduce or terminate any benefit to or in respect of a
         Participant who has attained age 65 and served five years
         as Director.
<PAGE>
                                                                Exhibit 10.9

                 ALLEGHENY POWER SYSTEM PERFORMANCE SHARE PLAN

1.       PURPOSE AND ADMINISTRATION

         To more directly relate the compensation of the executives of the
         Allegheny Power System Companies (the "Companies") to the
         financial results and operating performance of the Companies and to
         attract and retain key executives in a competitive job market, it is
         desirable and necessary to create a long-term incentive plan to
         supplement the Companies' salary and short-term incentive plans.

         The Allegheny Power System Performance Share Plan (the "Plan")
         was adopted by the Boards of Directors of the Companies on 
         __________________, and will be submitted to shareholders for
         approval at the next annual meeting of Allegheny Power System, Inc.
         (the Company).  The Plan is designed to more directly relate the
         compensation of participants to the long-term performance of the
         Companies, to provide incentive rewards for the achievement of the
         long-term performance which benefits both the customers and
         shareholders of the Companies.  The Plan will be administered by the
         Management Review Committee of the Board of Directors of the
         Company (the "Committee").  The Plan will become effective, upon
         approval by shareholders, as of January 1, 1994, and will expire on
         December 3l, 2007, unless otherwise suspended or terminated pursuant
         to Article 10 hereof.
<PAGE>
2.       DESIGN OF THE PLAN
         The Plan will be made up of performance cycles:
         (1)   which may overlap
         (2)  which shall be described in Performance Cycle Guidelines
              (Guidelines) detailing the appropriate terms, conditions and
              performance criteria governing award payments for each
              performance cycle and
         (3)   which shall be approved by the Boards of Directors, upon  
              recommendation of the Committee.
        Each performance cycle shall be for a period of not less than  three (3)
         or more than five (5) calendar years.  The Boards    shall approve the
         participants in each cycle, the performance  criteria and performance
         shares to be covered by each cycle   based on recommendations
         submitted by the Committee.

         The first performance cycle shall, subject to approval of the Plan by
         shareholders, begin on January 1, 1994.  Future cycles shall commence
         on such date as the Boards shall approve, upon the recommendation
         of the Committee, but no future cycle shall begin sooner than January
         1, 1995, nor end on a date after December 31, 2007, and shall be
         governed by the Guidelines adopted for that cycle.  
<PAGE>
         3.   PARTICIPANTS
         Participation in the Plan will be restricted to senior officers of the
         Companies as approved by the Boards.  The Committee shall
         determine, in advance of each cycle, the specific senior officers to be
         included in that performance cycle.  It is expected that not more than
         15 officers will participate in any performance cycle.  The Committee
         will report named proxy executive officers participating in any
         performance cycle to the Board for approval.

4.       SHARES COVERED BY THE PLAN
         The total number of shares of common stock of the Company that may
         be granted under this Plan shall be 500,000.  The number of
         designated shares shall be adjusted to reflect stock splits, stock
         dividends, and other similar matters affecting the number of
         outstanding shares of the Company's common stock.  In the event any
         performance shares granted are not paid, whether by reason of the
         participant's termination of employment, failure to meet performance
         criteria or otherwise, such shares will be available for grants to
         participants with respect to other performance cycles under the Plan.

5.       PERFORMANCE SHARE GRANTS AND PERFORMANCE
         The Committee will approve the granting of performance shares to
         participants in any performance cycle as provided in this Plan.  Actual
         shares of common stock of the Company shall not be issued at the
         time of grant, but the grant of such shares shall represent the
        participant's right to receive such  shares (or their equivalent value),
         and dividends credited in shares, with respect to such shares, upon
         achievement of performance criteria during each performance cycle,
         measured relative to performance standards and other conditions
         established by the Committee, and set forth in the Guidelines for that
         cycle, pursuant to which the shares are granted.  The performance
         cycle over which the Companies' performance is to be measured
         relative to these performance standards will be determined by the
         Committee and approved by the Boards at the time of grant.  During
         any performance cycle, dividends will be credited on all performance
         shares granted, and will be converted into additional shares payable
         when the underlying performance shares are paid.  Payment of any
         shares granted is contingent on the participant's continued employment
         during the performance cycle or such other terms as the Committee
         shall specify in the event of the participant's death, disability,
         retirement, or involuntary termination following a change in ownership
         and/or control of the Company.
<PAGE>
6.       PERFORMANCE CRITERIA AND STANDARDS
         Performance criteria and standards to be included in the Guidelines for
         each performance cycle shall include:
         (a)  Customer related criteria such as the cost and quality of service
              provided to residential customers; and
         (b)  Shareholder related criteria.
         The Committee shall determine appropriate customer related
         performance standards such as the Companies' residential service cost
         ranking and/or the change in the Companies' residential service cost
         ranking measured, in each case, relative to a peer group of utilities
         selected by the Committee and identified in the Guidelines.

         The Committee shall select appropriate shareholder related
         performance criteria such as total return, dividend return, earnings,
         return on equity, cash flow related goals, or a combination of any such
         criteria, measured in each case relative to the peer utility companies
         used during the performance cycle for the proxy stock performance
         graph required under the Securities and Exchange Commission's proxy
         rules applicable at the time.

         The weighting between customer performance and shareholder
         performance criteria, for purposes of computing overall awards during
         any performance cycle, shall be determined by the Committee in the
         appropriate guidelines.

7.       PERFORMANCE SHARE PAYMENTS
         Payment of earned performance shares will be made in actual shares
         of common stock of the Company, or a combination of cash and
         shares, as determined by the Committee at time of grant or payment. 
         The Committee will determine the date as of  which any conversion
         of earned performance shares to cash (based on their fair market
         value) will be made.  Regardless of whether earned performance
         shares are paid in actual shares of common stock of the Company, or
         a combination of cash and shares, the full number of shares earned
         will be deducted from the total number of such shares authorized
         under the Plan.
         
         Within sixty days after receiving a grant of performance shares, a
         participant may make an irrevocable election, following procedures
         established by the Committee, to have distribution of any amount he
         may be entitled to receive with respect to such performance shares
         deferred until such year as he may elect, after the year in which the
         amount would otherwise be paid to him; at the same time, he may
         elect to have such deferred amount, including dividends (or a
         comparable factor), paid to him in annual installments over a specified
         period of years.
         
         Notwithstanding any election of any participant to receive payment
         under the Plan on a deferred basis as above provided, the Committee,
         in its sole discretion, may at any time terminate such election and
         make immediate distribution of the amount to which the participant is
         entitled.
<PAGE>
8.       PAYMENT IN COMMON STOCK: SOURCE OF STOCK
         It is anticipated that any shares of common stock of the Company paid
         under the Plan will be made from treasury shares acquired prior to or
         during the term of the Plan.  The Committee may also utilize
         authorized but unissued shares of the Company's common stock.  

9.       ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS
         The grant of performance shares to a participant shall create no rights
         as a shareholder of the Company until such time that shares of the
         Company's common stock are delivered to the Participant.  In the
       event of stock dividends, stock splits or other similar matters affecting
         the number of outstanding shares of the Company's common stock,
         appropriate revision shall be made in performance shares, granted to
       participants in order to reflect the effect of such action on the grants
         to the participants under the Plan.

         No participant in the Plan shall have any right to continue in the
         employ of the Companies for any period of time.  Rights and powers
         the Companies now have or may have in the future, to dismiss or
         discharge any participant from employment or to change the
         assignment of any participant, are expressly reserved to the
         Companies.  The Companies are authorized to withhold from any
         payments made under the Plan any amount necessary to satisfy income
         tax withholding requirements in respect of such payments, and for this
         purpose may withhold cash or shares of the Company's common
         stock.
<PAGE>
10.      PLAN AMENDMENT, SUSPENSION, OR TERMINATION
         The Boards shall have the authority to amend, revise, or suspend, the
         Plan, provided that no amendments or revisions shall be made without
         the consent of shareholders if they would materially increase the
         benefits accruing to participants, increase the number of Shares which
         may be paid under the Plan pursuant to Article 5, or modify the
         requirements as to eligibility for Plan participation.  The Boards may
         also terminate or suspend the operation of the Plan and provided
         further that no such action will adversely affect the rights of
         participants to payment of performance shares granted prior to
         termination or suspension of the Plan, without the prior consent of
         such participants.

11.      NON-ASSIGNABILITY
         Rights under the Plan and in respect of performance shares granted are
         not transferable and may not be assigned or pledged by any participant
         at any time.
<PAGE>

                                                Exhibit 18


To the Board of Directors
Allegheny Power System, Inc.

We have audited the consolidated financial statements included
in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Allegheny Power System, Inc. 
(the "Corporation") for the year ended December 31, 1994 
and issued our report thereon dated February 2, 1995.  
Note A to the consolidated financial statements describes a change 
in the Corporation's method of accounting for revenues from a 
cycle billing basis to full recognition of unbilled revenues.  
It should be understood that the preferability of one acceptable 
method of revenue recognition over another has not been addressed in any
authoritative accounting literature and in arriving at our
opinion expressed below, we have relied on management's
business planning and judgment.  Based on our discussions with
management and the stated reasons for the change, we believe
that such change represents, in your circumstances, the
adoption of a preferable alternative accounting principle for
revenue recognition in conformity with Accounting Principles
Board Opinion No. 20.

PRICE WATERHOUSE LLP
PRICE WATERHOUSE LLP
New York, New York
February 2, 1995
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  E-2
Monongahela Power Company
                                                       Incorporation
              Documents                                by Reference 

<S>      <C>                                      <C>
3.1      Charter of the Company,                  Form S-3, 33-51301, exh. 4(a)
         as amended                               and Form 8-K of the Company
                                                  (1-5164) dated May 12, 1994,
                                                  exh. 3.1

3.2      Code of Regulations,                      Form 10-Q of the Company
         as amended                                  (1-5164), September 1994,
                                                     exh. (a)(2)

4        Indenture, dated as of                    S 2-5819, exh. 7(f)
         August 1, 1945, and                       S 2-8782, exh. 7(f)(1)
         certain Supplemental                      S 2-8881, exh. 7(b)
         Indentures of the                         S 2-9355, exh. 4(h)(1)
         Company defining rights                   S 2-9979, exh. 4(h)(1)
         of security holders.*                     S 2-10548, exh. 4(b)
                                                   S 2-14763, exh. 2(b)(i)
                                                   S 2-24404, exh. 2(c); 
                                                   S 2-26806, exh. 4(d);
                                                   Forms 8-K of the Company 
                                                   (1-268-2) dated August 8, 1989,
                                                   November 21, 1991, June 4, 1992,
                                                   July 15, 1992, September 1, 1992
                                                   and April 29, 1993

*        There are omitted the Supplemental Indentures which do no
         more than subject property to the lien of the above
         Indentures since they are not considered constituent
         instruments defining the rights of the holders of the
         securities.  The Company agrees to furnish the Commission
         on its request with copies of such Supplemental
         Indentures.

10       Employment Contract                       Form 8-K of the Company
           of Jay S. Pifer                           (1-5164) dated February 15,
                                                     1995 exh. 10.1

12       Computation of ratio of earnings
         to fixed charges 

18       Letter re: Change in Accounting Principles

21       Subsidiaries:  Monongahela Power Company has a 27% equity
         ownership in Allegheny Generating Company, incorporated
         in Virginia; and a 25% equity ownership in Allegheny
         Pittsburgh Coal Company, incorporated in Pennsylvania.

23       Consent of Independent
           Accountants                             See page 62 herein.

24       Powers of Attorney                        See pages 63-65 herein.

27       Financial Data Schedules
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
                                                              EXHIBIT 12

                 COMPUTATION IN SUPPORT OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES

                               For Year Ended December 31, 1994

                                     (Dollar Amounts in Thousands)



                                                 Monongahela Power Company

Earnings:
         Income before cumulative effect
           of accounting change                          $ 59,936
         Fixed charges (see below)                         38,871
         Income taxes                                      30,649

         Total earnings                                  $129,456


Fixed Charges:
         Interest on long-term debt                      $ 35,187
         Other interest                                     2,969
         Estimated interest                                 
           component of rentals                               715

         Total fixed charges                             $ 38,871


Ratio of Earnings to                       
  Fixed Charges                                              3.33
<PAGE>

                                                   Exhibit 18

To the Board of Directors
Monongahela Power Company


We have audited the financial statements included in the
Annual Report on Form 10-K of Monongahela Power Company (the "Corporation")
for the year ended December 31, 1994 and issued our report thereon dated 
February 2, 1995.  Note A to the financial statements describes a
change in the Corporation's method of accounting for revenues
from a cycle billing basis to full recognition of unbilled
revenues.  It should be understood that the preferability of
one acceptable method of revenue recognition over another has
not been addressed in any authoritative accounting literature
and in arriving at our opinion expressed below, we have relied
on management's business planning and judgment.  Based on our
discussions with management and the stated reasons for the
change, we believe that such change represents, in your
circumstances, the adoption of a preferable alternative
accounting principle for revenue recognition in conformity
with Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 20.



PRICE WATERHOUSE LLP
New York, New York
February 2, 1995

<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  E-3

The Potomac Edison Company

                                                                Incorporation
                          Documents                             by Reference 

<S>              <C>                                       <C>
3.1              Charter of the Company,                    Form 10-Q of the Company
                 as amended                                 (1-3376-2), September 1993,
                                                            exh. (a)3

3.2              By-laws of the Company,                    Form 10-Q of the Company
                 as amended                                 (1-3376-2), June 1990,
                                                            exh. (a)3

4                Indenture, dated as of                     S 2-5473, exh. 7(b); Form
                 October 1, 1944, and                       S-3, 33-51305, exh. 4(d)
                 certain Supplemental                       Forms 8-K of the Company
                 Indentures of the                          (1-3376-2) dated June 14,
                 Company defining rights                    1989, June 25, 1990,
                 of security holders*                       August 21, 1991, December
                                                            11, 1991, December 15,
                                                            1992, February 17, 1993,
                                                            March 30, 1993 and June 22,
                                                            1994

*        There are omitted the Supplemental Indentures which do no
         more than subject property to the lien of the above
         Indentures since they are not considered constituent
         instruments defining the rights of the holders of the
         securities.  The Company agrees to furnish the Commission
         on its request with copies of such Supplemental
         Indentures.                                        


10       Employment Contract                                Form 8-K of the Company
           of Jay S. Pifer                                    (1-3376-2) dated
                                                              February 15, 1995
                                                              exh. 10.1

12       Computation of ratio of earnings
         to fixed charges 

18       Letter re: Change in Accounting Principles

21       Subsidiaries:  The Potomac Edison Company has a 28%
         equity ownership in Allegheny Generating Company,
         incorporated in Virginia and a 25% equity ownership in
         Allegheny Pittsburgh Coal Company, incorporated in
         Pennsylvania.

23       Consent of Independent                             See page 62 herein.
           Accountants

24       Powers of Attorney                                 See pages 63-65 herein.

27       Financial Data Schedules
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 12

               COMPUTATION IN SUPPORT OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES

                             For Year Ended December 31, 1994

                               (Dollar Amounts in Thousands)



                                                  The Potomac Edison Company

Earnings:
         Income before cumulative effect
           of accounting change                             $ 81,983
         Fixed charges (see below)                            47,329
         Income taxes                                         34,339

         Total earnings                                     $163,651


Fixed Charges:
         Interest on long-term debt                         $ 44,706
         Other interest                                        1,750
         Estimated interest                                         
           component of rentals                                  873

         Total fixed charges                                $ 47,329


Ratio of Earnings to                       
  Fixed Charges                                                 3.46
<PAGE>

                                           Exhibit 18


To the Board of Directors
The Potomac Edison Company

We have audited the financial statements included in the
Annual Report on Form 10-K of The Potomac Edison Company (the "Corporation")
for the year ended December 31, 1994 and issued our report thereon dated 
February 2, 1995.  Note A to the financial statements describes a
change in the Corporation's method of accounting for revenues
from a cycle billing basis to full recognition of unbilled
revenues.  It should be understood that the preferability of
one acceptable method of revenue recognition over another has
not been addressed in any authoritative accounting literature
and in arriving at our opinion expressed below, we have relied
on management's business planning and judgment.  Based on our
discussions with management and the stated reasons for the
change, we believe that such change represents, in your
circumstances, the adoption of a preferable alternative
accounting principle for revenue recognition in conformity
with Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 20.



PRICE WATERHOUSE
New York, New York
February 2, 1995
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  E-4

West Penn Power Company
                                                            Incorporation
                          Documents                         by Reference 

<S>      <C>                                       <C>
3.1      Charter of the Company,                   Form S-3, 33-51303, exh. 4(a)
         as amended

3.2      By-laws of the Company,                   Form 8-K of the Company
         as amended                                  (1-255-2), dated June 9, 1993,
                                                     exh. (a)(3)


4        Indenture, dated as of                             S-3, 33-51303, exh. 4(d)
         March 1, 1916, and certain                         S 2-1835, exh. B(1), B(6)
         Supplemental Indentures of                         S 2-4099, exh. B(6), B(7)
         the Company defining rights                        S 2-4322, exh. B(5)
         of security holders.*                              S 2-5362, exh. B(2), B(5)
                                                            S 2-7422, exh. 7(c), 7(i)
                                                            S 2-7840, exh. 7(d), 7(k)
                                                            S 2-8782, exh. 7(e) (1)
                                                            S 2-9477, exh. 4(c), 4(d)
                                                            S 2-10802, exh. 4(b), 4(c)
                                                            S 2-13400, exh. 2(c), 2(d)
                                                            Form 10-Q of the Company  
                                                            (1-255-2), June 1980,
                                                            exh. D
                                                            Forms 8-K of the Company
                                                            (1-255-2) dated June 1989,
                                                            February 1991, December
                                                            1991, August 13, 1993,
                                                            September 15, 1992, June 9,
                                                            1993 and June 1993

*        There are omitted the Supplemental Indentures which do no
         more than subject property to the lien of the above
         Indentures since   they are not considered constituent
         instruments defining the rights of the holders of the
         securities.  The Company agrees to furnish the Commission
         on its request with copies of such Supplemental
         Indentures.

10       Employment Contract                                Form 8-K of the Company
           of Jay S. Pifer                                    (1-255-2) dated
                                                              February 15, 1995
                                                              exh. 10.1
12       Computation of ratio of earnings
         to fixed charges

18       Letter re: Change in Accounting Principles

21       Subsidiaries:  West Penn Power Company has a 45% equity
         ownership in Allegheny Generating Company, incorporated
         in Virginia; a 50% equity ownership in Allegheny
         Pittsburgh Coal Company, incorporated in Pennsylvania;
         and a 100% equity ownership in West Virginia Power and
         Transmission Company, incorporated in West Virginia,
         which owns a 100% equity ownership in West Penn West
         Virginia Water Power Company, incorporated in
         Pennsylvania.

23       Consent of Independent                                     See page 62 herein.
           Accountants

24       Powers of Attorney                                         See pages 63-65 herein.

27       Financial Data Schedules
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 12

                COMPUTATION IN SUPPORT OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES

                                 For Year Ended December 31, 1994

                                    (Dollar Amounts in Thousands)



                                                      West Penn Power Company

Earnings:
         Income before cumulative effect
           of accounting change                               $101,015
         Fixed charges (see below)                              61,583
         Income taxes                                           47,085

         Total earnings                                       $209,683


Fixed Charges:
         Interest on long-term debt                           $ 58,102
         Other interest                                          2,172
         Estimated interest                                         
           component of rentals                                  1,309

         Total fixed charges                                  $ 61,583


Ratio of Earnings to                       
  Fixed Charges                                                   3.40
<PAGE>

                                           Exhibit 18

To the Board of Directors
West Penn Power Company

We have audited the consolidated financial statements included in the
Annual Report on Form 10-K of West Penn Power Company (the "Corporation")
for the year ended December 31, 1994 and issued our report thereon dated 
February 2, 1995.  Note A to the consolidated financial statements describes a 
change in the Corporation's method of accounting for revenues from a cycle 
billing basis to full recognition of unbilled revenues.  It should be understood
that the preferability of one acceptable method of revenue recognition
over another has not been addressed in any authoritative accounting
literature and in arriving at our opinion expressed below, we have
relied on management's business planning and judgment.  Based on our
discussions with management and the stated reasons for the change, we
believe that such change represents, in your circumstances, the adoption
of a preferable alternative accounting principle for revenue recognition
in conformity with Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 20.



PRICE WATERHOUSE
New York, New York
February 2, 1995
<PAGE>

                                                       E-5

Allegheny Generating Company

                          Documents

3.1(a)           Charter of the Company, as amended*

3.1(b)           Certificate of Amendment to Charter, effective July 14,
                 1989.**

3.2              By-laws of the Company, as amended*                          

4                Indenture, dated as of December 1, 1986, and Supplemental
                 Indenture, dated as of December 15, 1988, of the Company 
                 defining rights of security holders.***

10.1             APS Power Agreement-Bath County Pumped Storage Project, as
                 amended, dated as of August 14, 1981, among Monongahela
                 Power Company, West Penn Power Company, and The Potomac
                 Edison Company and Allegheny Generating Company.*

10.2             Operating Agreement, dated as of June 17, 1981, among
                 Virginia Electric and Power Company, Allegheny Generating
                 Company, Monongahela Power Company, West Penn Power Company
                 and The Potomac Edison Company.*

10.3             Equity Agreement, dated June 17, 1981, between and among 
                 Allegheny Generating Company, Monongahela Power Company,
                 West Penn Power Company and The Potomac Edison Company.*

10.4             United States of America Before The Federal Energy
                 Regulatory Commission, Allegheny Generating Company, Docket
                 No. ER84-504-000, Settlement Agreement effective October 1,
                 1985.*

12               Computation of ratio of earnings
                 to fixed charges 

23               Consent of Independent                 See page 62 herein.
                   Accountants

24               Powers of Attorney                     See pages 63-65 herein.

27               Financial Data Schedules

 *       Incorporated by reference to the designated exhibit to AGC's
         registration statement on Form 10, File No. 0-14688.

**       Incorporated by reference to Form 10-Q of the Company         
         (0-14688) for June 1989, exh. (a).

***      Incorporated by reference to Forms 8-K of the Company         
         (0-14688) for December 1986, exh. 4(A), and December 1988, exh.
         4.1.             
<PAGE>

                                                               EXHIBIT 12

               COMPUTATION IN SUPPORT OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES

                              For Year Ended December 31, 1994

                                (Dollar Amounts in Thousands)



                                                Allegheny Generating Company

Earnings:
         Net Income                                       $ 29,717
         Fixed charges (see below)                          17,809
         Income taxes                                       14,743

         Total earnings                                   $ 62,269


Fixed Charges:
         Interest on long-term debt                       $ 16,863
         Other interest                                        946
         Estimated interest                                         
           component of rentals                              ---- 

         Total fixed charges                              $ 17,809


Ratio of Earnings to                       
  Fixed Charges                                               3.50
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>2
<FLAWED>
<TEXT>
WARNING: THE EDGAR SYSTEM ENCOUNTERED ERROR(S) WHILE PROCESSING THIS SCHEDULE.

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 5
<RESTATED> 
<NAME>    WEST PENN POWER COMPANY
<MULTIPLIER> 1,000
<CURRENCY> 0
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   12-MOS
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          DEC-31-1994
<PERIOD-START>                             JAN-01-1994
<PERIOD-END>                               DEC-31-1994
<EXCHANGE-RATE>                                      1
<CASH>                                             272
<SECURITIES>                                        73
<RECEIVABLES>                                  139,149
<ALLOWANCES>                                   (8,267)
<INVENTORY>                                     78,127
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                               235,417
<PP&E>                                       3,013,777
<DEPRECIATION>                             (1,009,565)
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                               2,731,858
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                          211,626
<BONDS>                                        836,426
<COMMON>                                       465,994
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                    149,708
<OTHER-SE>                                     489,488
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                 2,731,858
<SALES>                                      1,128,242
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                             1,128,242
<CGS>                                          759,804
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                  935,963
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                     0
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                     0
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                              56,226
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                151,400
<INCOME-TAX>                                    50,385
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                            101,015
<DISCONTINUED>                                       0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                       19,031
<NET-INCOME>                                   120,046
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                        0<F1>
<EPS-DILUTED>                                        0<F1>
<FN>
<F1>All common stock is owned by parent.  No EPS required.
</FN>
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
