-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 aLks+VlIPkXFnZxt4vhqO6n6PpEgtK4EJsa1/IKeBhh8wt08zikkPpJ74Apg/HK2
 n0FrEMhHQXN0SvvCiD162w==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000312259-95-000008.txt : 19950731
<IMS-HEADER>0000312259-95-000008.hdr.sgml : 19950731
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000312259-95-000008
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K405
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		4
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19950430
FILED AS OF DATE:		19950728
SROS:			NONE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WALNUT EQUIPMENT LEASING CO INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000312259
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SHORT-TERM BUSINESS CREDIT INSTITUTIONS [6153]
		IRS NUMBER:				231712443
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K405
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	033-16599
		FILM NUMBER:		95556999

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		STE 2128 101 W CITY AVE
		STREET 2:		C/O FIRST VALLEY BANK
		CITY:			BALA CYNWYD
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19004
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6106680700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 1050
		CITY:			BALA CYNWYD
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19004
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K405
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>ANNUAL REPORT FOR THE YEAR ENDED 4/30/95
<TEXT>


<PAGE>
<PAGE>1
                                 UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                            WASHINGTON, D.C.  20549

                                  FORM 10-K405

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES  EXCHANGE
                           ACT OF 1934 (FEE REQUIRED)


For the fiscal year ended                              Commission file number
APRIL 30, 1995                                         2-65101

                       WALNUT EQUIPMENT LEASING CO., INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

DELAWARE                                              23-1712443
(State or other jurisdiction of          (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
incorporation or organization)

            SUITE 2128, 101 WEST CITY AVENUE, BALA CYNWYD, PA 19004
              (Address of principal executive offices)  (Zip Code)

        Registrant's telephone number, including area code (610)_668-0700
        Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  NONE
        Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  NONE

    Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports 
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the 
Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to 
such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
Yes / X /   No /   /

    Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to 
the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information 
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any 
amendment to this Form 10-K. / X /

    State the aggregate market value of the voting stock held by 
non-affiliates of the registrant.  The aggregate market value shall be 
computed by reference to the price at which the stock was sold, or the average 
bid and asked prices of such stock, as of a specified date within 60 days 
prior to the date of filing.

          No voting stock is held by non-affiliates of the Registrant.

    Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant's 
classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.

    As of June 30, 1995, there were 1,000 shares of the Registrant's common
stock, $1.00 par value, outstanding.  The Registrant has no other
classes of common stock.

                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

                                      NONE
<PAGE>
<PAGE>2
                                     PART I


Item 1.  BUSINESS

    (a)  GENERAL DEVELOPMENT OF BUSINESS

    Walnut Equipment Leasing Co., Inc. (the "Company" or "Walnut"), which was 
incorporated in Pennsylvania in 1969, commenced business in 1960 through its 
predecessor and sole common stockholder, Walnut Associates, Inc., a Delaware 
Corporation.  It primarily engages in the business of acquiring general 
commercial equipment for lease throughout the United States.  Effective April 
29, 1977, the Company changed the situs of incorporation to the State of 
Delaware.  The Company conducts its operations principally through 
wholly-owned subsidiaries in 48 states.  The term "Company" refers 
collectively to the present Delaware corporation, its predecessors and its 
wholly-owned subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise indicates.  On May 6, 
1986, the Company formed a subsidiary, Equipment Leasing Corporation of 
America ("ELCOA") which the Company capitalized on May 23, 1986 with equipment 
costing $1,000,000 and related direct financing leases, in exchange for all of 
that subsidiary's voting common stock.  ELCOA is operated as a separate 
entity, with its own Board of Directors, a majority of the members of which 
are independent of the Company.

    (b)  FINANCIAL INFORMATION ABOUT INDUSTRY SEGMENTS

    The Company conducts business in only one industry segment, the leasing of 
commercial equipment.  See the Consolidated Financial Statements included in 
Item 8 to this report.

    The Company's principal business is the acquisition of commercial and 
industrial equipment for business use which it leases under full-payout direct 
financing leases to what it considers credit-worthy lessees.  See "Marketing" 
and "Credit Policy."  The Company services the needs of manufacturers and 
distributors of small commercial equipment by offering them the opportunity to 
use leasing as a sales tool.  See "Marketing."  The Company acquires the 
equipment only after leases have been consummated.  The Company ordinarily 
writes leases for periods of one to five years for equipment costing $750 or 
more, but which did not usually exceed $6,000.  The lease agreements entered 
into between the Company and the lessees contemplate the payment of funds 
sufficient to recover the Company's investment and to provide a profit over 
the terms of the leases.  The Company recognizes as income over the entire 
term of the leases the difference between the total rents scheduled to be 
collected along with the estimated residual value of the equipment at the end 
of the lease term, less the cost of the equipment.  The Company recognizes 
income from each lease over it's respective term, even if payments are 
delinquent for any number of months.  The Company sets aside from its income a 
provision for anticipated losses from delinquencies.  See Footnote 1 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements.  The lease agreements do not contain an 
express purchase option.  The Company has offered the equipment for sale to  
the former lessee after expiration of the lease at approximately 10% of the 
Company's original equipment cost, which is sufficient to recover the recorded 
residual value.  Substantially all leased equipment has been sold to the 
lessees at termination of their leases. See "Marketing".

                                       1
<PAGE>
<PAGE>3
    The leases require that the lessee maintain and insure the equipment.  The 
Company disclaims any obligation to repair or maintain the equipment.  The 
lessee relies solely on warranties or services from the vendor or the 
manufacturer of the equipment.  In leasing equipment the Company relies 
principally on the credit of the lessee to recapture its cost of equipment 
rather than the residual value of the equipment.  Due to the small size of 
each individual lease, the Company does not conduct an actual physical 
inspection of the equipment prior to or during the term of the lease, but 
relies instead upon both written and oral representations by the lessees 
regarding satisfactory acceptance of the equipment, prior to commencement of 
the lease and payment of the vendor's invoice by the Company.  The Company 
carries its own insurance in the event the lessee fails to insure, and also 
maintains insurance which management believes is adequate against liability 
from the anticipated use, or loss by fire or otherwise of the equipment by the 
lessees.   These leases are commonly referred to as direct finance leases.

    The Company uses a standard non-cancellable lease for its direct finance 
leases, the terms and conditions of which vary slightly from transaction to 
transaction.  These leases are commonly referred to as "full-payout", "hell or 
high water", or finance leases pursuant to Article 2A of the Uniform 
Commercial Code.  As such, the lessees are unconditionally obligated to make 
monthly rental payments to the Company irrespective of the condition, use, or 
maintenance of the equipment under lease.  In management's opinion, the 
lessees have no legal or equitable defenses that may be asserted against the 
Company in the event the leased equipment does not function properly.  In 
substantially all cases, the lease states that lessees are obligated to (1) 
remit all rents due, regardless of the performance of the equipment; (2) 
operate the equipment in a careful and proper manner and in compliance with 
applicable governmental rules and regulations; (3) maintain and service the 
equipment; (4) insure the equipment against casualty losses and public 
liability, bodily injury and property damage; and (5) pay directly or 
reimburse the Company for any taxes associated with the equipment, its use, 
possession or lease, except those relating to net income derived by the 
Company therefrom.

    Under terms of the lease contract, the lessees are prohibited from 
assigning or subletting the equipment or appurtenant lease to any third party 
without the express written consent of the Company.  The lease provides that 
the Company, in the event of a default by the lessee, may declare the entire 
unpaid balance of rentals due and payable immediately and may seize and remove 
the equipment for subsequent sale, release or other disposition.  During the 
fiscal year ended April 30, 1995, the Company entered into 2,170 direct 
finance leases which had an average initial term of approximately 34 months 
representing aggregate contractual lease receivables of $10,189,624.  Of 
these, a technical event of default in the terms of the lease contract 
occurred in 688 leases having an aggregate contractual lease receivable of 
$2,840,871, of which 109 having an aggregate contractual lease receivable of 
$314,225 (included in the 688 leases) were serious enough to require the 
Company to declare the entire unpaid balance of rentals due and payable 
immediately.  See "Marketing".

    The Company has, from time to time, leased equipment under renewable 
leases which do not contemplate full recovery of the Company's original costs 
during their initial one year term.  These leases are referred to as operating 
leases, intended primarily for large corporate and governmental lessees that 
are restricted from entering into leases with terms longer than one year.  The 
leases are automatically renewed for an additional year, and so on from year 
to year, unless terminated upon ninety days' prior written notice. 
                                       2
<PAGE>
<PAGE>4
    Under the operating lease the lessee is granted an option to purchase the 
equipment for the original invoice price less a credit for a portion of the 
rentals paid.  The Company requires equipment vendors to refrain from 
replacing for two years the equipment should the lessee cancel after the 
initial one year term.  The monthly rental is calculated as 6% of the 
equipment cost monthly.  Total annual rentals charged by the Company equals 
72% of the original equipment cost.  The repurchase price is equal to the 
original cost of the equipment, less a credit for a portion of the rentals 
received from the lessee.  There are no assurances that the Company's costs 
will be recovered.  As of April 30, 1995, the net book value of equipment 
subject to operating leases was $23,316.  As of that date, the Company had 
contracts for operating leases in the aggregate remaining balance of $3,346 
all of which are due during the fiscal year ended April 30, 1996. 

    The Company (including ELCOA), as of April 30, 1995, owned 8,474 direct 
financing leases with an aggregate balance of $18,829,268, on a consolidated 
basis, with an average lease receivable balance of $2,222.  Of these leases, 
467 had balances between $6,000 and $9,999 with an aggregate balance of 
$3,423,095, and 123 had balances in excess of $10,000 with an aggregate 
balance of $1,814,062.  Leases over $6,000 accounted for 7.0% of the total 
number of leases outstanding and 27.8% of the total dollar amount of lease 
receivables outstanding at April 30, 1995.  On occasion, the Company enters 
into more than one lease agreement with a particular lessee.  The three 
largest lessees held leases with aggregate balances of $42,606, $40,095 and 
$34,518 as of April 30, 1995.  Accordingly, no single lessee represents over 
 .2 percent of the outstanding lease portfolio.  As of April 30, 1995, ELCOA 
owned 7,964 direct financing leases which had an aggregate lease receivable 
balance of $17,267,612, and an average lease receivable balance of $2,168.  Of 
these leases, 404 had balances between $6,000 and $9,999 with an aggregate 
balance of $2,950,921 and 88 had balances in excess of $10,000 with an 
aggregate balance of $1,348,968.

    The Company purchases its equipment for lease from a variety of equipment 
vendors located throughout the United States, none of which was responsible 
for supplying the Company with 5% or more of its equipment purchases. See 
"Marketing". There are no back-log orders for equipment purchase commitments. 
The Company believes it is in a competitive position within its industry 
because of its ability to carry a large number of small equipment leases 
through the extensive utilization of electronic data processing and its "back 
office" facilities.  Electronic data processing includes proprietary computer 
programs developed exclusively for the Company, which enable it to maintain 
detailed records of each lease contract presently outstanding and can likely 
service by at least ten fold its present number of contracts without 
modification.  Other "back-office" facilities include credit investigation, 
documentation, bookkeeping and collection departments, all centrally located 
in the Company's headquarters which eliminate the need to contract outside 
services to perform these duties now and in the future.  However, future 
growth is dependent upon sources of adequate financing for the cost of newly 
acquired equipment, including the proceeds from the sale of Senior Thrift 
Certificates and the sale of debt securities by ELCOA, the Company's 
wholly-owned subsidiary.  See "Methods of Financing."

    During the three fiscal years ended April 30, 1995, 1994, and 1993, the 
gross rents charged over the "net investment" in direct finance leases were 
145%, 147% and 149%, respectively.  Gross rents are calculated as the 
aggregate rentals contracted to be received over the terms of all leases

                                       3
<PAGE>
<PAGE>5
entered during the respective years, and are not on an annual basis.  The 
overall decrease in interest rates over the three fiscal years ended April 30, 
1995 contributed to a small decrease in the overall rates charged on new 
leases.  Factors considered by the Company in determining the rents to be 
charged are the net equipment cost, marketing expenses, credit investigation, 
document processing, invoicing and collections, potential bad debt write-offs, 
the Company's cost of funds, term of the lease, and a profit margin.

    The Company's leasing activities are not generally oriented towards 
creating tax benefits, and therefore changes in recent tax legislation since 
1986 have only a marginal  benefit to the Company.  The Company believes that 
some of the Company's competitors lost the benefit of using excess tax 
deductions and credits generated by their leasing operations to offset income 
from other sources, which in the past allowed them to offer lower leasing 
rates than the Company.  To the extent the changes mentioned above reduced the 
benefits of equipment ownership, the Company believes that businesses might be 
more inclined to lease because deductibility of rental payments by the lessees 
remain unaffected, while purchases no longer provide certain tax advantages.  
Management believes that changes under the Tax Reform Act of 1986, as amended, 
have had no material impact on the Company's operations.

    MARKETING

    Since its inception, the Company has concentrated on seeking lessees 
desiring to lease equipment costing $6,000 or less under direct finance 
leases, because it believes that there is less competition for small leases.  
In addition, the Company is able to spread risk of loss from defaulted leases 
over a greater number of leases.  It leases items such as office equipment, 
business machines, graphic arts equipment, scientific and medical 
instrumentation, material handling equipment, microfilm equipment, automobile 
test equipment, cash registers, restaurant and food-service equipment, and 
other business, industrial and commercial equipment and does not concentrate 
in any one type.  The equipment purchased is primarily newly manufactured 
equipment, but on occasion the Company will purchase used equipment for lease 
at its then fair market value.  The equipment is located throughout the United 
States without undue concentration in any one area.  The Company's historical 
experience indicates that the equipment under lease does not generally become 
obsolete at the conclusion of the lease term.

    The Company concentrates its marketing effort to reach salesmen, dealers 
distributors and branch offices of companies selling equipment similar to that 
described above for lease to appropriate lessees.  The Company has previously 
used regional offices, direct mail programs, and telemarketing, all of which 
have been phased out in favor of the Company's current marketing strategy that 
emphasizes direct contact with manufacturers in promoting leasing as a sales 
tool to their dealers.  The Company believes that with the cooperative efforts 
of equipment manufacturers, an increased number of dealers and distributors 
(i.e. "vendors") will become aware of the option of using leasing as a sales 
tool, which in turn will increase the generation of new leases by the Company.  
The Company currently actively conducts business on a monthly basis through 
approximately 180 equipment vendors, distributors, and branch outlets of 
manufacturers, none of which supply more than 5% of the Company's new 
business.

    The following table reflects the aggregate dollar amount of rentals 
represented by new leases and the number of such leases written during each of 
the last three years, on a quarterly basis.

                                       4
<PAGE>
<PAGE>6
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                   Fiscal Years Ended April 30,
                                   1995             1994             1993
                            -----------      -----------      -----------
<S>                         <C>              <C>              <C>
Aggregate Lease Rentals     $10,189,624      $10,168,874      $11,293,059

Number of New Leases              2,170            2,242            3,060

Average Amount per New Lease     $4,696           $4,536           $3,691

New Leases
Entered Quarterly
- -----------------
First Quarter               $ 2,824,902      $ 2,744,959      $ 3,464,883
Second Quarter                2,371,098        2,299,854        3,067,690
Third Quarter                 2,596,150        2,286,672        2,518,282
Fourth Quarter                2,397,474        2,837,389        2,242,204
</TABLE>

    During the beginning of the third quarter of the fiscal year ended April 
30, 1993, management eliminated certain types of equipment that it previously 
considered for lease, such as credit-card machines, commercial water coolers 
and security surveillance equipment.  Management believed that these, as well 
as other types of equipment it considered to be over-priced, were a factor in 
the increased amount of delinquencies during the fiscal year ended April 30, 
1993.  In addition, management restricted the submission of lease applications 
through brokers as the ratios of consummated leases to the number of 
applications submitted was unacceptable.  These factors, in conjunction with a 
weak nationwide economy, led to the decline in new lease volume during the 
remainder of the fiscal year, which trend continued into the fiscal years 
ending April 30, 1994 and 1995.  The Company estimates that its share of the 
"small-ticket" leasing market for commercial equipment costing less than 
$25,000 is less than 1%.

    During the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended April 30, 1994, the 
Company refined its marketing efforts aimed at equipment manufacturers, 
encouraging them to cooperate with the Company in educating their dealer or 
branch office distribution networks with using leasing as a sales tool.  
During the last three months of the fiscal year ended April 30, 1995, the 
Company began to target equipment manufacturers with sales in excess of      
$5 million and an established distribution network to offer them a "private 
label lease program".  These programs are intended to further increase the 
Company's marketing efforts.  For a more complete discussion of these efforts, 
see "Further Refinements in Marketing Strategy and Efforts to Reduce Operating 
Losses" on page 22.  Management anticipates that these programs will continue, 
and as other leasing companies raise their minimum transaction size, the 
Company expects to gain from an increase in new lease applications being 
submitted.  As noted by the table above, the average new lease receivable has 
increased approximately 27% over the three fiscal years ended April 30, 1995, 
and management expects this trend to continue as its cooperative efforts with 
equipment manufacturers mature.  The decision to eliminate leases for credit 
card machines and water coolers during the fiscal year ended April 30, 1993 
also contributed to this trend.

                                       5
<PAGE>
<PAGE>7
    The Company markets its leases throughout the United States.  The 
following is a breakdown as of April 30, 1995 of the original cost of 
equipment, net of residual value, that the Company owns or manages on behalf 
of ELCOA in various areas of the United States.  Approximately $23,702,713 in 
original equipment cost is owned by ELCOA, and managed by the Company.  See 
"BUSINESS - Methods of Financing."

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                         Amount             % 
                                    -----------          ------
              <S>                   <C>                  <C>
              New England           $ 2,805,186           11.02
              Mid Atlantic            7,779,174           30.56
              Southeast               4,533,609           17.81
              Midwest                 2,593,906           10.19
              South                   2,227,349            8.75
              Rocky Mountain            534,564            2.10
              West Coast              1,985,522            7.80
              Southwest               2,996,102           11.77
                                    -----------          ------
                                    $25,455,412          100.0% 
                                    ===========          ======
</TABLE>
    CREDIT POLICY

    In order to conduct a business dealing in leases principally under $10,000, 
the Company has developed what it considers to be an efficient method of 
determining credit risks.  The Company bases its decision to accept an 
application from a potential lessee on the Company's assessment of the lessee's 
ability to meet its obligations for payments as set forth under the lease and 
not upon the resale value of the equipment in the event of the lessee's 
default. The Company's lessees range from newly formed businesses (less than 
two years in business) to major corporations.  Lease rental rates are 
established based upon the Company's assessment of credit risk, as newly formed 
and smaller businesses pay a higher rate in general than would established 
companies.  As the Company entered into an excess of 2,100 leases to all types 
and sizes of businesses during the fiscal year ended April 30, 1995, it is 
unable to quantify with any certainty the general material characteristics of 
all of its lessees.  The Company believes that at least a majority of its 
lessees are small to medium size businesses with between $100,000 and 
$2,000,000 in annual sales and less than 50 employees.  The Company relies 
heavily on bank references, trade references, personal credit reports on the 
principals of the lessee, number of years in business, property searches and 
other credit bureau reports. In addition to the credit investigation, the 
Company generally requires the owners and principal shareholders (and their 
spouses) of sole proprietorships, partnerships, and closely-held corporations 
which have been in business less than three years, or have fewer than 20 
employees, to personally guarantee the obligations of the lessee.  Additional 
rental prepayments are required if the lessee has been in business for less 
than two years.  Most credit decisions are made within one day of the initial 
credit application.  The Company has found that credit evaluation is essential 
as the equipment has a substantially reduced value on resale or releasing.

    Consequently, it must rely primarily on its initial credit judgment.  The 
Company employs 7 people in its Credit and Collection Departments, and has a 
policy of litigating all claims against lessees for unpaid rentals.  These 
claims are usually settled in favor of the Company, as the lease contract 
                                       6
<PAGE>
<PAGE>8
provides that in the event of default by the lessee, the Company is entitled to 
the accelerated balance of the remaining contractual lease payments, late 
charges and, in the event of litigation, reimbursement for collection costs and 
reasonable attorney's fees.  Historically, the amount recovered from 
collections of delinquent leases has exceeded the legal fees incurred in 
connection therewith.  The Company reimbursed the law firm of William Shapiro, 
Esq., P.C., an affiliate, for payroll costs of its staff attorneys and any 
required advances for court costs, and did not pay any other fees on either a 
contingent or hourly basis.  Neither William nor Kenneth Shapiro who are 
officers and directors of the Company are included in the law firm's payroll.  
William Shapiro is the sole shareholder of the law firm.  See Note 10 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements.

    Prior to May 1, 1988, at the inception of each new lease, an allowance was 
established for potential future losses.  The level of the allowance was based 
upon historical experience of collections, management's evaluation of estimated 
losses as well as prevailing and anticipated economic conditions.  Management 
evaluated the adequacy of the resulting allowance annually.  The allowance is 
currently based upon a periodic evaluation, performed at least quarterly, of 
delinquent finance lease receivables to reflect anticipated losses from 
delinquencies and impairments that have already occurred.  See Note 1 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements.  During the three fiscal years ended April 
30, 1995, 1994 and 1993, the allowance for doubtful accounts was increased 
annually by provisions in the amounts of $1,635,963, $792,879 and $1,143,471, 
respectively.  The amounts written off in each of the three fiscal years ended 
April 30, 1995, 1994 and 1993 were $2,111,032, $897,098 and $932,194, 
respectively.  The Company aggressively takes legal recourse with respect to 
each delinquent lease irrespective of the amount at controversy and believes 
this approach is an important part of the collection effort.  Obligations are 
not written off until there is either an adverse court decision, bankruptcy or 
settlement, and local counsel has determined that the obligation cannot be 
recovered.

    The Company makes a practice of assessing and collecting late charges on 
all delinquent accounts, if possible.  Late charges are assessed on all 
delinquent accounts at the rate of 5% monthly of the delinquent past due 
payments. Late charges collected and included in revenue for the fiscal years 
ended April 30, 1995, 1994 and 1993 were approximately $418,000, $372,000 and 
$323,000, respectively. Increased emphasis on collections accounted for the 
increase in late charges for the three fiscal years ended April 30, 1995.  In 
addition, the Company has historically recovered at least the recorded amount 
of residual values at the conclusion of each lease, unless written-off as 
uncollectible.  See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

    The Company believes that its loss experience and delinquency rate are 
reasonable for its operations.  The Company's rates charged on its leases tend 
to be higher than industry averages due to the relative lack of competition in 
small-ticket leasing.  The higher rates are intended to offset the increased 
credit risks and processing costs associated with small-ticket leases.  
Although the Company's loss experience measured as a percentage of net 
charge-offs to average lease receivables outstanding is consistent with 
industry averages, its delinquency rate is higher than industry averages 
because of its market, i.e. primarily small to medium sized business.  In 
addition, delinquent receivable balances appear higher than industry average 
because of the Company's decision to pursue delinquent lessees until all 
collection efforts have been completely exhausted.

                                       7
<PAGE>
<PAGE>9
    The implications of these higher percentages require the Company to 
continue its collection efforts diligently to minimize its actual losses from 
delinquent accounts.  The Company notes that because of recent changes in 
bankruptcy laws and delays in state court systems nationwide, the time 
necessary to litigate and collect on any judgment has increased during the past 
five years.  Experience over the five years, measured as a percentage of net 
charge-offs, remained fairly constant.  The increase in net charge-offs during 
the fiscal year ended April 30, 1995 resulted from the exhaustion of legal 
efforts to collect certain delinquencies arising prior to May, 1989, for which 
management believed further attempts to collect to be futile.  Management 
attributes the increase during fiscal 1993 from fiscal 1992 to the increased 
size of the Company's outstanding lease portfolio, and losses from problems 
associated with discontinued types of equipment being leased.  See "Marketing". 
The management of receivables during the past three years in light of 
relatively weak economic conditions and overextension of small and medium-size 
businesses continues to pose a demanding challenge upon financial institutions 
in general.  Business failures, bankruptcies, and the trend toward slower 
payment increased when compared to prior years.  The Company's lessees, many of 
them owners of small and medium-sized businesses, have been particularly 
affected by the economic malaise during the past three fiscal years.  However, 
because of the diversification of the Company's leases in dollar amount and 
geographical location, any continued weakening in the economy should have no 
material impact on the Company's overall cash flow.  The collection of 
delinquent lease balances remains one of the Company's top priorities, 
resulting in a shifting of staff priorities to the collection and legal 
functions.

    The allowance for doubtful accounts was 7.5% of total finance lease 
receivables at April 30, 1995 which management believes is adequate for future 
write-offs on the Company's aggregate lease receivables as of April 30, 1995.  
See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  Charge-offs as a 
percentage of average aggregate future lease receivables were 10.61%, 4.20%, 
4.37%, 2.55%, and 2.14% for the fiscal years ended April 30, 1995, 1994, 1993, 
1992 and 1991, respectively.  Gross chargeoffs increased during the fiscal year 
ended April 30, 1993 as a result of the change from a manual to computerized 
legal tracking system in the legal area, prompting additional charge-offs of 
leases deemed uncollectible as a result of an additional review of all 
delinquent accounts undertaken during the conversion.  During the fiscal year 
ended April 30, 1995, management conducted an extensive review of the 
collectibility of all past due accounts, and further increased the amount of 
write-offs in those situations where further costs in pursuing legal remedies 
in collection were unwarranted.  This analysis considered the post-judgment 
filing costs associated with the Company's methods of collection, including but 
not limited to bank, wage, personal property, and real estate foreclosure, and 
the possibility of recovery exceeding those costs based upon the financial 
condition of the lessee.  As a result, the amount of write-offs during the 
fiscal year ended April 30, 1995 represents a dramatic increase, while the 
amount of past-due accounts decreased proportionately.  While the writeoffs of 
delinquent lease receivables increased dramatically during the fiscal year 
ended April 30, 1995, management considers the type of leases previously 
entered into to be a contributing factor to the increased writeoffs.  As the 
credit quality and character of new leases to be generated improves, the 
percentage of future writeoffs is expected to decrease as the need for 
continuing provisions for doubtful accounts is reduced.


                                       8
<PAGE>
<PAGE>10
    ANALYSIS OF DELINQUENCIES

    The Company's collection department follows a seven day cycle with regard 
to collection of delinquent leases and maintains status reports of each 
contact.  During the fiscal year ended April 30, 1994, management integrated 
its data processing capabilities with its collection efforts to make the 
collection effort more efficient.  On the 7th, 14th and 21st day after a 
delinquent lease payment is due, a reminder is sent requesting payment.  On the 
28th and 35th day after a payment is due, a written collection letter is sent 
to the lessee.  On the 42nd day after the due date, a mailgram is sent from the 
collection department demanding payment of the delinquent balance.  On the 
49th, 56th and 63rd day after payments are initially due, additional letters 
are sent demanding immediate payment.  On the 70th and 77th day, an attorney's 
letter is sent informing the lessee that suit will commence if payment is not 
received immediately.  On the 84th day after the due date, an attorney letter 
informing the lessee of immediate suit is sent.  On the 91st day, the case is 
referred to local counsel for suit.  As of April 30, 1995 and 1994, 
approximately $3,723,593 and $4,709,748, respectively, of direct finance lease 
receivables based on a strict total contractual basis of the aggregate balance 
remaining of each lease (not based upon recency of last payment) were 12 or 
more months past due.  During the fiscal years ended April 30, 1995 and 1994, 
net collections from cases referred to local attorneys for suit were 
approximately $1,379,000 and $1,626,000, respectively.  The amount collected 
during fiscal 1995 decreased in proportion to the overall decrease in past due 
lease receivables reflected in the chart which follows.  An increase during 
fiscal 1994 resulted from changes in the attorneys engaged in the collection of 
delinquent receivables and management's efforts in streamlining the procedures 
employed in collections by local attorneys.  The results of these efforts are 
reflected in the decrease in payments delinquent four or more months past due 
in the table which follows.

    The Company recognizes as income over the entire term of the leases the 
difference between the total rents scheduled to be collected along with the 
estimated residual value of the equipment at the end of the lease term, less 
the cost of the equipment.  The income from all leases continue to be 
recognized, even if payments are delinquent for any number of months.  The 
Company sets aside from its income a provision for anticipated losses from 
delinquencies.  See Footnote 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

    Leases are written-off only if there is an adverse court decision, 
bankruptcy, settlement, or unwarranted further costs of collecting 
insignificant lease balances, and assigned counsel in the state where the 
lessee does business has determined that further action in recovering the debt 
is unwarranted.  The Company does not repossess equipment on underlying 
delinquent leases (except for certain instances under federal bankruptcy laws) 
which may be over 24 months past due as repossession would compromise the 
Company's ability to recover a money judgment equal to the total remaining 
payments due under the lease contract.  When the equipment is returned to the 
Company, the Company maintains an inventory of the repossessed equipment until 
it can be re-let or sold.  The Company writes down the carrying value of this 
equipment to its forced sale value when it is repossessed.  As of April 30, 
1995, the Company maintained an inventory of repossessed equipment in the 
amount of $90,854, and established reserves of $81,108 to reduce the carrying 
value to the equipment's estimated, realizable forced sale value.


                                       9
<PAGE>
<PAGE>11
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
ANALYSIS OF DELINQUENCIES, continued
                                                    1995                   1994                  1993
                                                $          %           $          %          $          %   
                                           -------------------     ------------------    -------------------
<S>                                        <C>            <C>      <C>           <C>     <C>           <C>
Aggregate Future Lease Receivables         $18,829,268    100.0    $20,979,917   100.0   $21,739,601   100.0


 Current                                    11,763,768     62.4     13,003,138    62.0    13,451,303    61.9


 Past Due - Two Monthly Payments             1,178,983      6.3      1,017,320     4.8     1,074,887     4.9


 Past Due - Three Monthly Payments             485,901      2.6        359,982     1.7       402,282     1.9


 Past Due - Four or More Monthly Payments    5,400,616     28.7      6,599,477    31.5     6,811,129    31.3


Aggregate Future Lease
 Receivables - Twelve or More
 Months Past Due                             3,723,593     19.8      4,709,748    22.4     4,762,421    21.9


Aggregate Future Lease
 Receivables - Twenty-Four
 or More Months Past Due                     2,394,188     12.7      2,957,453    14.1         *
<FN>
*  Information Unavailable

</TABLE>
                                                              10
<PAGE>
<PAGE>12
<TABLE>
ANALYSIS OF BAD DEBT WRITE-OFFS
<CAPTION>
                                          Fiscal Years Ended April 30,
                                      1995             1994            1993  
                               -----------      -----------     -----------
<S>                            <C>              <C>             <C>
Aggregate Future
 Lease Receivables             $18,829,268      $20,979,917     $21,739,601

Provisions for
 Doubtful Accounts               1,635,963          792,879       1,143,471

Gross Charge-Offs                2,118,607          899,690         932,546

Gross Recoveries                     7,575            2,592             352

Net Charge-Offs                  2,111,032          897,098         932,194

Average Outstanding Future
 Lease Receivables              19,904,593       21,359,759      21,348,751

Percent of Net Charge-Offs 
 to Average Net Lease
 Receivables                         10.61%            4.20%           4.37%

Allowance for Doubtful
 Lease Receivables               1,413,389        1,888,458       1,992,677

Percent of Allowance for
 Doubtful Lease Receivables
 to Aggregate Future Lease
 Receivables                           7.5%             9.0%            9.2%

Percent of Allowance for
 Doubtful Lease Receivables
 to Aggregate Future Lease
 Receivables Past Due Four or
 More Monthly Payments                26.2%            28.6%           29.3%
</TABLE>
    METHODS OF FINANCING

    The Company, in order to conduct its business, must have the financial 
resources with which to purchase the equipment it leases.  The funds for such 
purchases have been generated during the past three fiscal years primarily 
from net proceeds from sale of debt securities and receipt of rental payments.  
In the past, the Company and ELCOA have registered and sold debt securities to 
the public to fund the purchase of equipment for lease.

    The Company intends to continue its registration and sale of Senior Thrift 
Certificates during the next fiscal year.  It does not intend to issue any 
securities which will be senior to the Senior Thrift Certificates previously 
issued and currently outstanding absent any unforeseeable circumstances, 
although there are no restrictions on any such issuances of additional debt.  
These senior debt securities will carry interest rates which are expected to 
be lower than the outstanding subordinated debt obligations.  ELCOA's offer 
and sale of Demand and Fixed Rate Certificates are also expected to provide a

                                       11

<PAGE>
<PAGE>13
substantial source of funds.  Proceeds of sale from these securities will 
replace existing indebtedness at maturity, and provide additional funds for 
the purchase of equipment for lease.  See Notes 3, 4 and 5 to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements.

    In an effort to increase the utilization of its lease origination, 
administrative, and servicing capabilities, and to reduce the cost per lease 
for providing these services, the Company could, in the future, market these 
services on a fee basis to other companies, including financial institutions.  
The Company believes this would allow it to offset certain fixed costs without 
requiring increases in new funds raised through sales of its senior debt or 
other financing.

    During the fiscal years ended April 30, 1995 and 1994, the Company was 
approached by other organizations seeking to sell all or a portion of their 
small-ticket leasing portfolios, including savings & loans and other small 
leasing companies.  Management determined that the offers received were 
unacceptable due to problems with documentations, original credit 
investigations, lack of any warranties associated with any contemplated 
purchase, and yield requirements of the sellers.  During the fiscal year 
ended April 30, 1995, management responded to a solicitation for bids to 
purchase a portfolio of leases taken by the Pennsylvania Insurance Commission 
in connection with the rehabilitation of a domiciled insurance company that 
operated a small-ticket leasing company.  While the Company determined that a 
cash bid was unwarranted, it submitted an acceptable bid to collect and 
administer the portfolio of leases for a contingency fee of fifty percent (50%)
of the gross leases collected.  On May 18, 1995, the Company signed an 
agreement with the Office of Liquidations and Rehabilitations of the 
Pennsylvania Insurance Commission to collect and administer this portfolio of 
approximately 75 leases having an aggregate lease balance of approximately 
$1,800,000.  Due to the material delinquencies associated with a portion of 
this portfolio, management is not yet able to determine what, if any, amounts 
are anticipated to be collected in the next fiscal year from its efforts.  
However, management does not believe that it will incur any additional costs 
in the administration and collection of these leases as a result of its 
established back-office personnel and procedures.

    The Company has been engaged to perform certain lease origination 
functions (i.e. marketing, credit investigation, and documentation processing) 
on behalf of its wholly-owned subsidiary, ELCOA, for which it will be paid an 
amount equal to four percent (4%) of the gross equipment purchases by the 
Company for lease, plus reimbursement for any direct selling expenses, 
principally commissions to outside lease brokers.  ELCOA purchases its 
equipment for lease from Walnut.  Walnut relies upon a variety of equipment 
vendors located throughout the United States, none of which is responsible for 
supplying 5% or more of their total equipment purchases.  ELCOA relies upon 
Walnut's facilities and staff to develop its leases.  Under terms of an option 
agreement, ELCOA has the continuing right of first refusal to purchase newly 
acquired equipment, as well as the related leases, when Walnut has equipment 
available for sale.  This agreement continues until terminated by the mutual 
agreement of the parties in writing.  In addition, the Company will receive 
six dollars fifty cents ($6.50) per month per outstanding lease for performing 
certain administrative functions for ELCOA, notably invoicing of monthly 
rentals, collection of lease receivables and residual values, management 
guidance, personnel, financing, and the furnishing of office and computer
                                       12
<PAGE>
<PAGE>14
facilities, under a Service Contract.  All rentals received on behalf of ELCOA 
are segregated, processed and deposited into an escrow account pursuant to a 
written agreement.  Management believes that the terms of purchase are at 
least as favorable as those available from unaffiliated third parties.

    It should be noted that although the Company's rental income from its 
lessees is fixed at the inception of each lease, its net income from a given 
lease is affected by changes in the interest rate it pays on borrowed funds.  
To the extent that the interest rates charged by any financial institution 
that may hypothecate leases or the interest rates that the Company pays on its 
debt securities increase, the Company must pay any such increased cost without 
having the ability to increase its rental charges on existing leases.

    ELCOA registered for sale on January 6, 1995 a $29,000,000 offering of 
Demand and Fixed Rate Certificates.  As of June 1, 1995, approximately 
$10,000,000 of these securities had been sold.  ELCOA intends to register for 
sale during the fiscal year ending April 30, 1996 additional debt securities 
to supplant the balance remaining to be sold.  ELCOA's sale of additional debt 
securities, which are similar to Walnut's Senior Thrift Certificates, will 
allow the Company to increase the funds of the consolidated group thereby 
enabling the Company to increase the amount of equipment purchased for lease.  
The Company anticipates ELCOA's cost of funds in connection with the sale of 
ELCOA's securities to be less than the Company's, thus allowing the Company 
and ELCOA to maintain competitive lease rates in the market to attract new 
business.  This will result in increased cost efficiencies in lease 
origination and administration expenses to the consolidated group, as fixed 
costs of operations would be allocated over a greater number of new leases 
generated.

    ELCOA's costs of operations are in direct proportion to the size of its 
lease portfolio.  Since ELCOA is a subsidiary of the Company, both companies 
are consolidated for financial statement purposes in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles, whereby all intercompany accounts are 
eliminated in the preparation of consolidated financial statements.  The 
transfer of assets that capitalized ELCOA did not change the total assets, 
liabilities, or shareholders' deficit of the Company on May 23, 1986.  
However, in the event of the reorganization or liquidation of the Company, the 
claims of holders of ELCOA's debt securities would have a higher priority than 
claims which would be asserted by a holder of the Company's debt against 
ELCOA's assets.

    To the extent that the volume of new lease receivables to be generated in 
the future increases as management anticipates, the Company believes that 
lease securitization may provide both the additional funding for and increased 
revenues in conjunction with future growth.  Reference is made to the "Summary 
of the Offering" section of the prospectus dated January 13, 1995 relative to 
the offering and sale of the Company's Senior Thrift Certificates.  The 
Company anticipates that such sales under a lease securitization program may 
commence during the fiscal year ending April 30, 1996, although no such sales 
have occurred to date, as a result of a lack of any increase in new lease 
volume, and excess cash on hand.

                                       13
<PAGE>
<PAGE>15
    EMPLOYEES

    The Company employs approximately 60 full and part-time persons and 
considers its relationship with its employees to be satisfactory.

    DATA PROCESSING

    Almost all of the Company's bookkeeping or recordkeeping is performed by 
electronic data processing utilizing programs developed and owned by Financial 
Data, Inc., a subsidiary of Walnut Associates, Inc. Walnut Associates Inc. is 
an affiliate of ELCOA and also the owner of all of the outstanding stock of 
the Company. See Footnote 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  The 
programs are designed to permit the growth of the Company's business without a 
significant increase in bookkeeping or recordkeeping costs.  In the opinion of 
management, the Company maintains sufficient duplicate records to safeguard 
its information.

    COMPETITION

    Equipment leasing and related businesses are highly competitive, and 
competition may increase.  A number of concerns are engaged in the same types 
of business as the Company, including: (1) finance divisions, affiliates or 
subsidiaries of suppliers which sell products leased by the Company; (2) banks 
or their affiliates; (3) other leasing and finance companies, including ELCOA; 
and (4) independently-formed partnerships operated for the specific purpose of 
leasing equipment.  Many of these organizations have greater financial or 
other resources than the Company and, therefore, may be able to obtain funds 
on terms more favorable than those available to the Company.  This may permit 
such organizations to offer lease terms which the Company could not match.  
Also, such organizations may have competitive advantages including their 
affiliation with vendors and their nationwide leasing organizations, or their 
ability to offer "floor planning" programs which is the financing of an 
equipment vendor's unsold inventory.

    The Company seeks to compete primarily on the basis of service (by 
providing simplified documents, prompt credit decisions, and by accepting a 
multitude of types of equipment for lease) to a particular segment of the 
industry, (i.e. small-ticket items), and by making its services available 
nationwide (both urban and rural).  It does not limit itself geographically to 
regional sales offices as do some of its competitors, but extends its services 
through use of toll-free telephone lines, facsimile transmission, and the 
mail.  The Company cannot compete for larger ticket items where rate is a 
factor, because of its higher cost of funds, and therefore must limit itself 
to the small-ticket market.

Item 2.  PROPERTIES

    The Company subleases from Walnut Associates, Inc. approximately 12,600 
rentable square feet at its headquarters located at 101 W. City Avenue, Bala 
Cynwyd, PA.  The lease for office space terminates on August 31, 1995 and will 
not be renewed.  The Company is presently in the final stages of negotiation 
for new office space beginning September 1, 1995.  Walnut Associates, Inc. 
sublets 252 square feet to Welco Securities, Inc., 768 to Financial Data, 
Inc., and 1,344 to the law offices of William Shapiro, Esq., P.C., all of

                                       14
<PAGE>
<PAGE>16
which are affiliates of the Company.  Future minimum rental payments from the 
Company are anticipated to be due as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
    Fiscal Year Ending
         April 30,            Amount
    ------------------        ------
    <S>                     <C>
           1996             $ 65,636

</TABLE>
    The Company also leases approximately 4,300 square feet of warehouse and 
print shop facilities at 15 South 4th Street, Fernwood, Pennsylvania, from 
Walnut Associates, Inc., the Company's sole shareholder of common stock.  The 
terms of the lease provide for an annual rental of $3.00 per square foot 
payable at $1,075 per month for the period from April 1, 1992 through March 
31, 1997, with an option for an additional five year renewal thereafter.  
Commitments for rental payments are due as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
    Fiscal Year Ending
        April 30,            Amount
    ------------------       ------
    <S>                     <C>
          1996              $12,900
          1997               11,825
                            -------
                  Total     $24,725
                            =======
</TABLE>
    ELCOA leases its own office space and conference room facilities at 501 
Silverside Road, Wilmington, Delaware.  The lease for this space continues on 
a month to month basis with 60 days notice.

Item 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

    There are no legal proceedings or actions pending or threatened against 
the Company or to which its property is subject, which management believes 
would have a materially adverse effect on the Company.


Item 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

    There were no matters submitted during the fourth quarter of the fiscal 
year covered by this report to a vote of security holders.

                                    PART II


Item 5.  MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON STOCK AND RELATED
         STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

    As of June 30, 1995, the Company's common stock was held by one entity as 
set forth in Item 12 of this Form 10-K.  There is no public market for the 
Company's common stock.  The Company has paid no dividends during the past two 
years with respect to its common stock.

                                       15
<PAGE>
<PAGE>17
<TABLE>
ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
The following summarizes certain financial information with respect to the Company for the five years ended April 30, 1995, 
and should be read in conjunction with the discussion at "MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS" and the "Consolidated Financial Statements."
<CAPTION>
                                                     Year Ended April 30,
                                 1995          1994          1993          1992          1991
                           ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------
<S>                        <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>       
OPERATING RESULTS:
Operating Revenue          $3,979,146    $3,960,337    $4,027,780    $3,577,772    $2,831,226
Interest Expense, net       4,313,253     4,094,189     3,637,908     3,205,121     2,775,715
Net Loss                   (5,064,166)   (4,082,175)   (3,864,576)   (3,078,250)   (2,950,490)
BALANCE SHEET DATA:
Total Assets               25,443,367    25,479,099    22,277,616    18,246,128    14,891,656
Demand, Fixed Rate, and
  Money Market Thrift
  Certificates             24,521,875    21,810,991    18,041,504    12,867,678     8,777,787
Senior Thrift
  Certificates             18,783,578    16,650,670    14,085,849    11,713,791     9,631,291
Subordinated Thrift
  Certificates              6,025,366     6,038,409     6,138,830     6,390,450     7,046,487
Subordinated Debentures         5,858         5,858         7,718         7,718        11,500
Shareholders' Deficit (2) (30,043,116)  (24,978,950)  (20,896,775)  (17,030,006)  (13,948,947)
OTHER FINANCIAL DATA
% of Interest Expense
   to Operating Revenue         108.4%        103.4%         90.3%         89.6%         98.0%
Ratio of Earnings
   to Fixed Charges (1)           ---           ---           ---           ---           ---
Aggregate New Leases
   Entered                 10,189,624    10,168,874    11,293,059    13,218,230     8,771,452
Aggregate Finance Lease
   Receivables             18,829,268    20,979,917    21,739,601    20,957,501    16,297,123
<FN>
(1)  The ratios of earnings to fixed charges were computed by dividing pre-tax income plus fixed charges and preferred 
dividend requirements by the amount of fixed charges and preferred dividend requirements.  For the years ended April 30, 
1995, 1994, 1993, 1992, and 1991, the ratio of earnings to fixed charges was less than "1."  During those years, earnings 
were inadequate to cover fixed charges  (including preferred dividend requirements) by $5,064,166, $4,082,175, $3,866,769, 
$3,081,059, and $2,989,980, respectively.

(2)  See "Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Deficit" for the three fiscal years ended April 30, 1995.
</TABLE>
                                                              16
<PAGE>
<PAGE>18

ITEM 7.        MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
                      CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

THREE YEARS ENDED APRIL 30, 1995

    REVENUES FROM LEASE CONTRACTS AND RENTALS

    The consolidated financial statements and references herein include the 
operations and obligations of the Company, including ELCOA, its wholly-owned 
subsidiary.  Total operating revenues were $3,979,146, $3,960,337, and 
$4,027,780 for the three fiscal years ended April 30, 1995, 1994, and 1993, 
respectively.  Revenues increased by $18,809, or .47% during the fiscal year 
ended April 30, 1995 as a result of the increase in new leases generated during 
the fiscal year.  Revenues decreased during the fiscal year ended April 30, 
1994 as a result of the decline in both the level of new leases originated 
during the year in comparison to the prior year, and the reduction in the 
outstanding amount of direct finance lease receivables.  See Footnote 1 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements.  Management attributes the increased 
operating losses during fiscal 1995 and 1994 to either stagnant or decreasing 
revenues in conjunction with an increase in interest expense, due in part to 
excess interest paid on higher cash balances awaiting investment in leases over 
yields from investment of those funds in short-term, liquid investments.  The 
increase in the provision for doubtful lease receivables and interest expense 
accounted for the increased losses from operations during the fiscal year ended 
April 30, 1995 over 1994.

    Aggregate new finance lease receivables increased by $20,750 to 
$10,189,624, a .20% increase, during the fiscal year ended April 30, 1995.  New 
lease volume has either remained stagnant or decreased during the past two 
fiscal years, in part due to a nationwide economic slowdown and reduction in 
consumer confidence, the Company's decision during the second quarter of the 
fiscal year ended April 30, 1993 to discontinue accepting new lease 
applications for equipment it considers overpriced, including but not limited 
to credit card processing machinery, water coolers, and security surveillance 
systems, and the lack of success of the Company's prior marketing programs.  
The Company recognized during the middle of the fiscal year ended April 30, 
1993 that certain types of equipment resulted in higher delinquencies and 
charge-offs due to general dissatisfaction with this equipment by the lessees.  
In eliminating these types of equipment, therefore, the Company had to seek 
other sources of commercial equipment for lease.  Recognizing the need to 
emphasize other types of equipment, the Company implemented an alternative 
marketing plan during the last half of the fiscal year ended April 30 ,1993.  
New lease volume during the second half of the fiscal year ended April 30, 1993 
of $4,760,456 increased to $5,124,061 during the last half of the fiscal year 
ended April 30, 1994.  This reflected the beginning of some success in the 
Company's revised marketing strategy and shift in emphasis.  The  emphasis is 
to diversify the types of equipment being leased.  The new types of equipment 
include, but are not limited to business computers, office equipment, 
scientific and medical, food service, as well as industrial production 
equipment. 

                                       17
<PAGE>
<PAGE>19
    The average new lease receivable entered during the fiscal year ended April 
30, 1995 was $4,696, representing an increase of 3.6% from the prior year.  
Since a significant portion of the costs associated with the origination of new 
leases is fixed in nature, the Company's recent marketing efforts are expected 
to increase the average size of new leases, which will result in a decrease in 
the cost of lease origination on a lease-by-lease basis.

    The Company expects to further refine its marketing strategy during fiscal 
1996 as a result of its experiences during the past fiscal year.  See "Further 
Refinements in Marketing Strategy and Efforts to Reduce Operating Losses".  As 
a result of the previous lack in growth of new lease receivables, unearned 
income under finance lease contracts decreased by $428,645 and $439,663 during 
the fiscal years ended April 30, 1995 and 1994, respectively.  See the 
Consolidated Balance Sheet and Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

    Income earned under direct finance lease contracts were $3,965,846, 
$3,947,213, and $4,032,273 for the three fiscal years ended April 30, 1995, 
1994 and 1993, respectively.  Total aggregate lease receivables outstanding 
were $18,829,268, $20,979,917, and $21,739,601 at April 30, 1995, 1994 and 
1993, respectively.  The Company's average net investment in direct finance 
leases, defined as the average aggregate future amounts receivable under lease 
contracts plus average estimated residual value of equipment, less average 
unearned income under lease contracts and average advance payments, was 
$17,735,138, $18,852,262, and $18,485,952 during the fiscal years ended April 
30, 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively.  Recognized revenues taken as a 
percentage of the Company's average net investment in direct finance leases was 
22.4%, 20.9%, and 21.8%, respectively, during the fiscal years ended April 30, 
1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively.  As the average size of new leases 
increased, the yields on new leases reflected a slight decrease.  An increase 
in late charges during the fiscal years ended April 30, 1995 and 1994 accounted 
for the increase in the percentage of recognized revenues during the period.  
See also Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

    In analyzing the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements, it is 
therefore important to note the relationship between new lease volume added 
during an accounting period and the net lease revenue and income reported for 
that period.  Net lease revenue recognized by the Company during an accounting 
period is defined to be the income earned under direct finance lease contracts. 
New lease volume is the total of all new lease contracts added to the portfolio 
during the period.  As a consequence, during a period in which the rate of 
growth of new lease volume increases, the growth rate of net lease revenue in 
that period will be less than the rate of growth in new lease volume, because 
the income earned from new lease volume is recognized over the term of each 
lease contract and not in the year the contract is entered.  On the other hand, 
certain expenses recognized by the Company during an accounting period, such as 
the provision for doubtful lease receivables, are more directly related to the 
aggregate amount of outstanding leases during that period.  Thus, 
current-period expenses are more dramatically impacted by the growth in new 
lease receivables than is net lease revenue.  As a result of the foregoing 
factors, net lease revenue will in turn grow at a slower rate than the rate of 
growth in net lease volume during periods of increasing rates of growth in new 
lease volume.  In periods of decreased rates of lease volume growth, the 
foregoing relationships would be reversed.



                                       18
<PAGE>
<PAGE>20
    As noted in the Independent Auditor's Report on page 29 and Note 1 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company's ability to continue as a going 
concern is dependent in part upon achievement of sustained profitable 
operations and obtaining adequate financing sources.  This depends on achieving 
a higher level of new lease volume than current levels of new business, and the 
raising of additional funds through the sale of the Certificates, the proceeds 
of which cannot be assured.  The Company is unable to ascertain the minimum net 
proceeds required to remove any threat to the continuation of the Company's 
business.  Management has initiated measures as detailed below which it 
believes will result in an increase in direct finance leases entered in the 
next fiscal year, along with a corresponding increase in operating revenues.  
In addition, management is attempting to limit the growth, if any, in related 
lease origination expenses.  Increased new lease volume is expected to result 
from continuing to maintain relationships with equipment manufacturers.  In an 
effort to continue as a going concern, the Company has expanded its marketing 
efforts to increase its future volume of new leases to greater utilize its 
fixed cost "back-office" facilities.  To the extent the Company's marketing 
efforts result in a greater volume of new business, the fixed cost 
"back-office" facilities will become a proportionately smaller cost as a 
percentage of each new lease.  Management believes that as a result of the 
relatively fixed nature of these costs, a further increase in new lease 
receivables will not increase lease origination and administrative expenses by 
a proportionate percentage.  See also "BUSINESS".

    If in the future the volume of leases exceeds the Company's ability to 
finance such leases, it may sell the excess new business on a fee basis to 
other financial institutions, giving first priority to its wholly-owned 
subsidiary, ELCOA, as a result of its option agreement, and then to other 
financial institutions through the securitization process seeking to increase 
their asset-based portfolio of receivables.  No assurances can be given as to 
the ability to sell such excess new business.  Since ELCOA's funds have 
historically carried longer maturity dates than the Company's, the Company 
expects to sell substantially all of its longer term leases (i.e. 24 months or 
more) to ELCOA as its funds become available.  Substantially all new leases 
with terms of 24 months or more were sold to ELCOA during the fiscal years 
ended April 30, 1995 and 1994.

    The Company's income is set at the time a given lease contract is executed. 
Consequently, inflation has no impact on revenue subsequent to the inception of 
any given lease.  In addition, inflation has not had a material effect on the 
Company's operating expenses.  However, the increased reliance on variable rate 
borrowings resulting from the sale of senior debt subjects the Company to 
increased exposure to inflation because of the risk of increased interest 
rates.  In the event that redemption of senior and subordinated debt exceeds 
future sales of such debt, the Company may be required to replace the 
indebtedness through other borrowings.  To the extent that loans would be at 
variable interest rates, inflation would have a significant adverse impact on 
the company's operations through increased costs of borrowing.

    INTEREST EXPENSE

    Increased borrowings contributed to the increase in interest expense for 
the fiscal years ended April 30, 1995, 1994, and 1993.  The effect of interest 
rates on the Company during the three years ended April 30, 1995 can be 
illustrated as follows:


                                       19
<PAGE>
<PAGE>21
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               Years Ended April 30,

                                           1995           1994           1993
                                     ----------     ----------     ----------
<S>                                  <C>            <C>            <C>
Interest Expense, net                $4,313,253     $4,094,189     $3,637,908
Average Rate of Interest
 Paid by the Company on
 Total Average Debt Outstanding             9.0%           9.3%           9.7%
Percentage of Interest
 Expense to Operating Revenues            108.4%         103.4%          90.3%
</TABLE>
    Aggregate average borrowings, including accrued interest, were $52,028,899, 
$45,821,927 and $38,267,702, at April 30, 1995, 1994, and 1993, respectively.  
Rates on outstanding debt securities decreased during the three fiscal years 
ended April 30, 1995 in line with decreases in interest rates in general over 
the period.  The increase in debt outstanding during the fiscal year ended 
April 30, 1993, resulted from increased sales of debt securities, which were 
necessary to fund equipment purchases for new aggregate lease receivables 
entered during that period.  The increase in total debt during the fiscal years 
ended April 30, 1995 and 1994 resulted in excess cash balances on hand at the 
end of the fiscal year.  Since excess funds are invested at lower rates than 
the interest paid on these funds, the Company incurs additional expense on 
excess funds.  See "Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and "Capital 
Resources and Liquidity."  Increased borrowings during the fiscal years ended 
April 30, 1995, 1994 and 1993 also were used to fund current operations and 
debt redemptions.  Beginning May 1, 1994, excess funds have been maintained in 
highly liquid U.S. government securities of six months or less, which yield 
higher rates than comparable term bank investments but less than the Company's 
cost of funds.

    OTHER EXPENSES

    Lease origination expenses decreased by $65,812 or 5.8%, after having 
decreased by $31,151 or 2.7% during the fiscal years ended April 30, 1995 and 
1994, respectively.  The Company, utilizing its printing and graphic arts 
facilities, produces brochures for the manufacturers to mail to their dealer 
distribution network.  These costs are expensed as current period charges in 
conjunction with the Company's lease origination efforts.  This program met 
with limited success through 1993, as a number of manufacturers either 
overlooked the distribution of these materials or lacked the technology and 
machinery necessary to mail the brochures in bulk.  During the months of 
February and March, 1993, over 75 manufacturers representing less than 10 
different industries were participating in this program.  In an effort to 
minimize the costs associated with the program, those manufacturers with whom 
little, if any, new business was being generated were dropped from the mailing 
list.  By the end of the fiscal year ended April 30, 1993, the Company had 
scaled back its efforts to less than 10 manufacturers.  In an effort to 
increase new lease volume during fiscal year ended April 30, 1994, the Company 
utilized telemarketing by its account executives to contact equipment 
manufacturers solely for the purpose of having the manufacturer cooperate with 
the Company in contacting their dealers directly to acquaint them with using 
leasing as a sales tool.  The Company believed that repetitive contacts with an 
increasing number of equipment dealers, generated either through the use of 
direct mail or these cooperative efforts, would lead to further increase in new 
                                       20
<PAGE>
<PAGE>22
lease volume. See "Business - Marketing."  See "Further Refinements in 
Marketing Strategy and Efforts to Reduce Operating Losses" for a further 
discussion of the Company's lease origination efforts during the fiscal year 
ended April 30, 1995.

    Lease origination expenses, including capitalized commissions, totaled 
11.0%, 11.5%, and 11.1% of new lease receivables entered during the fiscal 
years ended April 30, 1995, 1994, and 1993, respectively.  During the fiscal 
years ended April 30, 1995, 1994 and 1993, commissions paid of $52,049, $40,222 
and $87,746, respectively, were capitalized as part of the equipment cost.  
These commissions decreased during the fiscal year ended April 30, 1994, in 
part, as a result of the Company's discontinuance of accepting new leases from 
outside lease brokers.  In accordance with SFAS 91, indirect expenses relating 
to lease applications not booked are chargeable in the year incurred and are 
not capitalized.  See "BUSINESS-Marketing."

    General and administrative expenses increased $652 or .03% during the 
fiscal year ended April 30, 1995, after having increased $73,831 or 3.8% during 
the fiscal year ended April 30, 1994.  The increase for the fiscal year ended 
April 30, 1994 is attributable to increases in legal costs principally 
associated with collection of delinquent lease receivables.  Routine salary 
increases and costs paid for transfer service fees associated with the 
Company's and ELCOA's offerings of debt securities accounted for the increase 
during the fiscal year ended April 30, 1993.  The Company expects general and 
administrative expenses to remain relatively constant during fiscal 1996 as was 
experienced in the previous year, due to the relatively fixed nature of these 
costs.  The Company considers the costs associated with receivable collections, 
which accounted for approximately 30% and 29% of general and administrative 
expenses during fiscal 1995 and 1994, respectively, to be principally fixed as 
they already include occupancy costs sufficient for increased personnel, 
management and supervisory personnel already hired, and computerized collection 
and billing procedures already in place.  The collections associated with 
increased volume will require only additional clerical staff at an immaterial 
incremental cost.  These collections costs associated with legal collections 
may increase due to court costs and associated fees.

    An allowance for doubtful direct finance lease receivables is maintained at 
a level considered adequate to provide for estimated losses that will be 
incurred in the collection of these receivables.  The allowance is increased by 
provisions charged to operating expense and reduced by charge-offs.  Beginning 
May 1, 1988, the Company increased the allowance by provisions based upon a 
periodic evaluation of the lease portfolio, performed at least quarterly, in 
accordance with SFAS 91.  See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
and "BUSINESS - Credit Policy."

    Total provisions for doubtful lease receivables for the fiscal years ended 
April 30, 1995, 1994, and 1993 were $1,635,963, $792,879, and $1,143,471, 
respectively.  See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  The 
increased provisions for the fiscal year ended April 30, 1995 resulted from 
additional write-offs of delinquent past due receivables in conjunction with an 
intensive review of all delinquent accounts in comparing the costs of further 
legal pursuit of the Company's remedies in collection where the anticipated 
results were unwarranted in light of any recoveries expected.  As a result, the 
amount of outstanding past due receivables decreased during the fiscal year 
ending April 30, 1995.  Also, as of April 30, 1995, 1994 and 1993, the ratio of

                                       21
<PAGE>
<PAGE>23
the  Allowance for Doubtful Lease Receivables to Aggregate Future Lease 
Receivables was 7.5%, 9.0% and 9.2%, respectively. During these periods, the 
ratio of the Allowance for Doubtful Lease Receivables expressed as a percentage 
of delinquent receivables 90 days or more past due was 26.2%, 28.6% and 29.3%, 
respectively.  The Company attributes the decreased percentages to its 
intensified collection efforts, which resulted in a decrease in delinquent 
lease receivables during the fiscal years ended April 30, 1995 and 1994.  See 
"BUSINESS - Analysis of Delinquencies" and "Analysis of Bad Debt Write-Offs."

FURTHER REFINEMENTS IN MARKETING STRATEGY AND EFFORTS TO REDUCE OPERATING 
LOSSES

    Management initiated certain measures to refine its marketing strategy 
during the fiscal year ended April 30, 1995 that it believes may result in an 
increase in the levels of new leases to be generated in the future.  The 
Company must increase the level of new leases and control its costs of lease 
origination and administration in order to reduce its operating losses.

    Management initiated certain changes beginning in September, 1994 to 
enhance its previous direct mail marketing program.  The Company began to 
purchase and/or internally obtain from equipment manufacturers nationwide lists 
of commercial equipment vendors in industries such as office machinery, light 
industrial equipment, data processing and peripheral equipment, along with food 
service and preparation equipment, among others.  By October 31, 1994, the 
Company had obtained in excess of 50,000 names and information of additional 
potential equipment vendors, manufacturers, and other distributors which were 
put into its computer database.  The Company had eliminated the costs 
associated with indirect mail solicitation in favor of utilizing its in-house 
account executives who were responsible to contact vendors in target groups of 
equipment sellers, and to solicit interest in their using the Company's leasing 
services as a sales tool.  Once a vendor expressed interest in receiving 
further information, the Company's marketing materials were forwarded to the 
equipment vendor.  The account executives were expected to maintain further 
contact with the equipment sellers to implement the relationships of the 
equipment sellers with the Company, and the Company utilized direct mail solely 
to send bi-weekly reminders to interested vendors to use the Company's 
services.

    As noted above, the level of new lease volume during the fiscal year ended 
April 30, 1995 increased slightly from the prior year as a result of these 
efforts.  Management realized that repetitive telephone solicitation to remind 
equipment vendors of the availability of the Company's services were dependent 
on the timing of availability of new lease applications from equipment vendors. 
Once an equipment vendor has been placed on the Company's database for 
bi-weekly follow-up by mail, further telephone contact is useless until such 
time as the need for the Company's services arises from the equipment vendor.  
Management did note, however, that in situations where the equipment 
manufacturer encouraged their vendors to utilize the Company's leasing services 
to assist in closing equipment sales, the vendors were more receptive to 
utilizing the Company's services.

    In this regard, beginning during January, 1995, the Company began to target 
equipment manufacturers having a broad sales distribution network (primarily 
those with at least $5 million in annual sales and at lease one hundred

                                       22
<PAGE>
<PAGE>24
equipment distributors and vendors) to offer them a "private label lease 
program" customized for their distributors' needs.  Manufacturers are given the 
option of utilizing a personalized, i.e. "private label" to separately identify 
themselves and the Company to their vendors.  For example, a relationship 
between TEC America, Inc., a manufacturer of cash registers and point-of-sale 
equipment and the Company have created "TEC America Leasing" as a fictitious 
name on behalf of the Company.  This private label lease program is intended to 
encourage TEC America Inc.'s dealers, branches and distributors to utilize the 
Company's leasing services to implement their sales potential with the ultimate 
users to implement their sales potential with the ultimate users of TEC America 
Inc.'s equipment.  As of July 5, 1995, the Company had entered into agreements 
with twenty-three equipment manufacturers, of which thirteen have adopted the 
"private label lease" facilities to their benefit.  These manufacturers have 
minimum sales of $5,000,000 annually, and as high as $1 billion or more.  The 
Company expects to continue these specific marketing efforts to increase the 
number of manufacturers who will utilize these services.  Because of the 
evident need of this type of program by manufacturers, the Company is seeking 
additional personnel to reach a larger number of manufacturers.  In this way, 
the Company accepts responsibility for the origination, servicing, and funding 
for lease transactions from each manufacturer for new leases from the 
manufacturers distributors using the Company's forms and documentation 
customized with the equipment manufacturers' name.  The Company uses its 
in-house printing and direct mail facilities to produce flyers and brochures to 
be distributed throughout each manufacturers' sales distribution network 
illustrating the benefits of leasing, to facilitate sales of the manufactures' 
equipment.  The Company is encouraged by the initial positive reaction received 
from the equipment manufacturers, and intends to further emphasize this program 
during the fiscal year ended April 30, 1996 as a means towards increasing new 
lease volume.

    CAPITAL RESOURCES AND LIQUIDITY

    The Company has financed its new business during the past three fiscal 
years primarily from the proceeds of its senior borrowings, rental collections 
from outstanding lease receivables, and the proceeds from sale of ELCOA's debt 
securities.

    The Certificates issued by ELCOA, the Company's wholly-owned subsidiary, 
funded approximately 80% of new purchases of equipment for lease during the 
fiscal year ended April 30, 1995.  The registration and offering of additional 
senior debt obligations by the Company will fund the remainder.  See "BUSINESS 
- - Methods of Financing."  During the three fiscal years ended April 30, 1995, 
1994 and 1993, new Certificates of ELCOA in the approximate amounts of 
$6,100,000, $5,600,000, and $6,600,000, respectively, funded new equipment 
purchases for the Company.  The Company has not experienced any difficulty in 
financing the purchase of equipment that it leases at current levels.

    The Company's existing lease contracts, as of April 30, 1995, schedule the 
receipt of approximately $10,450,000 during the twelve months ending April 30, 
1996 of which approximately $3,835,000 are scheduled receipts from accounts 
which are two or more months past due.  At April 30, 1995 aggregate future 
amounts receivable under lease contracts were $18,829,268 of which 
approximately $3,724,000 all future amounts receivable from accounts which were 
12 or more months past due on a strict contractual basis, (of which 
approximately $3,189,000 relate to ELCOA's leases.)

                                       23
<PAGE>
<PAGE>25
    Accounts payable and accrued expenses at April 30, 1995 excluding accrued 
interest on debt, totaled $729,657 of which accounts payable of $477,296 
included therein represent the Company's obligation for commitments for 
purchase of equipment for lease which has not yet been delivered.

    As of April 30, 1995 the Company and ELCOA also had unhypothecated leases 
which could be hypothecated, on a discounted basis, to obtain funds of 
approximately $9,500,000, cash of approximately $2,600,000, and an investment 
in short term U.S. government securities (net) of approximately $6,350,000.  
Available cash is intended to fund increases in new equipment to be purchased 
for lease, of which there are no assurances.  To the extent that the Company 
retains excess cash in liquid investments such as bank money market accounts or 
short-term U.S. government securities, its interest expense associated with the 
funds will exceed any investment income, thereby increasing the cost of 
maintaining such funds prior to investment in new lease receivables.  The 
Company's ability to invest excess funds is dependent upon its success with its 
lease marketing efforts.  See "Business - Marketing" and "Further Refinements 
in Marketing Strategy and Efforts to Reduce Operating Losses."  Hypothecation 
is the use of lease contract receivables, on a discounted basis, as collateral 
for the borrowing of funds from third parties, based on the eligible net lease 
receivables (excluding delinquent lease receivables) for the remaining lease 
term, which are pledged as collateral.  To date, unhypothecated lease contracts 
have not been pledged as collateral.  Should the Company hypothecate leases for 
the purposes of raising funds, such actions require approval and authorization 
of the Company's Board of Directors only.  The Company also expects ELCOA, its 
wholly-owned subsidiary, based on historical experience and efforts being 
undertaken by Welco in its solicitation efforts as underwriter for ELCOA's debt 
securities, to be able to generate increased funds for the purchase of 
equipment for lease which the Company will originate  and service for lease.  
As noted in the Statements of Cash Flows on page 34, sales of Demand and Fixed 
Rate Certificates have increased over the three fiscal years ended April 30, 
1995, along with a corresponding increase in the redemption of these securities 
at their respective maturities.  In the event that future redemptions of 
Certificates exceed future sales of the Certificates to be offered, ELCOA may 
utilize its excess cash to repay such borrowings.  ELCOA believes that it has 
sufficient cash resources to meet its normal operating requirements during the 
fiscal year ending April 30, 1996.  ELCOA registered for sale $29,000,000 of 
debt securities on January 6, 1995, of which $10,000,000 were issued through 
May 31, 1995.  ELCOA's debt securities range in terms of demand to 120 months.  
ELCOA has sold similar securities since 1986.  Welco utilizes public 
advertising in soliciting for prospective purchasers for these debt securities. 
Welco also has entered into selected dealer agreements with other NASD firms 
who have sold ELCOA's securities to their customers.  See "BUSINESS - Methods 
of Financing."

    Senior and subordinated borrowings issued by the Company aggregating 
$22,171,378, as well as Demand, Fixed Rate, and Money Market Thrift 
Certificates issued by ELCOA aggregating $17,024,697 are due during the twelve 
months ending April 30, 1996. See Notes 3, 4, and 5 to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements.  These certificates may be renewed at the option of the 
holder into new indebtedness at the maturity of the original certificate.  
Accrued interest included therein in the amount of $5,411,748 is due on demand. 
The Company anticipates that based on historical experience a significant 
portion of the senior and subordinated debt and Demand, Fixed Rate

                                       24
<PAGE>
<PAGE>26
and Money Market Thrift Certificates previously issued by ELCOA coming due 
should be renewed or "rolled over" into senior debt or ELCOA Certificates by 
the security holders, although there are no assurances in this regard.  Should 
debt due in fiscal 1996 not be rolled over into new indebtedness by the holder, 
repayment will be made to the holder from available cash on hand, liquidation 
of receivables in the ordinary course of business, possible hypothecation of 
leases, and from proceeds of sale of Certificates.  Due to the continuous 
nature of the offering of Certificates, outstanding securities mature daily 
rather than a large percentage maturing at any given day.  Outstanding lease 
contracts are payable on a monthly basis at varying terms.  As such, the 
Company is unable to estimate with any certainty the relationship between the 
available sources of funds to be allocated specifically for redemption of 
maturing securities, especially in light of prescribed limitations on 
redemptions.  During the fiscal years ended April 30, 1995 and 1994, 
approximately 86% and 81%, respectively, of all debt issued by the Company 
coming due was renewed and "rolled over" into new indebtedness, and 
approximately 50% and 59% of ELCOA's Demand, Fixed Rate, and Money Market 
Thrift Certificates matured and were reinvested during these respective 
periods.  Management attributes the lower percentage during fiscal 1994 to a 
slight decline in interest rates in general.

    The number of accounts, at April 30, 1995, holding senior and subordinated 
certificates of the Company was 2,616.  Of these, 84 accounts held certificates 
aggregating $50,000 or more.  For purposes of these calculations, all accounts 
for each separate holder have been aggregated as a single account holder.  The 
three largest senior and subordinated certificate holders held aggregate 
principal amounts of $636,964, $526,938 and $224,032 as of April 30, 1995.  As 
of April 30, 1995, there were 3,815 accounts holding Demand, Fixed Rate and 
Money Market Thrift Certificates, of which 71 held accounts aggregating $50,000 
or more.  The three largest holders of Demand, Fixed Rate and Money Market 
Thrift Certificates held aggregate principal amounts of $413,500, $245,077 and 
$210,682 at April 30, 1995.  The Company does not believe that this results in 
an undue concentration of debt being held by relatively few individuals.  In 
the event of ELCOA's liquidation, holders of Demand, Fixed Rate and Money 
Market Thrift Certificates would be senior in priority to claims against 
ELCOA's assets.  Therefore, they would effectively be senior to the 
Certificates. There are no other debt securities issued by the Company which 
are senior to the Certificates.

    In addition to the Company's expectation of renewals, the Company intends 
to raise additional financing to fund increases in new lease volume through the 
sale of debt securities.  See "BUSINESS - Methods of Financing."  The Company 
could also sell a portion of its lease portfolio to other financial 
institutions seeking to increase their asset-based receivable portfolio through 
the securitization process.  In such event, the Company would immediately 
recognize as income the net present value of the remaining lease payments at an 
agreeable discounted rate, less its investment in the cost of the equipment 
being leased.  Cash realized from sale would immediately be available to invest 
in new lease business, or meet redemptions of debt securities, thus reducing 
reliance on additional debt to carry an increased lease portfolio.



                                       25
<PAGE>
<PAGE>27
    The Company would not expect to borrow funds from financial institutions, 
but expects in the alternative to sell certain leases rather than carrying them 
for the remaining term of the leases, providing additional liquidity to meet 
redemptions of debt securities in excess of the Company's expectations, of 
which there are no assurances.  The long term effect of utilizing these 
proceeds to meet redemptions would be the reduction of outstanding receivables 
and related income therefrom.

    Taking into consideration the Company's prior experience in the sale of 
senior debt based on historical expectations and the sale of Demand and Fixed 
Rate Certificates by ELCOA (of which there is no assurance), as well as new 
business, available credit, the Company's available cash, anticipated renewal 
or "roll over" of a portion of the Company's senior and subordinated 
borrowings, and the potential from funds generated from outside financial 
institutions, including, but not limited to ELCOA, it is management's belief 
that its cash will be sufficient to conduct its business and meet its 
anticipated obligations during the next fiscal year.  No assurance can be 
given, however, that the redemption of senior and subordinated borrowings will 
not exceed the Company's expectations or that a significant amount of senior 
debt will be sold.  In view of the Company's history of losses, the uncertainty 
with respect to generation of new lease receivables and future interest rates 
paid to banks and holders of senior and subordinated borrowings, the potential 
redemption of senior and subordinated borrowings and Demand, Fixed Rate and 
Money Market Thrift Certificates and the uncertainty as to the sale of future 
offerings of securities, management is unable to estimate the Company's 
profitability and liquidity beyond the current fiscal year.  If the Company 
continues to have losses, it may be unable to service its debts in future 
years.  Reference is made to Notes 2, 3, 4, and 5 of the Consolidated Financial 
Statements for information relating to future amounts receivable under lease 
contracts, the Company's senior and subordinated borrowings and ELCOA's Demand, 
Fixed Rate and Money Market Thrift Certificates.

    Although the Company has reported losses since 1980 for financial statement 
purposes, it has supported operations through rentals received from its lessees 
and the sale of debt securities.  However, in  view of its  high  degree of 
leverage and history of losses, future losses could jeopardize its leasing 
operations and the ability to service its debt.  The Company believes that 
increases in new lease receivables without any appreciable increase in lease 
origination or general and administrative expenses will reduce the level of its 
operating losses in the future.  Due to the current shareholders' deficit, if 
the Company were to liquidate in the near future, holders of the subordinated 
thrift certificates probably would lose substantially all of their investment, 
with holders of the outstanding preferred and common stock losing all of their 
investment.  

    Excess funds have historically been invested in low yielding but highly 
liquid investments.  These funds have been held solely for the purpose of 
awaiting investment in new lease receivables.  During the fiscal year ended 
April 30, 1995, the average interest rate earned by the Company on these funds 
was approximately 4.9%, while the average interest rate paid on outstanding 
certificates attributable to the funds was 9.0%, resulting in a negative spread 
of 4.1%.  The decision by the Federal Reserve during the first quarter of 
calendar year 1994 to increase rates in general may have reduced this "negative 
spread".  However, there are no assurances of either future increases or

                                       26
<PAGE>
<PAGE>28
decreases in interest rates.  Management has placed a high priority of 
increasing the purchase of equipment for lease in order to reduce the available 
amount of cash on hand.

    To date, neither the Company nor ELCOA has ever defaulted on any 
contractual payment of interest or principal on any bank borrowings, senior or 
subordinated debt obligations, or Demand, Fixed Rate and Money Market Thrift 
Certificates issued to the public.  All requests for early repayment of 
interest or principal have never been later than five business days after 
demand for redemption was received.












































                                       27
<PAGE>
<PAGE>29


Item 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

<TABLE>
Index To Financial Statements
<CAPTION>

                                                                       Page
                                                                       ----
         <S>                                                            <C>
         (a)  Independent Auditor's Reports                            29

         (b)  Consolidated Balance Sheets at April 30, 
              1995 and 1994.                                            30-31

         (c)  Consolidated Statement of Operations for
              the years ended April 30, 1995, 1994 and 1993.            32

         (d)  Consolidated Statement of Changes in
              Shareholders' Deficit for the years
              ended April 30, 1995, 1994 and 1993.                      33

         (e)  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
              for the years ended April 30, 1995, 1994,
              and 1993.                                                 34-35

         (f)  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.               36

</TABLE>
See Item 14 on Page 50 for Financial Statement Schedules























                                       28
<PAGE>
<PAGE>30
                          INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT


To the Shareholders and Board of Directors
of Walnut Equipment Leasing Co., Inc.


We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Walnut 
Equipment Leasing Co., Inc. (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Walnut Associates, 
Inc.) and subsidiaries as of April 30, 1995 and 1994, and the related 
consolidated statements of operations, changes in shareholders' deficit and 
cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended April 30, 1995.  
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management.  
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements 
based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing 
standards.  These standards require that we plan and perform the audit to 
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of 
material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence 
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.  An audit 
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant 
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial 
statement presentation.  We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis 
for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above 
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Walnut 
Equipment Leasing Co., Inc. and subsidiaries as of April 30, 1995 and 1994, 
and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three 
years in the period ended April 30, 1995, in conformity with generally 
accepted accounting principles.

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that Walnut 
Equipment Leasing Co., Inc. and subsidiaries will continue as a going concern 
and, accordingly, contemplate the realization of assets and liquidation of 
liabilities in the ordinary course of business.  As discussed in Note 1 to the 
consolidated financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses 
and experienced negative cash flows from operations and has a shareholders' 
deficit.  Additionally, the Company's ability to meet its obligations is 
dependent in part upon its ability to obtain borrowings adequate to fund its 
cash flow needs.  These uncertainties raise substantial doubt about the 
entity's ability to continue as a going concern.  Management's plans in regard 
to these matters are also discussed in Note 1.  The consolidated financial 
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome 
of these uncertainties.


/s/  Cogen Sklar LLP
COGEN SKLAR LLP
(formerly, Cogen Sklar Levick)

Bala Cynwyd, Pennsylvania
July 7, 1995


                                       29
<PAGE>
<PAGE>31
<TABLE>
                       WALNUT EQUIPMENT LEASING CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                                    CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
<CAPTION>


                                                                            April 30,
                                                                        1995          1994
                                                                 -----------   -----------
<S>                                                             <C>            <C>
ASSETS

Direct finance leases:
    Aggregate future amounts receivable under lease contracts    $18,829,268   $20,979,917
    Estimated residual value of equipment                          1,976,244     2,178,259
    Less:
      Unearned income under lease contracts                       (3,436,458)   (3,865,103)
      Advance payments                                            (  579,965)   (  611,887)
                                                                  ----------    ----------

                                                                  16,789,089    18,681,186
      Allowance for doubtful lease receivables                    (1,413,389)   (1,888,458)
                                                                  ----------    ----------

                                                                  15,375,700    16,792,728
                                                                  ----------    ----------
Operating leases:
    Equipment at cost, less accumulated depreciation of
     $6,680 and $19,184, respectively                                 23,316        23,579
    Accounts receivable                                                  ---         7,166
Cash and cash equivalents                                          8,957,949     7,598,151
Other assets (includes $637,479 and $634,567, respectively,
 paid to or receivable from related parties)                       1,086,402     1,057,475
                                                                 -----------   -----------

    Total assets                                                 $25,443,367   $25,479,099
                                                                 ===========   ===========











<FN>


                                  See accompanying notes
</TABLE>
                                            30

<PAGE>
<PAGE>32
<TABLE>

                     WALNUT EQUIPMENT LEASING CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES                           
                          CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS - (continued)

<CAPTION>
                                                                            April 30,
                                                                        1995          1994
                                                                 -----------   -----------
<S>                                                              <C>           <C>
LIABILITIES

Amounts payable to equipment suppliers                           $   477,296   $   701,508
Other accounts payable and accrued expenses                          252,361       438,768
Demand, Fixed Rate and Money Market Thrift Certificates
 (includes $181,266, and $167,617,
 respectively, held by related parties)                           24,521,875    21,810,991
Senior Thrift Certificates (includes $697,706 and
 $583,372, respectively, held by related parties)                 18,783,578    16,650,670
Subordinated Thrift Certificates (includes $555,844 and
 $438,624, respectively, held by related parties)                  6,025,366     6,038,409
Accrued interest                                                   5,411,748     4,803,444
Subordinated debentures (includes $4,000 and $4,000,
 respectively, held by related parties)                                5,858         5,858
State income taxes payable                                             8,401         8,401
                                                                  ----------    ----------

                                                                  55,486,483    50,458,049
                                                                  ----------    ----------

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

SHAREHOLDERS' DEFICIT

Prime Rate Cumulative Preferred Shares, $1 par value,
 $100 per share liquidation preference, 50,000 shares
 authorized, 281 shares issued and outstanding
 (liquidation preference $28,100)                                        281           281
Adjustable Rate Cumulative Preferred Shares, $1 par value,
 $1000 per share liquidation preference.  1,000 shares
 authorized, 275 shares issued and outstanding
 (liquidation preference $275,000)                                       275           275
Common stock, $1.00 par value, 1,000 shares authorized,
 issued and outstanding                                              101,500       101,500
Accumulated Deficit                                              (30,145,172)  (25,081,006)
                                                                 -----------   -----------

                                                                 (30,043,116)  (24,978,950)
                                                                 -----------   -----------

    Total liabilities and shareholders' deficit                  $25,443,367   $25,479,099
                                                                 ===========   ===========

<FN>
                                           See accompanying notes            
</TABLE>
                                                     31            

<PAGE>
<PAGE>33
<TABLE>
              WALNUT EQUIPMENT LEASING CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES                    
                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS                    
<CAPTION>

                                                   For the Years Ended April 30,

                                                1995           1994           1993
                                          ----------     ----------     ----------
<S>                                       <C>            <C>            <C>       
Revenue:
   Income earned under
    direct finance lease
    contracts                             $3,965,846     $3,947,213     $4,032,273
   Operating lease rentals                    13,300         13,124         (4,493)
                                          ----------     ----------     ----------
                                           3,979,146      3,960,337      4,027,780
                                          ----------     ----------     ----------
Costs and expenses:
    Interest expense, net of
     interest income of $380,370,
     $170,963 and $59,224, respectively    4,313,253      4,094,189      3,637,908
    Lease origination
     expenses                              1,067,962      1,133,774      1,164,925
    General and
     administrative expenses
     (includes $800,864, $802,323
     and $716,313, respectively,
     paid to related parties)              2,019,029      2,018,377      1,944,546
    Provision for doubtful
     lease receivables                     1,635,963        792,879      1,143,471
    Depreciation on operating
     lease equipment                           7,105          3,293            578
                                          ----------     ----------     ----------

                                           9,043,312      8,042,512      7,891,428
 Loss from operations                     ----------     ----------     ----------
     before provision for
     state income taxes                   (5,064,166)    (4,082,175)    (3,863,648)

Provision for state
     income taxes                                ---            ---            928
                                         -----------    -----------    -----------
Net Loss                                 $(5,064,166)   $(4,082,175)   ($3,864,576)
                                         ===========    ===========    ===========

<FN>





                                 See accompanying notes           
</TABLE>
                                           32           
<PAGE>
<PAGE>34
<TABLE>
                                               WALNUT EQUIPMENT LEASING CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                                            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS' DEFICIT
                                                For the Years Ended April 30, 1995, 1994 and 1993
<CAPTION>

                                       Prime Rate         Adjustable Rate                                       Total
                                       Cumulative            Cumulative          Common      Accumulated      Shareholders'
                                    Preferred Shares      Preferred Shares       Stock       Deficit          Deficit      
                                    ----------------      ----------------       ------      -----------      ------------
                                   Shares                 Shares
                                   Issued     Amount      Issued    Amount
                                   ------     ------      ------    ------
<S>                                 <C>      <C>           <C>      <C>        <C>          <C>               <C>
Balance, April 30, 1992               281    $ 2,474         275    $  275     $101,500     $(17,134,255)     $(17,030,006)

Net loss for the year ended
 April 30, 1993                       ---        ---         ---       ---          ---       (3,864,576)       (3,864,576)
 Preferred Shares
 Cash distributions paid on
 Prime Rate Cumulative
 Preferred Shares                     ---     (2,193)        ---       ---          ---              ---            (2,193)
                                    -----     ------       -----    ------      -------      -----------      ------------
Balance, April 30, 1993               281        281         275       275      101,500      (20,998,831)      (20,896,775)

Net loss for the year ended
 April 30, 1994                       ---        ---         ---       ---          ---       (4,082,175)       (4,082,175)
                                    -----     ------       -----    ------      -------      -----------      ------------
Balance, April 30, 1994               281        281         275       275      101,500      (25,081,006)      (24,978,950)

Net loss for the year ended
 April 30 1995                        ---        ---         ---       ---          ---       (5,064,166)       (5,064,166)
                                    -----    -------       -----    ------     --------      ------------      -----------
Balance, April 30, 1995               281    $   281         275    $  275     $101,500     $(30,145,172)     $(30,043,116)
                                    =====    =======       =====    ======     ========     =============     =============

<FN>

                                                        See accompanying notes                      
</TABLE>
                                                                  33
<PAGE>
<PAGE>35
<TABLE>

                 WALNUT EQUIPMENT LEASING CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
   
<CAPTION>

                                            For the Years Ended April 30,

                                         1995              1994              1993
                                  -----------       -----------      ------------
<S>                               <C>               <C>              <C>
OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Net Loss                          $(5,064,166)      $(4,082,175)     $(3,864,576)
Adjustments to reconcile
   net loss income to net cash
   used in operating activities:
   Depreciation                         7,105             3,293              578
   Amortization of deferred debt
      registration expenses           121,402           120,187          116,857
   Provision for doubtful
      lease receivables             1,635,963           792,879        1,143,471
Effects of changes
   in other operating items:
   Accrued interest                   608,304           742,864          839,295
Amounts payable to
   equipment suppliers               (224,212)          225,129         (244,907)
Other (net), principally
   increase in other assets          (330,663)         (130,041)         (73,736)
Net cash used in                  -----------        ----------      -----------
   operating activities            (3,246,267)       (2,327,864)      (2,083,018)
                                  -----------        ----------      -----------

INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Excess of cash received over
   lease income recorded            7,374,851         6,958,716        6,071,318
Increase (decrease) in
   advance payments                   (31,922)           14,282           (7,281)
Purchase of equipment
   for  lease                      (7,567,613)       (7,548,795)      (8,064,528)
Net cash used in investing        -----------        ----------      -----------
   activities                        (224,684)         (575,797)      (2,000,491)
                                  -----------        ----------      -----------






<FN>

                                  See accompanying notes
</TABLE>
                                            34
<PAGE>
<PAGE>36
<TABLE>


                 WALNUT EQUIPMENT LEASING CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS - (continued)
 
<CAPTION>

                                            For the Years Ended April 30,

                                         1995              1994              1993
                                  -----------       -----------      ------------
<S>                               <C>               <C>              <C>
FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Proceeds from issuance of:
   Demand and Fixed Rate
   Certificates                    10,983,417         9,267,808        9,350,863
   Senior Thrift Certificates       5,488,212         5,827,132        4,381,209
Redemption of:
   Subordinated Debentures                ---            (1,860)             ---
   Demand, Fixed Rate and
   Money Market Thrift
   Certificates                    (8,272,533)       (5,498,321)     (4,177,037)
   Senior Thrift Certificates      (3,355,304)       (3,262,311)     (2,009,151)
   Subordinated Thrift
   Certificates                       (13,043)         (100,421)       (251,620)
Distributions Paid:
   Prime Rate Cumulative
   Preferred Shares                       ---               ---          (2,193)
                                  -----------        ----------      ----------
   Net cash provided by
   financing activities             4,830,749         6,232,027       7,292,071
                                  -----------        ----------      ----------
Increase in Cash
   and Cash Equivalents             1,359,798         3,328,366       3,208,562
Cash and Cash Equivalents, 
   Beginning of Year                7,598,151         4,269,785       1,061,223
                                  -----------        ----------      ----------
Cash and Cash Equivalents,
   End of Year                     $8,957,949        $7,598,151      $4,269,785
                                  ===========        ==========      ==========








<FN>

                                See accompanying notes 
</TABLE>
                                          35
<PAGE>
<PAGE>37
              WALNUT EQUIPMENT LEASING CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

    1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES:

        BASIS OF FINANCIAL STATEMENT PRESENTATION:

    The consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared on 
a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and 
satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business.  Accordingly, the 
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to 
the recoverability of recorded assets, or the amount of liabilities that may be 
necessary should the Company be unable to continue in the normal course of 
business.

    During the years ended April 30, 1995, 1994 and 1993, the Company incurred 
losses of $5,064,166, $4,082,175, and $3,864,576, respectively, had negative 
cash flows from operations during those years, and reported accumulated 
deficits of $30,145,172 and $25,081,006 at April 30, 1995 and 1994, 
respectively.  The Company's current results of operations, financial position 
and the uncertainties which exist as to future levels of new business, interest 
rates and potential redemptions of senior and subordinated borrowings currently 
outstanding, and its ability to sell additional debt securities as may be 
required, may result in the Company's inability to continue operating in the 
normal course of business.  Continuation of the Company's operations in their 
present form is dependent upon the achievement of sustained profitable 
operations, through increased new business generated by the Company, continued 
ability to service debts as they mature, and the ability to generate sufficient 
cash resources to support future operations.  If the Company continues to incur 
losses, or is unable to obtain additional funds, it may be unable to continue 
servicing its debts.

    Management has attempted to initiate measures to improve the operating 
results and business levels through changes in its marketing strategy, and is 
placing a high priority in these efforts.  In 1986, in an effort to increase 
the utilization of its lease origination, administrative, and servicing 
capabilities, and to reduce the cost per lease of providing these services, the 
Company decided to commence the marketing of these services on a fee basis to 
other companies, including ELCOA.  To date, this service has generated no 
significant revenues from unrelated parties.  See also Note 10, below.  In 
addition, management believes that the Company's cash flow through the sale of 
securities, anticipated renewal of existing indebtedness, and from collections 
from outstanding lease receivables, will be adequate to meet operating needs 
during the ensuing year. See further discussions contained in "MANAGEMENT'S 
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS".

    PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION:

    The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company, 
(with its subsidiaries, including ELCOA, the "Company"), all of which are 
wholly-owned.  All intercompany transactions have been eliminated.



                                       36
<PAGE>
<PAGE>38
              WALNUT EQUIPMENT LEASING CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

    1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES:  (Continued)

    LEASE ACCOUNTING:

    The Company is in the business of leasing equipment which is specifically 
acquired for each lease.  For financial reporting purposes, the Company 
primarily uses the direct financing method and records at the inception of the 
lease (a) the estimated unguaranteed residual value of the leased equipment and 
the aggregate amount of rentals due under the lease as the gross investment in 
the lease, and (b) the unearned income arising from the lease, represented by 
the excess of (a) over the cost of the leased equipment.  The unearned income 
is recognized as income over the term of the lease on the effective or 
"interest" method in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting 
Standards No. 91, "Accounting for Nonrefundable Fees and Costs Associated with 
Originating or Acquiring Loans and Initial Direct Costs of Leases"  ("SFAS 
91").  In addition, under this method, a portion of the initial direct costs as 
defined by SFAS 91 are accounted for as part of the investment in direct 
financing leases.  All the other costs are included as lease origination 
expenses in the period when incurred.

    Where the lease qualifies as an operating lease pursuant to the 
requirements of SFAS No. 13,  "Accounting for Leases", the Company recognizes 
lease rental payments as income in the period earned and depreciates the cost 
of equipment subject to the lease over its estimated useful life using an 
accelerated method of depreciation.

    INCOME TAXES:

    The Company computes and records income taxes currently payable based upon 
the determination of taxable income using the "operating method" for all 
leases, which is different from the method used in the determination of pretax 
income for financial statement purposes (as described above).  Under the 
"operating method" the Company reports as income the amount of rentals received 
or accrued and deducts the amount of depreciation (principally under the 
Accelerated Cost Recovery System) of the equipment over its estimated useful 
life.  Other expenses are recognized utilizing the accrual method of 
accounting.

    Effective May 1, 1993, the Company adopted Statement of Financial 
Accounting Standard No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes" (SFAS 109), which 
requires an asset and liability approach to financial accounting and reporting 
for income taxes.  Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed 
annually for differences between the financial statement and tax bases of 
assets and liabilities that will result in taxable or deductible amounts in the 
future based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which 
the differences are expected to affect taxable income.  Valuation allowances 
are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount 
expected to be realized.  Income tax expense is the tax payable or refundable 
for the period plus or minus the change during the period in deferred tax 
assets and liabilities.

                                       37
<PAGE>
<PAGE>39
              WALNUT EQUIPMENT LEASING CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

    1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES:  (Continued)

    The net deferred tax asset as of April 30, 1995 and 1994 includes deferred 
tax assets (liabilities) attributable to the following temporary deductible 
(taxable) differences:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                              1995        1994
                                                        ----------  ----------
<S>                                                     <C>         <C>
    Operating lease method vs. direct finance method    $3,000,800  $3,002,200
    Provision for doubtful lease receivables               473,200     736,500
    Other                                                  (35,000)    (24,700)
                                                        ----------  ----------
    Net deferred tax asset                               3,439,000   3,714,000
    Valuation allowance                                 (3,439,000) (3,714,000)
                                                        ----------  ----------
    Net deferred tax asset after valuation allowance    $      ---  $      ---
                                                        ==========  ==========
</TABLE>

    A valuation allowance was required as of April 30, 1995 and 1994 due to the 
net operating loss carryover of approximately $21,182,000 and $15,609,000, 
respectively, and investment tax credit carryover of approximately $1,284,000, 
and $1,395,000, respectively.  Due to the valuation allowance for the 
carryforwards there is no net change in deferred tax assets for the fiscal year 
ended April 30, 1995.  There was no cumulative effect on income for prior years 
upon the adopting of SFAS 109 for the year ended April 30, 1994 since there was 
no existing deferred tax asset as of May 1, 1993.

    Both the Company and ELCOA will be included in a consolidated federal 
income tax return.  If the consolidated group incurs a federal income tax 
liability, each company's share will be based upon the tax allocation policy of 
the consolidated group.  However, the Company and ELCOA will not file a 
consolidated income tax return for state income tax purposes.  Each company 
will be subject to state income taxation on each Company's separate income as 
computed for state tax purposes.  During the fiscal years ended April 30, 1995, 
1994, and 1993, ELCOA recognized provisions for state income taxes in the 
amount of $0, $0 and $928  respectively, on its separate income.  No provision 
for federal income taxes was necessary.

    LATE CHARGES: 

    Terms of the Company's lease contracts include provisions for assessing a 
monthly late charge on any past due amounts.  Revenues from late charges 
collected were approximately $418,000, $372,000, and $323,000 during the fiscal 
years ended April 30, 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively.



                                       38
<PAGE>
<PAGE>40
              WALNUT EQUIPMENT LEASING CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

    1.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES:  (continued)

    ESTIMATED RESIDUAL VALUES OF EQUIPMENT UNDER DIRECT FINANCE LEASES:

    The Company generally offers an option to purchase the leased equipment 
upon expiration of the lease term at fair market value, approximately 10% of 
the original equipment cost.  Residual value of this equipment is generally 
established at the anticipated purchase option price.  The estimated 
unguaranteed residual values are reviewed at least quarterly by the Company.

    ALLOWANCE FOR DOUBTFUL LEASE RECEIVABLES:

    An allowance for doubtful direct finance lease receivables has been 
maintained at a level considered adequate to provide for estimated losses that 
will be incurred in the collection of these receivables.  The allowance is 
increased by provisions charged to operating expense and reduced by 
charge-offs.

    In accordance with SFAS 91, the allowance was increased by provisions 
charged to operating expense based upon a periodic evaluation, performed at 
least quarterly, of delinquent finance lease receivables, to reflect losses 
anticipated from delinquencies and impairments that have already occurred 
rather than ultimate losses expected over the life of the lease portfolio.  
Each direct finance lease provides that an event of default occurs when a 
lessee fails to remit the required periodic rental payment after 15 days of the 
contractual due date.  The Company considers the contractual amount impaired 
after 90 days past the contractual due date.  The contractual amount is 
considered to be the past due and accelerated payments to become due through 
the end of the contractual lease term.

    OTHER ASETTS

    Included in other assets at April 30, 1995 and 1994, are deferred expenses 
totaling $308,159 and $261,711 net of amortization, respectively, representing 
costs directly related to the Company's registration and sale of Senior Thrift 
Certificates.  Also included in other assets at April 30, 1995 and 1994 are 
deferred expenses totaling $423,223 and $437,812, respectively, net of 
amortization, representing costs related to ELCOA's registration and sale of 
Demand and Fixed Rate Certificates.  Such expenses are being amortized on a 
straight-line basis over the estimated average lives of the debt issued under 
the registration statements.  Amortization of the Company's deferred expenses 
charged to income for the years ended April 30, 1995, 1994 and 1993 amounted to 
approximately $121,400, $120,200 and $116,900, respectively.

    CASH FLOW STATEMENTS

    The Company considers cash invested in short-term, highly liquid 
investments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash 
equivalents.  At April 30, 1995 cash equivalents, consisting of U.S. Government 
Securities amounted to $6,349,693.  The Company had no cash equivalents at 
April 30, 1994.  Interest paid for the fiscal years ended April 30, 1995, 1994 
and 1993 was $4,085,326, $3,522,288 and $2,857,837, respectively.  Income taxes 
paid were $0, $411 and $4,194, respectively.  

                                       39
<PAGE>
<PAGE>41

              WALNUT EQUIPMENT LEASING CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

    1.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES:  (continued)

    CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK

    The concentration of credit risk is limited since the Company's 
small-ticket lease portfolio varies widely as to diversity of equipment types, 
lessees, and geographic location.

    2.  AGGREGATE FUTURE AMOUNTS RECEIVABLE UNDER LEASE CONTRACTS:

    Receivables under financing lease contracts at April 30, 1995 are due as 
follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                   Fiscal Year                Amount
                   -----------           -----------
                  <S>                   <C>
                   1996                  $10,448,003
                   1997                    5,361,504
                   1998                    2,323,441
                   1999                      516,623
                   2000 and beyond           179,697
                                         -----------
                                         $18,829,268
                                         ===========
</TABLE>
    Future rentals due under operating lease contracts are all due within one 
year and, excluding those rentals reflected in operating lease accounts 
receivable, total $3,346 and $6,587 at April 30, 1995 and 1994, respectively.

    3.  DEMAND, FIXED RATE AND MONEY MARKET THRIFT CERTIFICATES:

    The Demand, Fixed Rate and Money Market Thrift Certificates outstanding at 
April 30, 1995 were issued by ELCOA, with outstanding certificates bearing 
interest at rates ranging from 7.0% to 12.75%.  Beginning September 1, 1990, 
the name of these debt securities was changed from Money Market Thrift 
Certificates to Demand and Fixed Rate Certificates.  In the event of 
liquidation of ELCOA, holders of these debt securities would be senior in 
priority in liquidation as respects ELCOA's assets.  Holders of ELCOA's debt 
securities have no right in liquidation as respects the assets of its parent, 
he Company.  All of these certificates rank on parity with each other.  There 
are no restrictive covenants relative to this debt, nor is ELCOA restricted 
from the payment of cash dividends, loans or advances to the Company.  The 
certificates at April 30, 1995 are due as follows:





                                       40
<PAGE>
<PAGE>42
              WALNUT EQUIPMENT LEASING CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

    3.  DEMAND, FIXED RATE AND MONEY MARKET THRIFT CERTIFICATES:  (Continued)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
    Year Ending April 30,                Amount
    ---------------------           -----------
       <S>                          <C>
       1996                         $14,697,989
       1997                           3,138,288
       1998                           1,146,431
       1999                           2,156,743
       2000 and beyond                3,382,424
                                    -----------
                                    $24,521,875
                                    ===========
</TABLE>

    Included in the amount due in the year ending April 30, 1996 are $2,135,337 
of certificates payable on demand.  Additionally, accrued interest of 
$2,326,708 at April 30, 1995 is payable upon demand.

    4.  SENIOR THRIFT CERTIFICATES:

    Outstanding Senior Thrift Certificates bear interest at rates ranging from 
9.00% to 15.50% at April 30, 1995, and in the event of liquidation are senior 
in priority to all outstanding Subordinated Thrift Certificates.  Senior Thrift 
Certificates at April 30, 1995 are due as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
    Year Ending April 30,                Amount
    ---------------------           -----------
    <S>                             <C>
         1996                       $14,089,450
         1997                         1,907,727
         1998                           904,794
         1999                           604,903
         2000 and beyond              1,276,704
                                    -----------
                                    $18,783,578
                                    ===========

</TABLE>
    Included in the amount due in the year ending April 30, 1996 are 
approximately $736,786 in certificates payable on demand.  Accrued interest on 
the Senior Thrift Certificates of $1,337,056 at April 30, 1995 is payable on 
demand.



                                       41
<PAGE>
<PAGE>43
              WALNUT EQUIPMENT LEASING CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

    5.  SUBORDINATED THRIFT CERTIFICATES:  (Continued)

    Outstanding Subordinated Thrift Certificates bear interest at rates ranging 
from 10.00% to 15.8% at April 30, 1995.  All thrift certificates are 
subordinated to any indebtedness defined by the Trust Indenture as "Senior 
Debt" which includes Senior Thrift Certificates, borrowings from banks, trust 
companies and other financial institutions, but excludes subordinated 
debentures.

Subordinated Thrift Certificates at April 30, 1995 are due as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
    Year Ending April 30,               Amount
    ---------------------           ----------
    <S>                             <C>
         1996                       $4,996,887
         1997                          432,704
         1998                          266,942
         1999                          160,927
         2000 and beyond               167,906
                                    ----------
                                    $6,025,366
                                    ==========
</TABLE>
    Included in the amount due in the year ending April 30, 1996 are 
approximately $503,390 of certificates payable on demand.  Accrued interest on 
the Subordinated Thrift Certificates of $1,747,984 at April 30, 1995 is payable 
on demand.

    6.  PREFERRED SHARES:

    In 1982, the Company authorized the issuance of 1,000 shares of $1 par 
value preferred shares of the Company to be referred to as "Adjustable Rate 
Cumulative Preferred Shares."  The President and members of his immediate 
family exchanged $128,900 in principal amount of Subordinated debentures and 
$146,100 in principal amount of Subordinated Thrift Certificates for 275 shares 
of Preferred Stock in 1982.  The issuance of the shares was exempt from federal 
and state securities law registration.

    The Adjustable Rate Cumulative Preferred Shares, which have a $1,000 per 
share liquidation preference, are redeemable at the option of the Company at 
$1,000 per share, plus accrued dividends.  Distributions are cumulative and 
declared and paid monthly at a rate equal to the prime rate but not less than 
12% per annum nor greater than 18% per annum.  There were no distributions 
during the three fiscal years ended April 30, 1995.

    "Prime Rate Cumulative Preferred Shares" have a $100 liquidation preference 
and are redeemable solely at the option of the Company at $105 per share, plus 
accrued dividends.  Distributions are cumulative and are declared and paid 
monthly at a rate equal to the prime rate of interest but not less than 10% nor 
greater than 18% per annum.  During the year ended April 30, 1993 $2,193 in 
distributions were paid out of contributed capital in excess of the par value 
of these shares.
                                       42
<PAGE>
<PAGE>44
              WALNUT EQUIPMENT LEASING CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

    7.  INCOME TAXES:

    The Company has available for federal income tax purposes net operating 
loss carryovers aggregating approximately $21,182,000 ($30,145,000 for 
financial statement purposes) at April 30, 1995.  Such loss carryovers may be 
used to offset future taxable income, if any, until their expiration in varying 
amounts from 2001 to 2008.  The Company also has investment tax credit 
carryovers of approximately $1,284,000 at April 30, 1995 which are available to 
reduce federal income tax liabilities, if any.  Such carryovers expire, if not 
previously utilized, in varying amounts from 1995 through 2002.

    8.  INITIAL DIRECT COSTS:

    Initial direct costs consist principally of commissions, processing, and 
credit approval costs.  In accordance with SFAS No. 91, initial direct costs 
are accounted for as part of the investment in direct financing leases.
Initial direct costs as defined by SFAS No. 91 amounted to $52,049, $40,222 and 
$87,746, for the fiscal years ended April 30, 1995, 1994 and 1993, 
respectively, consisting principally of commissions paid to outside lease 
brokers and salesmen.

    9.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES:

    The Company leases office space and equipment under noncancellable 
operating lease agreements.  Total rental expense charged to operations for the 
years ended April 30, 1995, 1994 and 1993 was approximately $235,200, $226,700 
and $233,400, respectively.

    As of April 30, 1995, the future minimum rental payments under leases are 
as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
         Fiscal Year                 Amount
         ----------                --------
         <S>                       <C>
         1996                      $ 78,536
         1997                        11,825
                                   --------
                      Total        $ 90,361
                                   ========
</TABLE>
10. TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES:

    The Company is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Walnut Associates, Inc., which 
is wholly-owned by Mr. William Shapiro, the President of Walnut Equipment 
Leasing Co., Inc.

    The President received no salary in fiscal years 1995, 1994 and 1993. 
However, the Company paid management fees of $69,000 during each of the fiscal 
years ended April 30, 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively to Walnut Associates, 
Inc., primarily to reimburse it for the services of the President.

    Outstanding Adjustable Rate Cumulative Preferred Shares, Prime Rate 
Cumulative Preferred Shares, Subordinated Debentures, Senior and Subordinated 
Thrift Certificates and Demand, Fixed Rate and Money Market Thrift Certificates 
                                       43
<PAGE>
<PAGE>45
              WALNUT EQUIPMENT LEASING CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

10. TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES:  (Continued)

held by the President, members of his family or companies in which he is the 
majority shareholder at April 30, 1995 and 1994 were as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   1995           1994
                                               --------         -------
<S>                                            <C>              <C>
    Adjustable Rate Cumulative
    Preferred Shares                           $    275         $   275

    Prime Rate Cumulative Preferred Shares          281             281

    Senior Thrift Certificates                  697,706         583,372

    Demand, Fixed Rate and
    Money Market Thrift Certificates            181,266         167,617

    Subordinated Debentures                       4,000           4,000

    Subordinated Thrift Certificates            555,845         438,985
</TABLE>

    For the years ended April 30, 1995, 1994 and 1993, the Company paid Welco 
Securities, Inc., ("Welco") an affiliated registered broker/dealer in 
securities owned by the President of the Company, $135,593, $136,848 and 
$121,833 respectively, for commissions paid in connection with the offering and 
sale of Senior Thrift Certificates.  The Company pays Welco a commission from 
0.2% to 8.0% of the sale price of all Fixed Term Senior Thrift Certificates, 
and amortizes this expense over the term of each certificate.  ELCOA paid Welco 
$170,642, $165,581 and $143,611 for commissions incurred in the solicitation of 
Demand, Fixed Rate and Money Market Thrift Certificates during the fiscal years 
ended April 30, 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively.  ELCOA pays a commission to 
Welco of 0.2% to 8.0% of the sale price on all Demand and Fixed Rate 
Certificates sold, and amortizes this expense over the term of each 
certificate.  During the fiscal year ended April 30, 1995, 1994 and 1993, Welco 
paid rentals of approximately $8,500, $10,200 and $7,200, respectively, on 
equipment leased from the Company.

    The Company expensed $354,783, $342,186 and $304,296 in 1995, 1994 and 
1993, respectively, to a law firm in which the President is the principal 
shareholder.  These payments primarily represent fees for legal services to 
associate attorneys, costs and expenditures relating to collections on 
defaulted leases.

    During the fiscal years ended April 30, 1995 and 1994, the Company incurred 
$69,943 and $81,965, respectively, in transfer agent service fees for the 
issuance and redemption of its Senior and Subordinated Thrift Certificates.  
These fees were paid monthly to Financial Data, Inc., a subsidiary of Walnut 
Associates, Inc.  The monthly amount charged by Financial Data, Inc. is the sum 
of $2.00 per certificate holder account maintained, $1.00 per new or rollover 
certificate issued during the month, or a minimum of $1,000 per month, 
whichever is greater.  Prior to January 1, 1994, the monthly charge per 

                                       44
<PAGE>
<PAGE>46
              WALNUT EQUIPMENT LEASING CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

10. TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES:  (Continued)

certificate holder was $2.50.  During the fiscal years ended April 30, 1995 
and 1994, ELCOA paid $99,595 and $105,334 respectively, to Financial Data, 
Inc. for similar services rendered in connection with its outstanding Demand, 
Fixed Rate and Money Market Thrift Certificates.

    The Company charges Financial Data, Inc. for the use of the Company's 
computer facilities, space, telephone, and personnel.  The amounts charged to 
Financial Data, Inc. during the fiscal years ended April 30, 1995 and 1994 
were $111,592 and $111,491 respectively. As of April 30, 1995, the Company had 
a receivable of $88,264 from Financial Data, Inc.  The ability of Financial 
Data, Inc. to repay this amount is dependent upon increases in the number of 
holders of Demand, Fixed Rate, and Senior Thrift Certificates and related 
charges therefrom.  

    On March 6, 1987, the Company entered into a lease agreement with Walnut 
Associates, Inc. covering approximately 4,300 square feet of warehouse and 
print shop facilities for a five year term, renewable for an additional five 
year term, at an annual rental of $3.00 per square foot for the initial term.  
This lease was renewed for an additional  five year term at the same monthly 
rental through March 31, 1997.  During the fiscal years ended April 30, 1995, 
1994 and 1993, $12,900 in rents each year were paid by the Company to Walnut 
Associates, Inc.

11.  SUBSEQUENT EVENT

    The Board of Directors of the Company have authorized the filing of a 
post-effective amendment to a previously registered registration statement for 
the Company to register the remaining portion of the offering of Senior Thrift 
Certificates which will remain unsold as of August 31, 1995.





















                                       45
<PAGE>
<PAGE>47

Item 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON
         ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

    None


                                    PART III

Item 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

The Directors and Executive Officers of the Company are:

William Shapiro                    (age 72) President and Director
Kenneth S. Shapiro                 (age 43) Vice President
                                            and Director
Deljean Shapiro                    (age 67) Secretary-Treasurer
                                            and Director
Dr. Thomas Matcovich               (age 66) Director
Philip R. Bagley                   (age 68) Director
Lester D. Shapiro                  (age 34) Director

    Director's terms expire May 1, 1996, or when their successors are duly 
elected at the next annual meeting of the stockholders.  The executive 
officers' terms expire when their successors are duly appointed by the Board of 
Directors.

    William Shapiro, the husband of Deljean Shapiro and father of Kenneth and 
Lester Shapiro, holds degrees from the Temple University Schools of Business 
and Law.  He is a practicing attorney and a Certified Public Accountant.  He 
has been the President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of the Company 
since 1969 and devotes substantially all of his time to those duties.  For the 
last thirty-three years, he has been the President, Chief Executive Officer and 
a Director of Walnut Associates, Inc., the parent of the Company.  He has been 
President of William Shapiro, Esq., P.C., a law firm since 1976.  He was also a 
Director of Kulicke and Soffa Industries, Inc. a publicly held manufacturing 
company, through August 1987.  Mr. William Shapiro is the Secretary/Treasurer 
and Director of Welco Securities, Inc. since 1983, the President of Equipment 
Leasing Corporation of America since May, 1986, and President and Director of 
Financial Data, Inc. since 1972.

    Kenneth S. Shapiro, the son of William and Deljean Shapiro and brother of 
Lester Shapiro, is a graduate of Boston University's School of Business and 
School of Law.  He is a practicing attorney and a Certified Public Accountant.  
Upon graduation from law school in 1977, he was employed by Touche Ross & Co., 
Certified Public Accountants, as a Tax Consultant.  In 1977 he became a 
Director of the Company and was employed as its Controller from September 1979 
to 1983, when he became its Vice-President.  In addition to being the 
Vice-President of Walnut, he is the President and a Director of Welco 
Securities, Inc.  He is also on the part-time faculty in Accounting and 
Taxation at Beaver College, Glenside, Pennsylvania.  He also serves as 
Vice-President for Equipment Leasing Corporation of America.


                                       46
<PAGE>
<PAGE>48

    Deljean Shapiro, the wife of William Shapiro, and mother of Kenneth and 
Lester Shapiro, is a graduate of Temple University and has been the Office 
Manager of Walnut Associates, Inc. since its incorporation in 1960.  Prior 
thereto she was a social worker for the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.  She has 
been the Secretary-Treasurer and Director of the Company since 1969, and is 
co-director of KYW's Call-For-Action program in Philadelphia.

    Dr. Thomas Matcovich was, for more than five years prior hereto, a 
Professor of Electrical Engineering at Drexel University, Philadelphia, 
Pennsylvania.  He was also a Director of Kulicke and Soffa Industries, Inc., a 
publicly held manufacturing company, through August, 1987.  He is President of 
Applied Microelectronics, Inc., (a research and development firm) since its 
incorporation in January 1983, and President of Sportronics, Inc., a 
manufacturer of automated diagnostic baseball bats, since January, 1990.  He 
has been a Director of the Company since September, 1983.

    Philip R. Bagley received the degree of Master of Science from 
Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1951.  He was from 1978 to 1984 an 
assistant professor in computer and information sciences at Temple University, 
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.  He was adjunct professor in computer and 
information sciences at Temple University during the 1987-88 academic year.  
With over 40 years experience in the data processing field, he has served as 
President of Information Technology, Inc., (formerly Information Engineering) 
from 1966 to 1977 (a computer systems design and operations center) and since 
February 1980 has been President of the Automated Office, Inc., a firm 
providing professional data processing consultation and services to outside 
clients. He has been a Director of the Company since September, 1983.

    Lester D. Shapiro, the son of William Shapiro and Deljean Shapiro and 
brother of Kenneth S. Shapiro, is a graduate of New York University College of 
Business and Public Administration, having majored in accounting and 
management.  He also received a Masters of Business Administration degree from 
the New York University in June, 1985.  Since 1981, he also has been engaged 
in the purchase and resale of used business equipment on his behalf.  He has 
been a Director of the Company since September, 1983, and is also a Director 
of Equipment Leasing Corporation of America, the Company's wholly-owned 
subsidiary, since May, 1986.

Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

    No Officer or Director of the Company received from the Company aggregate 
direct remuneration during the fiscal year ended April 30, 1995, equal to or 
in excess of $60,000.  The Company has no profit sharing, pension, stock 
option plans or employment agreement in effect and does not expect to adopt 
any such plan or agreement in the near future.  All executive officers as a 
group (consisting of two individuals) earned an aggregate of $127,500 in 
direct or indirect remuneration during the fiscal year ending April 30, 1995 
(consisting in part of a $69,000 annual management fee paid to Walnut 
Associates, Inc., in consideration of the services of Mr. William Shapiro, its 
sole shareholder).  The Company pays directors' fees to outside directors in 
the amount of $350 per director per meeting.

                                       47
<PAGE>
<PAGE>49
Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

    All of the common stock of the Company presently outstanding is owned by 
Walnut Associates, Inc. and 100% of the common stock of Walnut Associates, 
Inc., is beneficially owned by William Shapiro, the President, Director, and 
Chief Executive Officer of the Company.  The principal business address of 
Walnut Associates, Inc. is Suite 2128, 101 West City Avenue, Bala Cynwyd, 
Pennsylvania 19004.  As the sole shareholder, William Shapiro and Walnut 
Associates, Inc., may be deemed "parents" of the Company as that term is 
defined under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.  All of the Company's 
presently outstanding Adjustable Rate Cumulative Preferred Shares are held by 
Mr. William Shapiro and members of his immediate family, individually or in 
joint ownership, as well as $281 in legal capital of Prime Rate Cumulative 
Preferred Shares at April 30, 1995.

Item 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

    There are no employment contracts with any of the Officers or Directors of 
the Company.

    For the three fiscal years ended April 30, 1995, the Company paid yearly 
management service fees of $69,000 to Walnut Associates, Inc. (which is 100% 
owned by William Shapiro).  Management service fees have continued since June, 
1991 at the rate of $5,750 per month, which approximates the monthly operating 
costs and expenses of Walnut Associates, Inc.  These fees are primarily to 
reimburse Walnut Associates for the services provided to the Company by Mr. 
William Shapiro.  The management and servicing activities of Walnut Associates, 
Inc. for which such charges are made also cover broad areas, including 
management guidance, financing and furnishing of office and computer 
facilities.

    Financial Data, Inc., an affiliate of the Company, performs transfer agent 
duties for both the Company and ELCOA and receives monthly fees from both 
companies for its services, which amounted to $169,538 for the fiscal year 
ended April 30, 1995.  Financial Data, Inc. is obligated to reimburse the 
Company for the use of its computer facilities, personnel and miscellaneous 
office expenses, including rent and telephone.  Accrued reimbursements totaled 
$111,592 for the fiscal year ended April 30, 1995.  Financial Data, Inc. owed 
the Company $88,264 at that date.

    Legal services involving collections on defaulted leases were performed for 
the Company and ELCOA by a law firm in which William Shapiro is a principal.  
During fiscal year 1995, Mr. Shapiro's firm received $354,783 as reimbursement 
for legal costs and expenditures incurred on behalf of the Company.  Neither 
William Shapiro nor Kenneth Shapiro are included on the law firm's payroll.

    During fiscal 1995 the Company reimbursed Welco Securities, Inc. ("WELCO") 
an affiliate owned by Mr. William Shapiro, for out-of-pocket expenses incurred 
in connection with the offering and sale of Senior Thrift Certificates.  Both 
Companies pay Welco commissions between 0.2% and 8.0% of the sale price of the 
certificates sold on behalf of the companies.  See Footnote 10 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements.  Both the Company and ELCOA amortize these 
commissions over the terms of the certificates.  During fiscal 1995 and 1994, 
the Company and ELCOA paid Welco Securities, Inc. $306,235 and $302,429,

                                       48

<PAGE>
<PAGE>50
respectively, for commissions and reimbursements of out-of-pocket expenses.  
Neither Kenneth Shapiro nor William Shapiro received any remuneration from 
Welco associated with the sale of these securities.  As of April 30, 1995, 
Welco owed the Company $5,797 for printing and mailing costs paid by the 
Company on Welco's behalf.  During the fiscal year ended April 30, 1995, Welco 
paid rentals of $8,441 on equipment leased from the Company.

    On May 6, 1986, the Company formed a subsidiary, Equipment Leasing 
Corporation of America ("ELCOA") which the Company capitalized initially with 
$1,000,000 in equipment cost and related direct financing leases, in exchange 
for all of the subsidiary's voting common stock.  ELCOA is operated as a 
separate entity, with its own Board of Directors, a majority of the members of 
which are independent of the Company, and maintains its principal office in 
Wilmington, Delaware.  ELCOA has entered into a Service Contract and other 
related agreements with the Company, under the terms of which the Company and 
its present employees will originate, administer and service all of ELCOA's 
leases for a fee.  In addition, the Company has granted to ELCOA a right of 
first refusal to purchase certain equipment and associated leases from the 
Company in excess of the Company's requirements.  See also "BUSINESS - Methods 
of Financing."

    The Company also leases certain warehouse and print shop facilities from 
Walnut Associates, Inc.  Rents paid by the Company to Walnut Associates, Inc. 
totaled $12,900 for the fiscal year ended April 30, 1995.  See also Item 2 to 
this Form 10-K.

    The Company believes the above transactions to have been on terms at least 
as favorable as the Company could have obtained from non-affiliated parties.


    Since the Company and ELCOA are affiliated and share the same officers and 
directors, certain conflicts of interest may arise between the Companies.

    ELCOA competes with the Company in the equipment leasing business.  Should 
both companies have funds available at the same time for acquiring equipment 
and related leases, conflicts of interest may arise as to which company should 
hold and retain the equipment and related leases.  In such situations, the 
officers will analyze the equipment already purchased by the Company and 
investment objectives of the Company and ELCOA.  The officers will make the 
decision as to which company will ultimately retain the equipment and related 
leases, based upon such factors among others, as (a) the amount of cash 
available to the Company and ELCOA, (b) the current and long term liabilities 
of each company, and (c) the effect of such acquisition on the diversification 
of each company's equipment and lease portfolio.  ELCOA has the right of first 
refusal in any equipment and appurtenant leases the Company wishes to sell, 
based upon an Option Agreement between the parties.  An additional conflict may 
exist since the Company has been engaged in the collection of delinquent 
accounts on behalf of ELCOA and will continue to receive servicing fees during 
its collection efforts, although ELCOA may not recognize any income beyond the 
original lease term.




                                       49
<PAGE>
<PAGE>51
                                    PART IV

Item 14.  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K
<TABLE>
(a) (1)  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Included in Item 8 of this Report):

                                                                  Page
                                                                  ----
         <S>                                                      <C>
         (a)  Independent Auditor's Report                        29

         (b)  Consolidated Balance Sheets at April 30,
              1995 and 1994.                                      30-31

         (c)  Consolidated Statements of Operations for
              the years ended April 30, 1995, 1994 and 1993.      32

         (d)  Consolidated Statement of Changes in
              Shareholders' Deficit for the years
              ended April 30, 1995, 1994 and 1993.                33

         (e)  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
              for the years ended April 30, 1995, 1994
              and 1993.                                           34-35

         (f)  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.         36
</TABLE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
    (2)  FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE (attached hereto):
         <S>                                                      <C>
         (a)  Report on Schedule.                                 57

         (b)  Schedule VIII - Valuation and Qualifying
              Accounts.                                           58
</TABLE>

    All other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable 
regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission have been omitted because 
they are not required under the related instructions or are inapplicable.














                                       50
<PAGE>
<PAGE>52
3)  EXHIBITS

    3.1 -  Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, incorporated by reference 
           to Exhibit 3.1 to Walnut's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year 
           ended April 30, 1987 (File No. 2-65101; Filed July 29, 1987).

    3.2 -  By-Laws, as amended, Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to 
           Walnut's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended April 30, 
           1985.  (File No. 2-65101; July 29, 1985).

    4.1 -  Specimen of Variable Rate Money Market Subordinated Demand Thrift 
           Certificate, incorporated by reference to Walnut's Registration 
           Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 2-78371; File July 9, 1982).

    4.2 -  Specimen of Fixed Term Money Market Subordinated Thrift 
           Certificates, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Walnut's 
           Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 2-78371; Filed July 9, 
           1982).

    4.3 -  Specimen of ninety day demand Subordinated Thrift Certificate, 
           incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Walnut's Registration 
           Statement on Form S-18 (File No. 2-65101; Filed October 24, 1979).

    4.4 -  Specimen of one, three and five year Subordinated Thrift 
           Certificate, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Walnut's 
           Registration Statement on Form S-18 (File No. 2-65101; Filed 
           October 24, 1979).

    4.5 -  Specimen of Variable Rate Money Market Demand Subordinated Thrift 
           Certificate, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to Walnut's 
           Registration Statement on Form S-18 (File No. 2-65101; Filed April 
           15, 1980).

    4.6 -  Specimen of Fixed Rate Money Market Subordinated Thrift 
           Certificate, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.7 to Walnut's 
           Registration Statement on Form S-18 (File No. 2-65101; File April 
           15, 1980).

    4.7 -  Specimen of Variable Rate Money Market Subordinated Thrift 
           Certificate, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Walnut's 
           Registration Statement on Form S-18 (File No. 2-70326; Filed 
           December 19, 1980).

    4.8 -  Specimen of Fixed Term Money Market Subordinated Thrift 
           Certificate, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Walnut's 
           Registration Statement on Form S-18 (File No. 2-70326; Filed 
           December 19, 1980).

    4.9 -  Trust Indenture between Walnut and Fulton Bank, Trustee, dated 
           October 26, 1979 and amended by an Amendment dated April 14, 1980, 
           incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.9 to Walnut's Registration 
           Statement on Form S-2 (File No. 2-92440; Filed September 5, 1986).

    4.10 - Trust Indenture between Walnut and Fulton Bank, Trustee, dated as 
           of June 15, 1982, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.10 to 
           Walnut's Registration Statement on Form S-2 (File No. 2-92440; 
           Filed September 5, 1986).

                                       51
<PAGE>
<PAGE>53
    4.11 - Trust Indenture between Walnut and Fulton Bank, Trustee, dated as 
           of June 15, 1982, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.11 to 
           Walnut's Registration Statement on Form S-2 (File No. 2-92440; 
           Filed September 5, 1986).

    4.12 - Subordination Agreement by William Shapiro and members of his 
           immediate family, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.9 to 
           Walnut's Registration Statement on Form S-18 (File No. 2-65101; 
           Filed May 19, 1980).

    4.13 - Company Order dated June 8, 1980, incorporated by reference to 
           Exhibit 3.10 to Walnut's Registration Statement on Form S-18 (File 
           No. 2-65101; Filed June 9, 1980).

    4.14 - Specimen of Adjustable Rate Cumulative Preferred Share Certificate, 
           incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.14 to Form 8-K as filed by 
           Walnut, dated December 30, 1982 (File No. 2-65101).

    4.15 - Specimen of Variable Rate Money Market Demand Subordinated Thrift 
           Certificate, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.15 to Walnut's 
           Registration Statement on Form S-2 (File No. 2-92440; Filed July 
           27, 1984).

    4.16 - Specimen of Fixed Term Money Market Subordinated Thrift 
           Certificate, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.15 to Walnut's 
           Registration Statement on Form S-2.  (File No. 2-92440; Filed July 
           27, 1984).

    4.17 - Supplemental Trust Indenture dated July 24, 1984 to Trust Indenture 
           between Walnut and Fulton Bank, Trustee dated June 15, 1982, 
           incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.17 to Walnut's Registration 
           Statement on Form S-2.  (File No. 2-92440; Filed July 27, 1984).

    4.18 - Specimen of Prime Rate Cumulative Preferred Stock Certificate, 
           incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.18 to Walnut's Registration 
           Statement on Form S-2.  (File No. 2-92440; Filed July 27, 1984).

    4.19 - Certificate of designations, relative rights, preferences and 
           limitations of Prime Rate Cumulative Preferred Stock, incorporated 
           by reference to Exhibit 4.19 to Walnut's Registration Statement on 
           Form S-2.  (File No. 2-92440; Filed July 27, 1984).

    4.20 - Second Supplemental Trust Indenture dated September 3, 1986 to 
           Trust Indenture between Walnut and Fulton Bank, Trustee dated June 
           15, 1982, as supplemented July 24, 1984, incorporated by reference 
           to Exhibit 4.20 to Walnut's Registration Statement on Form S-2 
           (Filed September 5, 1986; File No. 2-92440).

    4.21 - Trust Indenture dated as of October 7, 1987 between Walnut and 
           First Valley Bank, Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, Trustee, incorporated 
           by reference to Exhibit 4.21 to Walnut's Registration Statement on 
           Form S-2 (Filed October 9, 1987; File No 33-16599).

    4.22 - Form of Specimen of Demand Senior Thrift Certificate; incorporated 
           by reference to Exhibit 4.22 to Walnut's Registration Statement on 
           Form S-2 (Filed October 9, 1987; File No. 33-16599).

                                       52
<PAGE>
<PAGE>54
    4.23 - Form of Specimen of Fixed Term Senior Thrift Certificate, 
           incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.23 to Walnut's Registration 
           Statement on Form S-2(Filed October 9, 1987; File No. 33-16599).

    4.24 - Form of First Supplemental Trust Indenture dated September 20, 1988 
           to Trust Indenture dated as of October 7, 1987 between Registrant 
           and First Valley Bank, Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, Trustee, 
           incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.24 to Walnut's Registration 
           Statement on Form S-2. (File No. 33-23210; Filed July 21, 1988.)

    4.25 - Form of Demand Senior Thrift Certificate, incorporated by reference 
           to Exhibit 4.25 to Walnut's Registration Statement on Forms S-2 
           (File No. 33-23210; Filed July 21, 1988.)

    4.26 - Form of Fixed Term Senior Thrift Certificate, incorporated by 
           reference to Exhibit 4.26 to Walnut's Registration Statement on Form 
           S-2 (File No. 33-23210; Filed July 21, 1988.)

    4.27 - Form of Second Supplemental Trust Indenture dated as of September 
           13, 1989 to Trust Indenture dated as of October 7, 1987 between 
           Registrant and First Valley Bank, Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, Trustee, 
           incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.27 to Walnut's Registration 
           Statement on Form S-2. (File No. 33-29704; Filed July 10, 1989.)

    4.28 - Form of Specimen of Demand Senior Thrift Certificate, incorporated 
           by reference to Exhibit 4.28 to Walnut's Registration Statement on 
           Form S-2 (File No. 33-29704; Filed July 10, 1989.)

    4.29 - Form of Specimen of Fixed Term Senior Thrift Certificate, 
           incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.29 to Walnut's Registration 
           Statement on Form S-2 (File No. 33-29704; Filed July 10, 1989.)

    4.30 - Form of Third Supplemental Trust Indenture dated as of August 17, 
           1990 to Trust Indenture dated as of October 7, 1987 between 
           Registrant and First Valley Bank, Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, Trustee 
           (File No. 33-35663; Filed June 29, 1990.)

    4.31 - Specimen of Demand Senior Thrift Certificate (incorporated by 
           reference to Exhibit 4.31 to Walnut's Registration Statement on Form 
           S-2 (File No. 33-35663; Filed June 29, 1990.)

    4.32 - Specimen of Fixed Rate Senior Thrift (incorporated by references to 
           Exhibit to Walnut's Registration Statement on Form S-2 (File No. 
           33-35663; Filed July 29, 1990)

    4.33 - Fourth Supplemental Trust Indenture dated as August 14, 1992 to 
           Trust Indenture dated as of October 7, 1987 between Registrant and 
           First Valley Bank, Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, Trustee.  (File No. 
           33-49278; File August 18, 1992).

    4.34 - Form of Specimen of Demand Senior Thrift Certificate.  (File No. 
           33-49278; Filed July 6, 1992).

    4.35 - Form of Specimen of Fixed Term Senior Thrift Certificate.  (File No. 
           33-49278; Filed July 6, 1992).

                                       53
<PAGE>
<PAGE>55
    10.1 - Specimen of existing five year Subordinated Debenture, incorporated 
           by reference to Exhibit 11.2 to Walnut's Registration Statement on 
           Form S-18 (File No. 2-65101; Filed July 26, 1979).

    10.2 - Form of equipment lease, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 11.3 
           to Walnut's Registration Statement on Form S-18 (File No. 2-65101; 
           Filed July 26, 1979).

    10.3 - Agreement with Walnut Associates, Inc. as of February 1, 1979, 
           incorporated by reference to Exhibit 11.5 to Walnut's Registration 
           Statement on Form S-18 (File No. 2-65101; Filed July 26, 1979).

    10.5 - Service Contract dated May 23, 1986 between Walnut and Equipment 
           Leasing Corporation of America; Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 
           10.5 to Equipment Leasing Corporation of America's Registration 
           Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 33-6259; Filed June 6, 1986).

    10.6 - Escrow Agreement dated May 23, 1986 between Walnut and Equipment 
           Leasing Corporation of America re: Segregation of Funds; 
           incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Equipment Leasing 
           Corporation of America's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File 
           No. 33-6259; Filed June 6, 1986).

    10.7 - Option Agreement dated May 23, 1986 between Walnut and Equipment 
           Leasing Corporation of America; incorporated by reference to 
           Equipment Leasing Corporation of America's Registration Statement on 
           Form S-1 (File No. 33-6259; Filed June 6, 1986).

    10.8 - Agreement regarding sale of equipment and related leases to 
           Equipment Leasing Corporation of America in exchange for common 
           stock; Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Equipment Leasing 
           Corporation's Registration Statement of Form S-1 (File No. 33-6259; 
           Filed June 6, 1986).

    10.9 - Lease Agreement dated as of March 6, 1987 between Walnut and Walnut 
           Associates, Inc. covering the premises located at 15 South 4th 
           Street, Fernwood, PA, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to 
           Walnut's Registration Statement on Form S-2 (Filed 7/31/87; File No. 
           2-92440).

    10.10- Sublease agreement dated as of June, 1990 between Walnut and Walnut 
           Associates, Inc. covering the premises located at 101 W. City 
           Avenue, Bala Cynwyd, Pennsylvania, under and subject to a sublease 
           agreement between Walnut Associates, Inc., covering the period from 
           September 1, 1990 to August 31, 1995. Incorporated by reference to 
           Form 10-K filed for the fiscal year ended April 30, 1990 (Filed June 
           29, 1990.)

   *10.11- Service Purchase Contract dated May 18, 1995 between Walnut and the 
           Pennsylvania Office of Liquidations and Rehabilitations regarding 
           servicing of performing lease files.

   *10.12- Master Leasing Program Agreement dated as of June 9, 1995 between 
           TEC America, Inc. and the Company regarding a "private label 
           leasing" agreement between the parties.

                                       54
<PAGE>
<PAGE>56

    12.1 - See "Consolidated Statements of Operation" in Item 8 to this report.

    22.1  -Subsidiaries of Walnut.

   *27.1  - Financial Data Schedule.

    *  Filed with this Form-10K

       (b)   Reports on Form 8-K

               None.

                            ------------------------

    Registrant has neither furnished to security holders any annual reports 
    covering the registrant's last fiscal year nor any proxy materials.






































                                       55
<PAGE>
<PAGE>57
                                   SIGNATURES

    Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this amendment to a 
previously filed report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, 
thereunto duly authorized.

                    WALNUT EQUIPMENT LEASING CO., INC.


                    By: /s/  William Shapiro
                        -----------------------------
                        William Shapiro, President

    Date: July 24, 1995

    Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this 
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the 
registrant and in the capacities indicated on the dates indicated.

        Name                                 Title

/s/  William Shapiro
- -----------------------             President, Chief Executive,
William Shapiro                     Principal Financial and
                                    Accounting Officer; Director
Date: July 24, 1995

/s/  Kenneth S. Shapiro
- -----------------------             Vice-President; Director
Kenneth S. Shapiro

Date: July 24, 1995

/s/  Deljean Shapiro
- -----------------------             Secretary/Treasurer; Director
Deljean Shapiro

Date: July 24, 1995

/s/  Thomas Matcovich
- -----------------------             Director
Dr. Thomas Matcovich

Date: July 24, 1995

/s/  Philip R. Bagley
- -----------------------             Director
Philip R. Bagley

Date: July 24, 1995

/s/  Lester D. Shapiro
- -----------------------             Director
Lester D. Shapiro

Date: July 24, 1995

                                       56
<PAGE>
<PAGE>58
                             INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S
                     REPORT ON FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE


    In connection with our audits of the consolidated financial statements of 
Walnut Equipment Leasing Co., Inc. at April 30, 1995 and 1994 and for each of 
the three years in the period ended April 30, 1995, we have also audited the 
consolidated financial statement schedule included in this Form 10-K as listed 
in Item 14(a)(2).

    In our opinion, the consolidated financial statement schedule mentioned 
above present fairly the information required to be stated therein.











/s/  Cogen Sklar LLP
COGEN SKLAR LLP
(formerly, Cogen Sklar Levick)

Bala Cynwyd, Pennsylvania


July 7, 1995























                                       57
<PAGE>
<PAGE>59
<TABLE>
               SCHEDULE VIII - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
<CAPTION>
    Column A      Column B      Column C       Column D        Column E
    --------      --------      --------       --------        --------
                                Additions
                                ---------
                Balance at      Charged to                    Balance at
               Beginning of     Costs and                       End of
Description       Period        Expenses       Deductions       Period
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>               <C>          <C>              <C>            <C>
Year Ended April 30, 1993
Allowance for Doubtful Lease Receivables
- ----------------------------------------
Direct Finance
 Leases (A)       $1,781,400   $1,143,471(C)    $932,194(D)    $1,992,677
Operating
 Leases (B)              ---          ---            ---              ---
                  ----------   ----------       --------       ----------
    Total         $1,781,400   $1,143,471       $932,194       $1,992,677
                  ==========   ==========       ========       ==========
Year Ended April 30, 1994
Allowance for Doubtful Lease Receivables
- ----------------------------------------
Direct Finance
 Leases (A)       $1,992,677   $  792,879(C)    $897,098(D)    $1,888,458
Operating
 Leases (B)              ---          ---            ---              ---
                  ----------   ----------       --------       ----------
    Total         $1,992,677   $  792,879       $897,098       $1,888,458
                  ==========   ==========       ========       ==========
Year Ended April 30, 1995
Allowance for Doubtful Lease Receivables
- ----------------------------------------
Direct Finance
 Leases (A)       $1,888,458   $1,635,963(C)  $2,111,032(D)    $1,413,389
Operating
 Leases (B)              ---          ---            ---              ---
                  ----------   ----------     ----------       ----------
    Total         $1,888,458   $1,635,963     $2,111,032       $1,413,389
                  ==========   ==========     ==========       ==========
<FN>
    (A)  Represents estimated losses that will be incurred in the collection 
         of receivables from finance leases.

    (B)  Represents estimated losses that will be incurred in the collection 
         of receivables from operating leases.

    (C)  Provisions for estimated losses calculated on the basis of amounts 
         necessary to provide for anticipated losses on delinquent leases on 
         an impairment basis.

    (D)  Write-offs of bad debts, net of recoveries.

</TABLE>
                                       58
<PAGE>
<PAGE>60


                                 UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                            WASHINGTON, D.C.  20549

                                  FORM 10-K405

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES  EXCHANGE
                           ACT OF 1934 (FEE REQUIRED)


For the fiscal year ended                              Commission file number
APRIL 30, 1995                                         2-65101

                       WALNUT EQUIPMENT LEASING CO., INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

DELAWARE                                              23-1712443
(State or other jurisdiction of          (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
incorporation or organization)

            SUITE 2128, 101 WEST CITY AVENUE, BALA CYNWYD, PA 19004
              (Address of principal executive offices)  (Zip Code)




                                    EXHIBIT

                                     VOLUME

<PAGE>
<PAGE>61
<TABLE>


                       WALNUT EQUIPMENT LEASING CO., INC.

                                 EXHIBIT INDEX

                                      10-K
<CAPTION>

Exhibit                                                         Sequential
Number       Description                                        Page Number
- -------      -----------------------------------------------    -----------
<S>          <C>                                                <C>
10.11        Service Purchase Contract dated May 18, 1995       
             between Walnut and the Pennsylvania Office of      
             Liquidations and Rehabilitations.                       62
                                                                
                                                                
                                                                
10.12        Master Leasing Program Agreement dated as of June  
             9, 1995 between TEC America, Inc. and the Company.      72
                                                                
                                                                
                                                                
27.1         Financial Data Schedule.                                79
                                                                
                                                                

                                                                
                                                                
</TABLE>






















</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.11
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>SERVICE PURCHASE CONTRACT BETWEEN WALNUT AND THE PA OFFICE OF 
               LIQUIDATIONS AND REHABILITATIONS
<TEXT>

<PAGE>62
                                                  
OFFICE OF LIQUIDATION AND REHABILITATIONS         SHOW THIS NUMBER ON INVOICE
SERVICE PURCHASE CONTRACT                                     1032
                                                  
                                                  
PROVIDE SERVICE TO AGENCY:                        BILL TO: (Provide original 
                                                  and two(2) copies of invoice)
Bureau of Rehabilitation Admin                    
901 North Seventh Street                          Statutory Liquidator For 
Harrisburg, Pennsylvania 17102                    Corporate Life
                                                  901 N 7th Street
                                                  Harrisburg, PA 17102
                                                  

                                                  
                                                  
                                                  
CONTRACTOR INFORMATION                            Date Prepared: 04/03/95
Name: Walnut Equipment Leasing Co., Inc.          Effective Date: 04/03/95
Address: 101 West City Ave., Suite 2146           
         Bala Cynwyd, PA 19004                    Federal ID/SS #: 23-1712443
Tele #:  (610) 668-0707                           License/Registration #: n/a
                                                  

                                                  
                                                  
                                                  
Termination Date     Anticipated Delivery Date       Contract Not to Exceed
   06/30/97                  /    /                $contingent fee 50% + costs
                                                  

                                                  
                                                  
                                                                 
SERVICES REQUESTED          QUANTITY           UNIT PRICE          TOTAL PRICE
Servicing of performing     75 files valued    50% Contingency      906,271.00
lease files. Collection     @ 1,812,542.75     est. court costs       5,000.00
of non-performing lease                                            -----------
files.                                                     TOTAL   $911,271.00
                                                                 

                                                                 
                                                                 

CONTRACTOR AGREES TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS ON THE ATTACHMENTS, IF ANY, WHICH 
ARE PART OF THIS CONTRACT.  THIS CONTRACT IS NOT VALID OR ENFORCEABLE UNTIL 
FULLY EXECUTED, APPROVED, AND DELIVERED TO THE CONTRACTOR.

Other conditions or agreements.
Attachment A

Purpose and justification for above.
                                                            
Tracee Gotwalt                 William Shapiro              5/18/95
Agency Contact                 Contractor's Signature       Date
                                                            

                                                            
                                                            
                               
(717) 787-6009                 President
Telephone Number               Contractor's Title
                               

                               
                               
                                          
                                          
AUTHORIZED AGENCY ATTORNEY                AGENCY HEAD (Or Designee)
                                          
Signature:                                Signature:
                                          
Date:                                     Date:
                                          

                                          
                                          

                                          
                                          

                                          
                                          
<PAGE>63                          
                                  PA INSURANCE DEPARTMENT
Service Purchase Contract         Office of Liquidations and Rehabilitations
Terms and Conditions              
                                  Contract No. 1032
A. COMPENSATION                   
                                  
1. Billing                        
                                  

                                  
                                  
    a.  The contractor shall submit monthly invoices to the attention of: 
        Office of Liquidations and Rehabilitations, Bureau of Liquidations 
        Administration, 901 North Seventh Street, Harrisburg, Pennsylvania 
        17102, Attention: Mark Leschik, for services performed during each such 
        period. The amount shown on each invoice for labor cost shall be in 
        accordance with the rates established in this contract.

    b.  Contractor billings must include personnel class, work hours, hourly 
        rate, and itemized expenses. Contractor will bill for actual services 
        rendered not to exceed the contract cap amount.

    c.  Any expenses incurred for travel must be billed in accordance with 
        Commonwealth Travel Regulations. The following is a summary of travel 
        regulations in force at the date of guideline issuance. (You will be 
        advised of any change in the Commonwealth Travel Regulations.):

    *   All travelers should minimize travel expenses to a reasonable degree. 
        Public transportation should be utilized if the cost of travel is less 
        than private transportation.

    *   You should attempt to obtain discounted, but not non-cancelable, 
        tickets.

    *   Hotel lodging is only authorized if it is necessary for you to stay 
        overnight and the overnight location is greater than fifty (50) miles 
        from your headquarters office.

    *   You should obtain lodging at the least expensive of three (3) hotels 
        with available space within a reasonable distance from your meeting 
        location.

    *   Receipts are required for all travel expenses greater than fifteen 
        ($15.00) dollars, except for subsistence (meals).

    *   Non-subsistence is reimbursable for meals incurred on non-overnight 
        travel.

    *   Taxi-cab use is not authorized where airport limousine or shuttle 
        service is available.

    d.  All billable expenses are subject to audit by the Liquidator. Receipts 
        for all billable expenses may be requested prior to payment.

B. CONFLICT OF INTEREST

1.  Notice of any actual or potential conflict of interest shall be given to 
    the Liquidator.

2.  Any conflicts will be resolved in favor of the Liquidator, by the 
    Liquidator, or, in the alternative, the Liquidator shall have the option to 
    terminate this agreement if the conflict cannot be resolved.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>64
C. NON-DISCRIMINATION CLAUSE

During the term of this contract, the contractor agrees as follows:

1.  The contractor shall not discriminate against any employee, applicant for 
    employment, independent contractor, or any other person because of race, 
    color, religious creed, handicap, ancestry, national origin, age, or sex. 
    The contractor shall take affirmative action to insure that applicants are 
    employed and that employees or agents are treated without regard to their 
    race, color, religious creed, handicap, ancestry, national origin, age, or 
    sex during employment. Such affirmative action shall include, but is not 
    limited to, employment, upgrading, demotion or transfer, recruitment or 
    recruitment advertising, layoff or termination, rates of pay or other forms 
    of compensation, and selection for training.

2.  The contractor shall, in advertisements or requests for employment placed 
    by them or on its behalf, state that all qualified applicants will receive 
    consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religious 
    creed, handicap, ancestry, national origin, age, or sex.

3.  The contractor shall send each labor union or workers representative with 
    which it has a collective bargaining agreement or other contract or 
    understanding, a notice advising said labor union or workers representative 
    of its commitment to this non-discrimination clause. Similar notice shall 
    be sent to every other source of recruitment regularly utilized by the 
    contractor.

4.  It shall be no defense to a finding of non-compliance with this 
    non-discrimination clause that the contractor had delegated some of its 
    employment practices to any union, training program, or other source of 
    recruitment which prevents it from meeting its obligations. However, if the 
    evidence indicates that the contractor was not on notice of the third party 
    discrimination or made a good faith effort to correct it, such factor shall 
    be considered in mitigation in determining appropriate sanctions.

5.  Where the practices of a union or any training program or other source of 
    recruitment will result in the exclusion of minority group persons, so that 
    the contractor will be unable to meet its obligations under this 
    non-discrimination clause, the contractor shall then employ and fill 
    vacancies through other non-discriminatory employment procedures.

6.  The contractor shall comply with all state and federal laws prohibiting 
    discrimination in hiring or employment opportunities.  In the event of the 
    contractor's non-compliance with the non-discrimination clause of this 
    contract or with any such laws, this contract may be terminated or 
    suspended, in whole or in part, and the contractor may be declared 
    temporarily ineligible for further Liquidator contracts, and other 
    sanctions may be imposed and remedies invoked.

7.  The contractor shall furnish all necessary employment documents and records 
    to, and permit access to its books, records and accounts by the Liquidator, 
    for purposes of investigation to ascertain compliance with the provisions 
    of this clause. If the contractor does not possess documents or records 
    reflecting the necessary information requested, it shall furnish such 
    information on reporting forms supplied by the Liquidator.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>65
8.  The contractor shall actively recruit minority and women subcontractors, as 
    well as subcontractors with substantial minority representation among their 
    employees.

9.  The contractor shall include the provisions of this non-discrimination 
    clause in every subcontract so that such provisions will be binding upon 
    each subcontractor.

10. The contractor's obligations under this clause are limited to the firm's 
    offices within the state of Pennsylvania.

D. CONTRACTOR INTEGRITY PROVISIONS

1.  The contractor shall not, in connection with this or any other agreement 
    with the Liquidator, directly or indirectly, offer, give, agree, or promise 
    to give anyone any gratuity for the benefit of or at the direction or 
    request of any officer or employee of the Liquidator.

2.  Except with the consent of the Liquidator, neither the contractor nor 
    anyone in privity with the contractor shall accept or agree to accept from, 
    or give or agree to give to any person, any gratuity from any person in 
    connection with the performance of work under this agreement except as 
    provided herein.

3.  Except with the consent of the Liquidator, the contractor shall not have a 
    financial interest involving any other party to this action.

4.  The contractor, upon being informed that any violation of these provisions 
    has occurred, or may occur, shall immediately notify the Liquidator in 
    writing.

5.  The contractor, by execution of this agreement and by the submission of any 
    bills or invoices for payment pursuant thereto, certifies and represents 
    that he has not violated any of these provisions.

6.  For violation of any of the above provisions, the Liquidator may terminate 
    this and any other agreement with the contractor and claim liquidated 
    damages in an amount equal to the value of anything received in breech of 
    these provisions, claim damages for all expenses incurred in obtaining 
    another contractor to complete performance hereunder, and debar and suspend 
    the contractor from doing business with the Liquidator. These rights and 
    remedies are cumulative, and the use or non-use of any one shall not 
    preclude the use of all or any others. These rights and remedies are in 
    addition to those the Liquidator may have under law, statute, regulation, 
    or otherwise.

E. CONTRACTOR AUDIT PROVISIONS

1.  This contract is subject to audit by the Liquidator and or its designated 
    representatives, including audits of actual costs incurred. The contractor 
    agrees to maintain records which will support the charges claimed against 
    the contract. At the direction of the Liquidator, all of the contractor's 
    books and records related to this contract will be made available for audit 
    at a site designated by the Liquidator.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>66
The contractor shall preserve books, documents, and records sufficient to 
justify the charges billed to the Liquidator for three (3) years after 
expiration of the contract, or until all questioned items are resolved after 
the services are furnished under this contract. The contractor shall give full 
and free access to all records to the Liquidator and or its authorized 
representative.

2.  Upon termination of this contract, the contractor will turn over to the 
    Liquidator all information and research developed pursuant to this 
    contract.

3.  The contractor will make records in their possession pertaining to this 
    contract available for inspection at the offices of the Liquidator upon 
    request.

F.  CONTRACTOR RESPONSIBILITY PROVISIONS

1.  Contractor certifies that it is not currently under suspension or debarment 
    by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, any other state, or the federal 
    government.

2.  If contractor enters into any subcontracts under this contract with 
    sub-contractors who are currently suspended or debarred by the Commonwealth 
    of Pennsylvania, any other state, or the federal government, or who became 
    suspended or debarred by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, any other state, 
    or the federal government during the term of this contract, or any renewals 
    thereof, the Liquidator shall have the right to require the contractor to 
    terminate such sub-contracts.

3.  The contractor agrees that it shall be responsible for reimbursing the 
    Liquidator for all necessary and reasonable costs and expenses incurred by 
    the Office of the Inspector General relating to an investigation of the 
    contractor's compliance with the terms of this or any other agreement 
    between the contractor and the Liquidator which results in the suspension 
    or debarment of the contractor.

G.  OFFSET PROVISION FOR LIQUIDATOR CONTRACTS

1.  The contractor agrees that the Liquidator may offset the amount of any 
    state tax liability owed to the Commonwealth, or other debt of the 
    contractor, or its subsidiaries, that is owed to the Liquidator or the 
    Commonwealth, and not being contested on appeal against any payments due 
    the contractor under this or any other contract with the Liquidator.

H.  PROVISIONS CONCERNING THE AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT

During the term of this contract, the contractor agrees as follows:

1.  Pursuant to federal regulations promulgated under the authority of The 
    Americans With Disabilities Act, 28 C.F.R. Section 35.101 et seq., the 
    contractor understands and agrees that no individual with a disability 
    shall, on the basis of the disability, be excluded from participation in 
    this contract or from activities provided for under this contract. As a 
    condition of accepting and executing this contract, the contractor agrees 
    to comply with the General Prohibitions Against Discrimination, 28 C.F.R. 
<PAGE>
<PAGE>67
    Section 35.130, and all other regulations promulgated under "Title ll" of 
    The Americans With Disabilities Act which are applicable to the benefits, 
    services, programs, and activities provided by the Commonwealth of 
    Pennsylvania through contracts with outside contractors.

2.  The contractor shall be responsible for and agree to indemnify and hold 
    harmless the Liquidator from all losses, damages, expenses, claims, 
    demands, suits, and actions brought by any party as a result of the 
    contractor's failure to comply with the provisions of paragraph 1, above.

I.  LIQUIDATOR HELD HARMLESS

1.  The contractor agrees to indemnify, defend, and save harmless the 
    Liquidator, its officers, agents, and employees from any and all claims, 
    suits, actions, judgments, and losses accruing or resulting to any and all 
    contractors, subcontractors, materialmen, laborers, and any other persons, 
    firms, or corporations furnishing or supplying work, services, materials or 
    supplies in connection with the performance of this contract, and from any 
    and all claims, losses, costs, and expenses accruing or resulting to any 
    person, firm, or corporation for injury, death, or property damage caused 
    by acts or omissions of the contractor, its employees, or agents in the 
    performance of this contract and against any liability including, without 
    limitations, costs and expenses for violation of proprietary rights, or 
    right of privacy, arising out of the publication, translation, 
    reproduction, delivery, performance, use, or disposition of any data 
    furnished under this contract or based on any libelous or other unlawful 
    matter contained in such data. The Liquidator agrees to notify the 
    contractor within a reasonable time of any written claims or demands for 
    which the contractor is responsible under this paragraph.

J.  CONFIDENTIALITY

1.  The contractor agrees to protect the confidentiality of any files, data, or 
    other materials provided by the Liquidator, any other party, or developed 
    in the course of its duties. Any such data or information shall be 
    restricted in use and purpose to the performance of this contract.

K.  ENTIRE CONTRACT

1.  This agreement constitutes the entire contract between the parties. There 
    are no promises, terms, conditions, or obligations other than those 
    contained herein, and this contract shall supersede all previous 
    communications, representations, or contracts, either oral or written, 
    between the parties hereto concerning the services set out herein.

2.  This contract may be amended; however, no amendment to this contract shall 
    be effective unless it is in writing and signed by all parties to the 
    initial contract.

3.  Contractor agrees to comply with all applicable laws and regulations of the 
    Commonwealth in carrying, out this contract.

4.  Contractor, its agents and employees, shall act in an independent capacity, 
    and shall not act or be deemed to act as officers, employees or agents of 
    the Statutory Liquidator.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>68
5.  Regardless of provisions to the contrary found elsewhere in the provisions 
    of this contract, the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania shall be 
    used in the interpretation of this contract and shall prevail over the laws 
    of any other state in the construction of this contract.

6.  Performance of this contract is not assignable without prior written 
    consent of the Statutory Liquidator.

7.  In carrying out the Contract, the Contractor shall minimize pollution and 
    shall strictly comply with all applicable environmental laws and 
    regulations.

8.  Contractor and the Statutory Liquidator recognize that in actual economic 
    practice, overcharges by contractors suppliers resulting from violations of 
    state or federal antitrust laws are in fact borne by the Commonwealth. As 
    part of the consideration for the award of the contract, and intending to 
    be legally bound, contractor assigns to the Commonwealth all rights, title 
    and interest in and to any claims contractor now has or may hereafter 
    acquire under state or federal antitrust laws relating to the goods or 
    services which are the subject of this contract.

L.  TERMINATION - AMENDMENT

1.  This contract may be terminated, at will, by the Liquidator.

2.  This contract may be terminated by the contractor upon thirty (30) days 
    written notice to the Liquidator.

3.  This contract may be amended for additional service hours or expenses, or 
    may be extended if additional unanticipated work is required and 
    authorized.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>69
                                  Attachment A

1.  PURPOSE AND JUSTIFICATION

    The purpose of this contract is to provide servicing of performing 
    equipment leases and collection of non-performing lease receivables.

    This contract is justified because the Statutory Liquidator does not have 
    the expertise on staff to service equipment leases, recover and dispose of 
    residuals and collect non-performing lease obligations. Several firms were 
    invited to submit bids to either purchase the leases or service them for 
    the Liquidator. After due diligence, only two bids were received; both bids 
    asked for a 50% contingent fee from all sums recovered. Liquidators staff 
    feels Contractor can best provide the needed services.

2.  DESCRIPTION OF SERVICES

    A.  Contractor will provide lease servicing which shall include but not be 
        limited to:

        Collecting and accounting for lease payments recovering leased 
        equipment at the termination of the lease and disposing of the 
        equipment.

        Collecting through judicial or non-judicial means rents due from 
        non-performing lessees.

    B.  Contractor will further:

        Prepare on behalf of a given estate pursuant to authorization from the 
        Liquidator, necessary documents pertaining to the collections of the 
        above mentioned leases or arising out of such activity.

    C.  Contractor will further provide advice and a written recommendation to 
        the Liquidator if it is determined that it is no longer feasible to 
        pursue recovery of any particular lease.

    D.  Contractor will further brief the Liquidator as to any filings or court 
        appearances at least 90 days in advance, whenever possible, and if 
        possible, notify the Liquidator as soon as the firm receives 
        notification.

    E.  Contractor will provide the Liquidator with a quarterly report which 
        summarizes litigation events and any recommendations regarding 
        litigation, lists the status of each file including the recap of 
        collections and funds transmitted to the Liquidator. The report must 
        also total all contingent fees retained by the firm per calendar year 
        (January 1 through December 31).

<PAGE>
<PAGE>70
    F.  Contractor will obtain authorization from the Liquidator for any 
        compromise of her claim or for any payment plan longer than one year in 
        duration.

    G.  The Liquidator reserves the right to represent herself, on any specific 
        claims and determinations, as its sole judgement determines.

    H.  Contractor, on an as required basis, shall calculate sales tax due and 
        complete the necessary tax filings for submission by the Statutory 
        Liquidator.

3.  COMPENSATION

    A.  Both parties to this agreement recognize the contingent nature of these 
        claims. Accordingly, Contractor will be compensated with a contingent 
        fee of fifty percent (50%) net of sales taxes for each claim for which 
        a recovery is obtained, payable at the time monies are recovered, as 
        the result of any settlement or verdict. If no recovery is made, the 
        firm shall bear the loss of all time invested. No hourly fee will be 
        billed or paid.

    B.  If Contractor recommends audit, accounting, actuarial or other outside 
        professional services, Contractor must submit to the Liquidator a 
        written description of the nature, scope, type and estimated number of 
        hours of professional services required. The Liquidator will review the 
        submission, make a determination, and proceed with negotiations with 
        the approved outside entity. The Liquidator will contract directly with 
        any outside vendors necessary to assist Contractor unless the 
        Liquidator expressly authorizes Contractor to do so, in writing.

    C.  Contractor shall submit quarterly itemized billings, consistent with 
        guidelines the Liquidator may periodically issue, which fully and 
        completely disclose reimbursable costs incurred. The bill shall include 
        a cover sheet detailing the matter assigned, the amount billed to date. 
        Separate matters being handled by Contractor shall be invoiced 
        individually. Each invoice shall be submitted to the estate for which 
        services were rendered.

    D.  "Reimbursable Costs" shall include only the filing fees, recording 
        fees, and service fees. No other costs shall be billed or reimbursed.

    E.  All recoveries shall be remitted to the Liquidator within thirty (30) 
        days of collection with a billing that show the total amount recovered, 
        the fifty percent (50%) contingent fee deducted, and the amount 
        remitted to the Liquidator. A copy of the check or other instrument 
        documenting the total amount recovered must be submitted along with the 
        billing. Only the contingent percentage and sales tax may be deducted 
        from the recovery. All reimbursable costs must be billed on a quarterly 
        basis.

    F.  For time invested in review and determination of the prospects of 
        collection, a fee of $100.00 will be paid on each lease which is deemed 
        uncollectible.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>71
    G.  All sales tax filings will be calculated by Contractor at no cost to 
        the Statutory Liquidator.

4.  STATUTORY LIQUIDATOR BILLING GUIDELINES

    A.  All billing should be by specific assignment to include the name of the 
        liquidated company and the name of the specific case or claim, and the 
        claim or case number if one is assigned. Aggregating categories of 
        cases or a wide variety of activities under headings such as "direct 
        action matters" or "general" is unacceptable.

    B.  All billings for any reimbursable costs incurred should be submitted 
        quarterly on a regular and timely basis.

    C.  Bills are submitted to the Office of Liquidations & Rehabilitations for
        review and approval. If billing clarifications or revisions are 
        requested, resubmit the clarification information or revised bill to 
        the Office of Liquidations & Rehabilitations, 901 North Seventh Street,
        Harrisburg, Pa 17102, Attn: Tracee Gotwalt.

    D.  In a cover letter enclosing each bill, please indicate the total to 
        date billed by carrier, case, or claim as well as the total for the 
        current calendar year for each matter billed.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.12
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>MASTER LEASING PROGRAM AGREEMENT WITH TEC AMERICA
<TEXT>

<PAGE>72
MASTER LEASING PROGRAM AGREEMENT

This Master Leasing Program Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into as June 9, 
1995, by and between TEC America, Inc., a California corporation, having a 
business office located at 4401-A Bankers Circle, Atlanta, Georgia 30360 
("TEC") and Walnut Equipment Leasing Co., Inc., a Delaware corporation, having 
a business office located at 101 West City Avenue, Suite 2128, P.O. Box 1050, 
Bala Cynwyd, Pennsylvania 19004.

RECITALS

WHEREAS, TEC is engaged in the distribution of electronic cash registers, point 
of sale systems, scale and scale systems, and bar code printers bearing the 
"TEC" trademark (the "Products"), which Products are sold to the end users 
thereof through a network of independent TEC authorized distributors and 
dealers (individually, "Dealer" and collectively, "Dealers"), and TEC is the 
owner of the trade name "TEC America" used in connection with its distribution 
of the Products; and

WHEREAS, TEC and the Dealers desire to offer their customers (individually, 
"Customer" and collectively, "Customers") the opportunity to lease, rent and/or 
use the Products and TEC desires to offer Walnut the opportunity to enter into 
lease agreements related thereto and/or other agreements (individually, 
"Contract" and collectively, "Contracts") with such Customers for the Products; 
and

WHEREAS, Walnut wishes to enter into Contracts with Customers on a private 
label basis using the name "TEC America" or any other name TEC authorizes in 
writing (TEC America Leasing"), but identifying the lessor as Walnut.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements 
contained in this Agreement, and for other valuable consideration, the receipt 
and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally 
bound, the parties hereby agree as follows:

                                  ARTICLE ONE
                      Documentation and Use of Trade Name

1.1  FORM OF CONTRACTS.  All Contracts with the Customers and documentation 
related to the Contracts shall be prepared by Walnut and shall include the 
Trade Name. TEC shall have the right to review and approve the standard form of 
the Contracts and such documentation.

1.2  USE OF TRADE NAME.  TEC agrees to permit Walnut to use the Trade Name
as both a fictitious business name and service mark, on a non-exclusive and 
non-transferable basis, for the limited purpose of leasing and promoting the 
leasing of the Products to the Customers pursuant to Contracts; provided, 
however, such use shall be in strict accordance with TEC policies and Walnut 
shall promptly change the manner of such use if requested to do so by TEC.  The 
use of the Contracts and the use of the Trade Name shall only be in connection 
with the Products and related products. The Trade Name shall not be used with 
respect to any products produced or distributed by any entity under a trademark 
other than "TEC" except to the extent such products constitute related products 
and have been approved in writing by TEC.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>73

1.3  WALNUT ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS.  Walnut acknowledges the exclusive right, title 
and interest held by TEC in and to the trademark "TEC" and in and to the Trade 
Name; and agrees to not do or cause any act or thing contesting or impairing 
TEC's rights in the trademark "TEC" and in the Trade Name, either during the 
term of this Agreement or thereafter Walnut further acknowledges that upon the 
expiration or termination of this Agreement, Walnut shall immediately 
discontinue its use of the Trade Name and shall not thereafter use any marks or 
names which are, or any part of which are, confusingly similar thereto, for any 
future leases, not withstanding any schedules.

                                  ARTICLE TWO
                            Acceptance of Contracts

2.1  CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO ACCEPTANCE OF A CONTRACT.  The obligation of 
Walnut to accept any Contract shall be subject to the satisfaction of the 
following conditions precedent:

2.2
a.  Walnut's receipt of all required credit-information and Contract documents 
deemed necessary by Walnut, including, but not limited to, UCC-1 Financing 
Statements and advance payments;

b.  Walnut's credit approval of the Customer;

c.  Walnut's confirmation that the Customer has accepted the Products or waived 
its right to do so, as in the case of a Contract with progress payments; and

d.  The seller of the Products (i.e., TEC or the relevant Dealer, as 
applicable) shall have performed and complied in all material respects with all 
covenants, agreements and conditions, if any, which are required to be 
performed or complied with by such seller as of or prior to the date Walnut 
accepts the Contract.

                                 ARTICLE THREE
                         Representations and Warranties

3.1  MUTUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.  Walnut and TEC each represents and 
warrants to the other as follows:

a.  It is a duly organized and validly existing corporation and has full power 
to enter into this Agreement and to carry out the transactions contemplated 
hereby and is in good standing in the state of its incorporation;

b.  The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance by it of 
the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary 
corporate action, and this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding 
obligation enforceable in accordance with its terms; and

c.  Each party has all governmental approvals, permits, certificates, 
inspections, consents and franchises necessary to conduct its respective 
business, substantially as now conducted, and to own or finance and operate its 
properties as now owned, financed or operated by it, except where the failure 
to obtain any of the foregoing does not materially and adversely impair the 
ability of each to operate its business or to perform its obligations under 
this Agreement.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>74

3.3  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF WALNUT.  Walnut represents and warrants 
to TEC that as of the date each Contract is accepted by Walnut and thereafter 
as follows:

a.  Walnut and its agents and employees have not made and will not make any 
misrepresentations or false claims with respect to the Contract or the Products 
and have not committed and will not commit any fraudulent act or activity in 
connection with the execution and performance of the Contract.

b.  The conduct of Walnut in processing any Contract application, including the 
granting or denial of credit, and the servicing of the Contract has not 
violated and will not violate in any material respect any federal or state law, 
rule or regulation.

c.  Walnut has and will conduct all of its activities relative to the Customer, 
any guarantor, and the Contract, including without limitation, the collection 
of payments due thereunder, reasonably, fairly, and in good faith, and 
otherwise in such manner as to reflect favorably upon the name and reputation 
of TEC.

                                  ARTICLE FOUR
                           Limitations of Warranties

4.1 Products supplied to Walnut by TEC or the Dealers is warranted only in
accordance with the manufacturer's written warranty to consumers (the 
"Manufacturer's Warranty"), which Manufacturer's Warranty will be supplied to 
Walnut for distribution to Customers and which may be amended or modified from 
time to time only by notice from TEC.

OTHER THAN THE WARRANTY CONTAINED IN THE MANUFACTURER'S WARRANTY, TEC DISCLAIMS 
ANY OTHER WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR lMPLIED, lNCLUDlNG BUT NOT BY WAY OF LlMITATION, 
THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. TEC
ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBlLITY AND DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, 
WITH REGARD TO THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE PROVIDED OR RECOMMENDED FOR USE WITH THE 
PRODUCTS, lNCLUDlNG BUT NOT BY WAY OF LIMITATION, THE WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABLITY AND FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  TEC DISCLAIMS ANY 
LIABILITY FOR lNDIRECT, lNCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSSES, 
COSTS OR EXPENSES OF ANY KIND SUFFERED BY WALNUT, THE CUSTOMERS OR ANY
THIRD PARTY.

                                  ARTICLE FIVE
                               Contract Servicing

5.1  SERVICING OF CONTRACTS.  Walnut shall designate a team of specialists in
pricing, application processing, credit evaluation, documentation, 
administration, collections and asset management to fulfill Walnut's 
obligations hereunder. Walnut shall ensure that the Contracts are serviced in a 
professional manner.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>75

5.2  ACCESS TO TEC'S SALES ORGANIZATION.  To the extent reasonably necessary to 
allow Walnut to more effectively market the Contracts, TEC agrees to provide 
Walnut with the names of all sales representatives, manufacturers 
representatives, wholesalers, distributors, Dealers, branch offices, suppliers, 
vendors and employees of TEC as TEC, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
determines appropriate. Such names shall be provided to Walnut solely for the 
purpose of Walnut contacting such persons or entities for the purpose of 
acquainting them with using leasing as a sales tool to increase sales of the 
Products and for no other purpose, and such information shall be used by Walnut 
solely during the term of this Agreement.

5.3  NONEXCLUSIVE.  Walnut acknowledges that neither TEC nor its Dealers shall 
at any time be required to refer their Customers to TEC and that TEC and its 
Dealers may at any time refer their customers to any competitor of Walnut.

5.4  PORTFOLIO REPORTS.  During the term of this Agreement, Walnut shall 
provide monthly reports to TEC which detail the status of consumated 
transactions, including each Customer's name, Dealer's name and address, which 
Dealer is involved, the number, type and equipment cost of the Products, and 
upon request, Walnut will provide accounting information (i.e., location of 
equipment, structure of transaction, factors and percentages).


                                  ARTICLE SIX
                                Indemnification

6.1  Indemnification.

a. TEC agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Walnut and its affiliates, 
subsidiaries, employees, officers and agents (collectively, the "Walnut 
Indemnitees") from any and all losses, claims, liabilities, demands and 
expenses whatsoever including without limitation reasonable attorneys' fees 
(all the aforesaid collectively, "Losses") sustained by the Walnut Indemnitees 
in connection with or in any way related to the breach by TEC of any of its 
covenants, agreements, warranties and representations contained in this 
Agreement.

b. Walnut agrees to indemnify and hold harmless TEC and its affiliates, 
subsidiaries, employees, officers, and agents (collectively, the"TEC 
Indemnitees") from any Losses sustained by the TEC Indemnitees in connection 
with or in any way related to (i) any breach by Walnut of any of its covenants, 
agreements, representations or warranties contained in this Agreement and (ii) 
any claims related to or in respect of Walnut's use of the Trade Name, any 
Contract or any proposed Contract; provided, however, to the extent any such 
claim arises as a result of a breach of any Manufacturer's Warranty then such 
claim shall not be indemnifiable by Walnut to such extent.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>76

                                 ARTICLE SEVEN
                                Confidentiality

7.1  Confidentiality.

a.  PPOCEDURES.  All information transmitted by one party to the other during 
the existence of this Agreement or obtained by one party from or through the 
other party pursuant to this Agreement, whether in written or oral form, shall 
be deemed confidential ("Confidential Information"), shall not be used except 
for purposes of this Agreement, and shall not be disclosed to anyone other than 
employees or independent contractors of the recipient. The recipient shall 
undertake to safeguard the Confidential Information, including without 
limitation implementing the following procedures to preserve the 
confidentiality of Confidential Information:

i.  It shall limit access to Confidential Information to those who have need to 
such access; and

ii.  It shall inform those who use or otherwise have access to the Confidential 
Information that they shall maintain such information as confidential.

b.  Excluded Information.  Section 7.1 shall not apply to information if such 
information is:

i.  Known to the recipient, as shown by its pre-existing written records, prior 
to the time of receipt of such information under this Agreement;

ii. Publicly available other than through the fault of the recipient or its 
employees or independent contractors; or

iii. Made available to the recipient from a source under no duty of 
confidentiality to the transmitting party.

7.2  WALNUT ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS.  Walnut acknowledges its responsibility for any 
breach hereof by virtue of the acts or omissions of its employees or 
independent contractors, and of its obligation to remedy any such breach. 
Walnut further acknowledges that in the event of any unauthorized use or 
disclosure of TEC Confidential Information or the threat thereof, injunctive 
relief would be the appropriate remedy available to TEC.

                                 ARTICLE EIGHT
                              Seller; Remarketing

8.1  SELLER.  The parties contemplate that in most cases the Products will be 
sold to Walnut by the Dealers and that in any case Walnut shall have no 
recourse or claim against TEC with respect to the Products or the Contracts, 
except to the extent of any Manufacturer's Warranty as provided in Section 4.1 
hereof .With respect to those Customers that TEC deals with directly, such as 
government accounts, OEM accounts, major retail accounts, value added 
resellers, cooperative marketing opportunity vendors and others, and in the 
event that TEC agrees to directly sell the Products to Walnut, the Products 
shall be sold to Walnut pursuant to the sales agreement in the form of Exhibit 

<PAGE>
<PAGE>77

A attached hereto ("Sales Agreement"). With respect to sales of Products 
pursuant to any such Sales Agreement, TEC shall have no liability or 
responsibility to Walnut except as expressly set forth in this Agreement or in 
such Sales Agreement. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms of 
this Agreement and the terms of the Sales Agreement, the parties agree that the 
terms of this Agreement shall be controlling.

8.2  REMARKETING.  TEC is not required or responsible to assist Walnut in 
remarketing (including reselling or releasing) or to itself remarket any of the 
Products upon the expiration or termination of any Contract; nor is TEC 
required or responsible to repurchase any of the Products upon the expiration 
or termination of any Contract.

                                  ARTICLE NINE
                               General Provisions

9.1  INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS.  Walnut and TEC are separate and independent 
entities, who have entered into this Agreement for independent business 
reasons. Neither Walnut nor TEC have acted, act, or shall be deemed to have 
acted or act, as an agent for or joint venturer or partner with the other.

9.2  DEALERS.  Walnut hereby acknowledges that TEC and the Dealers are separate 
and independent entities and the Dealers shall not be deemed to act as the 
agents for TEC or Walnut. TEC shall have no liability or responsibility for any 
obligation of, representation, warranty or statement made by, or any action or 
inaction, of any Dealer to Walnut or to the Customers.

9.3  TERM AND TERMINATION.  This Agreement shall be deemed effective upon 
execution by Walnut and TEC. The terrn of this Agreement shall continue from 
such effective date for one (1) year and shall automatically renew for 
additional one-year periods unless earlier terminated by TEC or Walnut as 
provided herein. TEC may terminate this Agreement at will, at any time during 
the initial term or any renewal thereof, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
by giving Walnut at least twenty four (24) hours written notice of such 
termination. In the event of a material default hereunder, Walnut may terminate 
this Agreement upon sixty [60] days prior written notice of such material 
default to TEC provided such material default has not been cured within said 
time frame.

9.4  SURVIVAL.  The obligations and agreements set forth in Sections 1.3, 4.1, 
6.1, 7.1 and 7.2 shall survive for an indefinite period after the termination 
or expiration of this Agreement.

9.5  ASSIGNABILITY.  The rights and obligations of the parties hereunder may 
not be assigned or transferred without the prior written consent of the other 
party. Walnut may not assign or transfer its rights and obligations under any 
of the Contracts without the prior written consent of TEC.

9.6  NOTICES.  Notices under this Agreement shall be deemed to have been given 
if mailed, postage prepaid, by registered or certified mail, return receipt 
requested, or delivered by courier service to the other party at the address 
stated below or such other address as such party may have provided by written 
notice. In addition to written notice, the parties shall endeavor to provide 
notices via facsimile transmission.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>78
If to Walnut:   Walnut Equipment Leasing Co., Inc.
                101 West City Avenue, Suite 2128
                P.O. Box 1050
                Bala Cynwyd, PA 19004
                Attn: Kenneth S. Shapiro, V.P.
                Fax: (610) 667-4591

If to TEC:      TEC America, Inc.
                4401-A Bankers Circle
                Atlanta, Georgia 30360
                Attn: Jeff Warren, Controller
                Fax: (404) 449-1152


a.  Section headings appearing in this Agreement are for convenience of 
reference only and shall not modify, define, expand or limit any of the terms 
or provisions hereof.

b.  The parties agree that this Agreement has been executed and delivered in, 
and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Georgia.

c.  If at any time any provision of this Agreement shall be held by any court 
of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, void or unenforceable, such provision 
shall be of no force and effect, but the illegality or unenforceability of such 
provision shall have no effect upon and shall not impair the enforceability of 
any other provision of this Agreement.

d.  This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties 
concerning the subject matter hereof and incorporates all representations made 
in connection with negotiation of the same.

e.  The terms hereof may not be terminated, amended, supplemented or modified 
orally, but only by an instrument duly authorized and executed by each of the 
parties hereto.

f.  This Agreement and any amendments hereto shall be binding upon and inure to 
the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and 
assigns.

g.  This Agreement may be executed by one or more of the parties on any number 
of separate counterparts each of which counterparts shall be an original, but 
all of which when together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same 
instrument.

TEC AMERICA, INC.
BY:s/John W Canary
PRINT NAME:JOHN W CANARY
TITLE: President   

WALNUT EQUIPMENT LEASING CO., INC.
BY: s/William Shapiro
PRINT NAME: WILLIAM SHAPIRO
TITLE:President
               
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE>  5
<LEGEND>
ART. 5 FDS FOR 10-K
</LEGEND>
<MULTIPLIER>  1,000
       
<S>                                                   <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                                         YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                                     APR-30-1995
<PERIOD-END>                                          APR-30-1995
<CASH>                                                      8,958
<SECURITIES>                                                    0
<RECEIVABLES>                                              18,829
<ALLOWANCES>                                                1,413
<INVENTORY>                                                     0
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                                                0
<PP&E>                                                         30
<DEPRECIATION>                                                  7
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                             25,443
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                                           0
<BONDS>                                                    49,337
<COMMON>                                                      102
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                           0
<PREFERRED>                                                     1
<OTHER-SE>                                                (30,145)
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                               25,443
<SALES>                                                     3,979
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                                            3,979
<CGS>                                                           0
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                                   0
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                            3,094
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                            1,636
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                                          4,313
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                            (5,064)
<INCOME-TAX>                                                    0
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                                        (5,064)
<DISCONTINUED>                                                  0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                                 0
<CHANGES>                                                       0
<NET-INCOME>                                               (5,064)
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                                   0
<EPS-DILUTED>                                                   0
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
