-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 bOOoNHUm1Z+yqxsW2KjsgMg1EL0caR0fdQbkbe1UoCu5ifRJJCXd9+7l+xnqqmkE
 jTekG/HpCE5ET1i/GlEzFQ==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000912057-94-001439.txt : 19940425
<IMS-HEADER>0000912057-94-001439.hdr.sgml : 19940425
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000912057-94-001439
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		11
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19940131
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940422

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VARLEN CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000103071
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	3460
		IRS NUMBER:				132651100
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-05374
		FILM NUMBER:		94523844

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		55 SHUMAN BLVD
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 3089
		CITY:			NAPERVILLE
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60566
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7084200400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		55 SHUMAN BLVD
		STREET 2:		P.O. BOX 3089
		CITY:			NAPERVILLE
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60566-7089
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                   FORM 10-K

[X] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
    THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended January 31, 1994

[ ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from               to
                               -------------    ----------------

                          Commission file number 0-5374

                             VARLEN CORPORATION
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------
            (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

            DELAWARE                             13-2651100
- ------------------------------                -----------------
 (State or other jurisdiction of               (I.R.S. Employer
incorporation or organization)               Identification No.)

        55 Shuman Boulevard
           P.O. Box 3089
         Naperville, Illinois                     60566-7089
- ----------------------------------------          ----------
(Address of principal executive offices)          (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code (708) 420-0400
                                                   ---------------
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

     Title of each class                     Name of each exchange
                                             on which registered
            None                                     None
     -------------------                     ---------------------


Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

           Common Stock, par value $.10 per share
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------
                        (Title of Class)

  Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes [X]   No [ ]

  Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of Registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [X]

  The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the
Registrant, as of March 31, 1994, was $103,400,660.

  The number of outstanding shares of the Registrant's Common Stock, par value
$.10 per share, as of the close of business on March 31, 1994, was 4,851,157
shares.

<PAGE>

             DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

1.   The Registrant's 1993 Annual Report to Stockholders is incorporated herein
     by reference to the following extent:   Industry Segments and Officers into
     Part I; and Quarterly Market and Dividend Information, Summary of
     Operations, Summary of  Financial Condition, Shares Listed, Management's
     Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,
     and the Consolidated Balance Sheets, Consolidated Statements of Earnings,
     Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity and Consolidated Statements
     of Cash Flows with related Notes and Independent Auditors' Report into Part
     II.

2.   The Registrant's Proxy Statement filed pursuant to Regulation 14A within
     120 days after January 31, 1994, is incorporated herein by reference to the
     following extent:  The information set forth under the captions, Election
     of Directors, Executive Compensation and Pension Plans, Certain
     Relationships and Related Transactions and Security Ownership of Certain
     Beneficial Owners and Management into Part III.


<PAGE>



                                     PART I

Item I.  BUSINESS

GENERAL

     Varlen Corporation (the "Registrant") designs, manufactures and markets
engineered industrial products primarily for specialized applications in the
transportation and laboratory equipment markets. The Registrant's principal
business strategy is to employ its product development capabilities, advanced
manufacturing processes and marketing skills in market niches where the
Registrant can achieve a market leadership position. The Registrant's operations
are conducted primarily through subsidiaries and a division that are relatively
autonomous, while its small corporate headquarters staff oversees financial
controls and provides strategic direction. Management continually emphasizes
improvements in quality, product performance and delivery time, cost reductions
and other value adding activities. Although many of the markets for the
Registrant's products are mature, the Registrant seeks growth opportunities
through technological and product improvement and by acquiring and developing
new products that can be sold through its existing distribution networks. In
addition, the Registrant's development efforts increasingly focus on new
products specifically designed for international markets.

DEVELOPMENT OF THE COMPANY

     The Registrant was founded by The Dyson-Kissner-Moran Corporation ("DKM")
in 1969 for the purpose of acquiring and managing businesses which manufacture
products for industrial markets. The Registrant's original business produced
parts for the railroad industry; however, over the years the Registrant
diversified its operations to serve many markets. Since 1984, the Registrant has
sold or discontinued smaller businesses, heavily construction-related or bid
businesses and businesses manufacturing commodity products where the Registrant
could not apply its design, manufacturing or marketing skills to create a
competitive advantage. Businesses acquired since 1986 include the Registrant's
heavy duty truck component business, automotive parts business, laboratory
appliance and petroleum analysis instrument and testing services businesses.
Although each of these businesses presents unique design and marketing
challenges, they each employ basic manufacturing processes, such as machining,
forging, casting, metal forming, welding and plastic molding, that have
historically been at the core of the Registrant's operations.  In January 1993,
the Registrant purchased all of its outstanding stock owned by DKM.

     The following table sets forth certain basic information with respect to
the Registrant's current businesses, which are divided into two industry
segments: transportation products and laboratory and other products.





<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                              PRODUCTS                PRIMARY MARKETS

TRANSPORTATION PRODUCTS
 SEGMENT

<S>                   <C>                         <C>
Keystone Railway      Railroad shock absorption   Locomotive and railcar
 Equipment Company    products including          manufacturers, lessors,
                      hydraulic cushioning,       railroads, railcar
                      draft gears and             maintenance facilities;
                      elastomeric pads; hopper    mine, mill, off-highway
                      car outlet gates.           vehicle manufacturers.
                                                  Domestic and international
                                                  markets.

Unit Rail Anchor      Railroad track fastening    Railroad and track
 Company              systems.                    contractors.  Domestic
                                                  and international markets.

Consolidated Metco,   Truck and trailer hubs.     Class 8 trucks, over the
 Inc.                 Aluminum permanent mold     road trailers and office
                      and die castings, fuel      equipment manufacturers.
                      water separators and
                      structural foam plastic
                      parts.

Means Industries,     Precision high volume       Original equipment
 Inc.                 stamped metal components    automotive manufacturers
                      and automatic transmission  and tier 1 suppliers to
                      reaction plates.            the automotive industry.
                                                  After-market transmission
                                                  rebuilders.  Parts are
                                                  found on cars, trucks and
                                                  vans.

LABORATORY AND OTHER PRODUCTS
 SEGMENT

Precision Scientific, Constant temperature        Industrial, governmental,
 Inc.                 appliances including        educational and clinical
                      waterbaths, incubators,     research and development
                      ovens, autoclaves.          laboratories.  Markets
                                                  worldwide.

Precision Scientific  Process instruments for     Quality control and
 Petroleum Instru-    physical property           process analysis for oil
 ments Company        analysis of petroleum       refineries, petro-
                      products.                   chemical plants,
                                                  petroleum trans-
                                                  porters and end users.
                                                  Markets worldwide.

Alcor Petroleum       Laboratory instruments,     Quality control analysis
 Instruments, Inc.    testing services and        for jet fuel.  Markets
                      reference samples for       worldwide.
                      physical property
                      analysis of petroleum
                      products.
</TABLE>


<PAGE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                              PRODUCTS                PRIMARY MARKETS

<S>                   <C>                         <C>
Walter Herzog GmbH    Laboratory instruments      Quality control analysis
                      for physical property       for oil refineries,
                      analysis of petroleum       petrochemical plants,
                      products.                   petroleum transporters
                                                  and end users. Markets
                                                  worldwide.

National Metalwares,  Fabricated tubular steel    Household, institutional
 Inc.                 products.                   and juvenile furniture
                                                  manufacturers, lawn and
                                                  garden and toy manufac-
                                                  turers.
</TABLE>

TRANSPORTATION PRODUCTS

     In the transportation products segment, the Registrant serves three basic
markets: the railroad industry, the heavy duty truck and trailer industries and
the automotive industry.

     RAIL

     For the railroad industry, the Registrant's most extensive line of products
is its hydraulic cushioning and draft gear shock absorption devices, which are
designed to minimize or prevent the damage that locomotives and freight cars and
their cargo can incur during coupling and normal operations. The Registrant
believes that it is the only company which offers railroads a complete range of
such devices utilizing hydraulic, steel friction and synthetic polymer
technologies. Hydraulic cushioning devices weigh between 800 and 1200 pounds and
are between three and five feet in length. Hydraulic cushioning is the preferred
method of protecting high value freight (such as automobiles, paper, and
construction products) from damage during shipment. The Registrant believes it
is the leading producer of hydraulic cushioning devices for North American
railroads. Draft gears weigh between 150 and 700 pounds and are between one and
three feet in length. The Registrant's draft gears are used on locomotives and
rail cars transporting less easily damaged goods (coal, ore, grains, etc.),
where such devices serve to protect the rail cars themselves from damage. The
Registrant provides shock absorption devices to builders of new freight cars and
locomotives and also refurbishes and retrofits devices already in service,
including models originally manufactured by others.

     The Registrant is also a leading producer of rail anchors for North
American railroads and believes it offers the broadest range of styles and sizes
of these products. Rail anchors are precision, forged steel devices which are
attached directly to the rail track and are designed to prevent the rail from
longitudinal movement or buckling as a result of traffic and temperature
conditions. Approximately 5,000 to 8,000 rail anchors are used per mile of
track. Rail anchors are manufactured to customer orders, usually in large
numbers requiring careful production scheduling, and are required to meet
specifications of organizations such as the American Railway Engineering
Association. The Registrant also produces outlet gates designed to permit the
discharge of a commodity from a covered hopper car.

<PAGE>

     Through ongoing product development, the Registrant is committed to
expanding its market share in both the North American and international railroad
industries. Currently, the Registrant is focusing on opportunities in Europe,
Asia, the former Soviet Union and other international markets. The Registrant
believes that its experience and technological leadership in the North American
railroad freight market can be successfully transferred to international
markets. As the European community opens its borders, European rail hauls are
expected to become longer and to use heavier cars, requiring more sophisticated
shock absorption products. The Registrant has already developed and obtained
approval from the Union Internationale des Chemins de Fer (the European
railroads standards organization) for a product designed specifically for use by
European railroads.

     North American railroads have been increasing their share of the freight
transportation market.  The Registrant believes that this increase should create
demand for the Registrant's products as new rail cars are built, old rail cars
are refurbished and the railroads expend funds to maintain and improve their
tracks. As freight railroad systems are expanded and updated throughout the
world, the Registrant believes that its wide-range of highly engineered products
should be well positioned to meet the growing demand.

     In the rail products portion of its business, the Registrant's products
compete on engineering features, quality, service and price. There are a small
number of manufacturers in each of the shock absorption device markets and the
rail anchor markets.  New competitors in the Registrant's rail products markets
have been discouraged from entering these markets because of the relatively
large capital investment required, the time it takes to receive railroad
approval of particular designs and products and the relatively mature status
of these markets. However, the existing competitors in these markets continue
to compete intensely.

     HEAVY DUTY TRUCKS AND TRAILERS

     The Registrant designs, manufactures and markets lightweight components for
heavy duty over-the-road trucks and trailers. These components include axle
hubs, parts for suspension systems and clutch housings and are made using
permanent mold, die casting and structural foam plastic processes.

     The Registrant's customer base in this area includes both original truck
and trailer manufacturers and end-user fleets. The Registrant's cast aluminum
products offer significant weight savings over available iron or forged aluminum
products without sacrificing strength. For example, the Registrant's aluminum
axle hubs are up to 320 pounds lighter than iron hubs on an 18 wheel
tractor-trailer. Due to U.S. highway weight regulations, lightweight components
can be an important consideration for heavy payload haulers. By saving on their
truck weight, haulers can carry an increased payload or, alternatively, increase
fuel efficiency.

<PAGE>

     The Registrant's truck component business has benefitted from its new
product development, its customer base expansion and its relationships with key
customers, such as Freightliner and Paccar, who have been increasing their
market share in this industry. With certain of these customers, the Registrant
has been able to establish itself as a sole source supplier of certain
components.

     The Registrant's heavy duty truck products compete on quality, engineering
expertise, delivery and price. These products compete with those manufactured
from different materials or using different industrial processes. The Registrant
believes that its ability to offer customers products that are designed and
engineered to their specifications is a competitive advantage in establishing
and maintaining these customer relationships and enhances its opportunities for
expansion in export markets.

     AUTOMOTIVE

     For the automotive industry, the Registrant produces precision stamped
metal components for use in engine, steering, transmission and suspension
systems. The Registrant's ability to design and engineer tight tolerance
components that can be manufactured in high volume with high quality ratings has
enabled it to become a direct supplier to original equipment manufacturers,
principally divisions of General Motors Corporation ("GM"),  Chrysler
Corporation ("Chrysler") and Ford Motor Company ("Ford"). The Registrant also
sells automotive parts to both U.S. and foreign-owned manufacturers that sell
directly to GM, Ford, Chrysler and U.S. production facilities of foreign-owned
automobile manufacturers. While the Registrant produces parts for all North
American GM passenger vehicles, the principal GM platforms for the Registrant's
automotive products consist of light trucks, vans, sport utility vehicles and
rear-wheel drive passenger cars. Parts are also produced for many Chrysler
models, including the "LH" and "Neon" program's, and for many Ford products, but
primarily the CT-20 platform used in Ford's Escort and Tracer models.

     The Registrant's automotive business has been helped by increasing industry
sales and through providing parts for popular new models and platforms.  Among
the Registrant's principal automotive products are steel reaction plates that
are primarily used in light truck transmissions, including mini-vans and sport
utility vehicles whose sales have increased as a percentage of the overall
passenger vehicle market. The Registrant believes growth opportunities should
present themselves as newer vehicle models which utilize components manufactured
by the Registrant achieve market acceptance and the Registrant's components
receive further acceptance by foreign-owned automotive related manufacturers.

     Competition for the sale of these products is intense, coming from numerous
companies, including divisions of GM, Ford and Chrysler, which have comparable
facilities and greater financial and other resources than the Registrant. The
Registrant competes for sales of these products on quality, just-in-time
delivery and price.

     OTHER INFORMATION

     Marketing of the Registrant's transportation products is done through sales
personnel employed by the Registrant and independent sales representatives. Each
product group is sold through separate marketing and distribution channels to a
different customer base. The Registrant's

<PAGE>

automotive parts business uses an internal sales force to market its products
directly to its customers.

     The primary materials used for the manufacture of products in the
transportation products segment are cold rolled and hot rolled steel, special
alloy steel, bar, castings, forgings, tubing and rod, aluminum ingots and
plastic resin. The Registrant has not experienced any difficulties in obtaining
such materials, although long lead times exist for certain steel products.  The
machinery and equipment used for the manufacturing of these products, which
management considers adequate for current operations, consist primarily of heavy
duty forging and heat-treating equipment, metal cutting machine tools, heavy
duty metal stamping equipment, welding equipment, injection molding presses,
casting equipment, tools, dies, furnaces, molds, painting and plating equipment.

     Backlog for this industry segment was $46.2 million, $44.2 million and
$33.4 million as of January 31, 1994, January 31, 1993 and January 31, 1992,
respectively. All of the current backlog is expected to be filled during the
current fiscal year.

     Sales of transportation products to Freightliner and GM amounted to 14% and
11% of the Registrant's total sales in 1993, 12% and 11% in 1992 and 11% and 11%
in 1991, respectively. In addition, the Registrant's sales of shock absorption
devices and related parts for railroad freight cars and locomotive engines
accounted for 14%, 14% and 12% of the Registrant's total sales in 1993, 1992 and
1991, respectively.

LABORATORY AND OTHER PRODUCTS

     In the laboratory and other products segment, the Registrant produces the
following categories of products: laboratory appliances, petroleum analysis
instruments, petroleum reference samples and tubular steel components.  The
Registrant also provides testing services which test customer's petroleum
products for certain attributes.

     LABORATORY APPLIANCES

     The Registrant designs, manufactures and markets laboratory appliances for
the life sciences industry, which include water baths, ovens, micro-biological
and cell biology incubators, autoclaves, safety refrigerators and vacuum pumps.
These products are designed primarily to provide constant temperature conditions
for organic research materials. These products are sold under well established
brand names, such as "Precision-TM-" and "NAPCO-TM-". The Registrant's
laboratory appliances are marketed domestically and internationally, primarily
through four major distributors (Fisher Scientific, VWR Scientific, Baxter
Scientific Products and Curtin Matheson Scientific, Inc.). This market
consists of industrial, educational, clinical and governmental laboratories.
The Registrant's marketing staff provides sales support to the Registrant's
distributors.  Because laboratory appliances of the type produced by the
Registrant are essential to many life sciences research projects, the level of
governmental and private sector spending for research affects sales of the
Registrant's laboratory appliances. The Registrant believes that a moderation in
pharmaceutical and biotechnology research in recent years has been an important
factor affecting sales of the Registrant's laboratory appliances.

<PAGE>

     Since the acquisition of these laboratory appliance businesses, the
Registrant has invested in re-engineering and updating its products and
production techniques in order to improve product quality, shorten production
cycle time and lower manufacturing costs. In recent years, emphasis has been
placed on international markets, including direct export sales and sales to U.S.
distributors for foreign end-users.  The Registrant's laboratory appliance
business competes on product quality, features, reliability, delivery and price.
User brand preference and the ability to maintain strong relationships with its
distribution system and to provide customer service are of prime competitive
importance as there is significant worldwide competition from several companies
that specialize in the production of similar products in this fragmented
industry.

     PETROLEUM ANALYSIS INSTRUMENTS AND RELATED SERVICES

     The Registrant designs, manufactures and markets instruments which analyze
the physical properties of petroleum, such as freeze point, flash point, pour
point, viscosity and vapor pressure; engages in the testing of petroleum
products; and sells petroleum product reference samples.  The instruments,
testing services and reference samples are used for quality assurance purposes,
to test for compliance with industry standards and to enhance refinery
efficiency. These products and services are used in petroleum refineries and by
end-users of petroleum products. The instruments consist of on-line process
analyzers and automatic and manual laboratory analyzers. The on-line analyzers
are used to help control the refining process, by constantly sampling the stream
of petroleum products to provide data which assists in the fine-tuning of the
refining process.  Testing services are provided at the Registrant's in-house
facility which tests customer's petroleum products for thermal stability and
viscosity.  Petroleum reference samples are used to calibrate petroleum
analyzers to proper specifications.

     The Registrant's petroleum analysis instruments are sold world-wide to over
600 petroleum refiners and to transporters, governmental agencies, pipeline
companies and large users of petroleum products (airlines, railroads and the
U.S. military). Although the number of U.S. refineries is declining, the
Registrant's sales to overseas refiners and to existing refineries in the
process of upgrading and automating their production processes are expected to
provide growth opportunities in these product lines. The Registrant recently
brought to market new instruments which are helping to meet the petroleum
industry's growing need for quality control and increased process and laboratory
productivity. The Registrant's ability to engineer on-line analyzers for
specific applications and to provide timely service at their place of
installation is of competitive importance. With manufacturing facilities in the
United States and Germany, the Registrant believes it is well-positioned to
maintain a leading position in this global market. The Registrant's petroleum
analysis instruments compete primarily on product quality, engineering features,
reliability and service.  There are a small number of competitors in this
limited market, some of which use alternate technologies.


<PAGE>

     TUBULAR STEEL COMPONENTS

     The Registrant is a leading integrated manufacturer of tubular steel
components for consumer products, primarily in the household, juvenile and
commercial furniture industries, but also for manufacturers of lawn and garden
equipment and toys. While these markets have weakened during the past three
years due to competition from imports, reduction in the number of potential
customers and the recession, the Registrant's tubular steel component business
has remained profitable by aggressively reducing costs and adding new customers
who can benefit from the Registrant's ability to totally control engineering,
manufacturing, fabrication and chrome plating or painting at its facilities.
This business competes primarily on its overall ability to design products to
meet its customer's needs, delivery and price. It competes with numerous U.S.
manufacturers, including the in-house operations of existing and potential
customers, and its competitive position is affected by the import of finished
goods that compete with the products manufactured by its customers.

     OTHER INFORMATION

     The primary materials used for the manufacture of the products in this
segment are stainless steel, cold rolled carbon steel and electronic components.
The Registrant has not experienced any difficulties in obtaining such materials.
Marketing of these products is done through company sales personnel, independent
sales representatives and distributors throughout the U.S. and international
markets. The machinery and equipment used for the manufacturing of these
products, which management considers adequate for current operations, consist
primarily of tube mills and metal forming, fabrication, welding, plating and
painting equipment, together with a complement of tools, dies, jigs and gauges.

     Backlog for this industry segment was $8.4 million, $7.8 million and $12.1
million as of January 31, 1994, January 31, 1993 and January 31, 1992,
respectively. All of the current backlog is expected to be filled during the
current fiscal year. In addition, the Registrant's sales of petroleum analysis
instruments and related parts accounted for 10%, 11% and 11% of the Registrant's
total sales in 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

     In 1993, 1992 and 1991, the Registrant spent $4.3 million, $3.6 million and
$2.8 million, respectively, on research and development activities, all of which
was Registrant sponsored. Of these amounts, research and development spending on
new products was $1.8 million, $1.5 million and $1.3 million for 1993, 1992 and
1991, respectively.

PATENTS, TRADE NAMES AND TRADEMARKS

     The Registrant applies for and maintains patents, trade names and
trademarks where the Registrant believes that such patents, trade names and
trademarks are reasonably required to protect the Registrant's rights in its
products. The Registrant does not believe that any single patent, trade name or
trademark or related group of such rights, other than the "Precision-TM-",
"NAPCO-TM-" and "Herzog" trade names and related trademarks, are materially
important to its businesses or its ability to compete. In many instances the
Registrant's technology is not patented but is maintained by the Registrant as
proprietary.

<PAGE>

SEASONALITY

     In non-recessionary times, the Registrant's first quarter has historically
been the strongest quarter of the year. During the second and fourth quarters,
the Registrant traditionally encounters scheduled shutdowns and slowdowns at
customers' manufacturing plants and reduced sales in the laboratory and other
products segment. During the second and third quarters, the Registrant generally
experiences a slowing of railbed maintenance of way orders.

EMPLOYEES

     As of January 31, 1994, the Registrant employed a total of 2,030 persons,
1,346 of whom were employed in its Transportation Products segment, 667 of whom
were employed in its Laboratory and Other Products segment and 17 of whom were
employed at the Registrant's corporate headquarters. Of the employees employed
by the Transportation Products and Laboratory and Other Products segments, 579
and 383, respectively, are covered by collective bargaining agreements.  The
Registrant believes it has a good working relationship with its employees.

ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS

     The Registrant's manufacturing operations are subject to federal, state,
local and foreign environmental laws and regulations which impose limitations on
the discharge of pollutants into the air and water and establish standards for
the treatment, storage and disposal of hazardous waste. The Registrant has
established a Company-wide environmental compliance program that stresses
periodic environmental audits and management review of compliance procedures at
the operating company level. The Registrant believes that it is in substantial
compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations.

Compliance with these environmental laws and regulations has not had, nor is it
expected to have, a material effect on the Registrant's earnings, competitive
position or capital expenditures through fiscal 1995.  The amount of capital
expenditures expected to be spent on environmental compliance costs in fiscal
1994 and 1995 are approximately $153,000 and $160,000, respectively.
<PAGE>


EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

Reference is made to the information set forth under the caption "Officers" on
the inside back cover of the Registrant's 1993 Annual Report to Stockholders,
which information is hereby incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.  PROPERTIES

The following table sets forth certain information with respect to the principal
properties of the Registrant.  The expiration date of each applicable lease is
given for leased properties; all other properties are owned.  Unless otherwise
noted, all properties are manufacturing facilities.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                         Expiration Date   Approximate
                         Approximate        of Lease         Capacity
Operation                Square Feet    (If applicable)   Utilization(1)
- ---------                -----------    ---------------   --------------
<S>                      <C>            <C>               <C>

 Executive Office         10,000(2)      10/15/97             N/A
 Naperville, IL

Transportation Products
- -----------------------

 Atchison, KS                  50,000(3)          N/A              42%
 Camp Hill, PA                105,000             N/A              60%
 McPherson, KS                 95,000(3)          N/A              60%
 Saginaw, MI                   77,000             N/A              75%
 Melvindale, MI                45,000             N/A              75%
 Vassar, MI                    76,000             N/A              60%
 Portland, OR                 179,000             N/A              85%
 Monroe, NC                    66,000             N/A              85%
 Clackamas, OR                 55,000             N/A              85%
 Cashiers, NC                  80,000             N/A              85%

Laboratory and Other Products
- -----------------------------

 Aurora, IL                   166,000             N/A              65%
 Chicago, IL                  125,000           9/15/97            50%
 Bellwood, IL                  35,000           5/31/96            26%
 San Antonio, TX               28,000           4/30/99            24%
 Lauda, Germany                24,000             N/A              22%
 Lauda, Germany                 6,000           6/30/95            22%

Discontinued Operations
- -----------------------

 McPherson, KS                 54,000(4)          N/A              N/A
 Bell Gardens, CA              18,000             N/A              63%
 Chicago, IL                   32,000             N/A              50%

<FN>

(1)  Full capacity being deemed a 24 hour day, 7 day week for this purpose.
(2)  Office space.
(3)  Treated as a financing lease for financial reporting purposes.
(4)  Idle plant.
N/A  Not applicable.

</TABLE>
<PAGE>

Item 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

Not applicable

Item 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

Not applicable

                                     PART II

Item 5.  MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
         MATTERS

Reference is made to the information set forth under the captions "Quarterly
Market and Dividend Information" and "Shares Listed" in the Registrant's 1993
Annual Report to Stockholders, which information is hereby incorporated herein
by reference.  Note:  The information contained under the caption "Quarterly
Market and Dividend Information" in the Registrant's 1993 Annual Report includes
over-the-counter market quotations which reflect interdealer prices, without
retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual
transactions.

Item 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

Reference is made to the information set forth under the captions "Summary of
Operations" and "Summary of Financial Condition" in the Registrant's 1993 Annual
Report to Stockholders, which information is hereby incorporated herein by
reference.

Item 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
         RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Reference is made to the information set forth under the caption, "Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in the
Registrant's 1993 Annual Report to Stockholders, which information is hereby
incorporated herein by reference.

Item 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

Reference is made to the information set forth under the captions "Consolidated
Balance Sheets", "Consolidated Statements of Earnings", "Consolidated Statements
of Stockholders' Equity",  "Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows", "Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements" and "Independent Auditors' Report" in the
Registrant's 1993 Annual Report to  Stockholders, which information is hereby
incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.   CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
          FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

Not applicable

<PAGE>

                                    PART III

Item 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

Reference is made to the information set forth under the caption "Election of
Directors" in the Registrant's Proxy Statement filed pursuant to Regulation 14A
within 120 days after January 31, 1994, which information is hereby incorporated
herein by reference, and to the information set forth under the caption
"Executive Officers of the Registrant", which appears as a separate item
immediately preceding Item 2 included in PART I hereof, which information is
hereby incorporated herein by reference.

None of the executive officers bear any family relationship to one another.  The
executive officers of the Registrant are elected annually by the Board of
Directors.

Item 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

Reference is made to the information set forth under the captions "Executive
Compensation" and "Certain Relationships and Related Transactions" in the
Registrant's Proxy Statement filed pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days
after January 31, 1994, which information is hereby incorporated herein by
reference.

Item 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

Reference is made to the information set forth under the captions "Election of
Directors" and "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management"
in the Registrant's Proxy Statement filed pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120
days after January 31, 1994, which information is hereby incorporated herein by
reference.

Item 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

Reference is made to the information set forth under the captions "Election of
Directors" and "Certain Relationships and Related Transactions"  in the
Registrant's Proxy Statement filed pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days
after January 31, 1994, which information is hereby incorporated herein by
reference.

                                     PART IV

Item 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

  (a)(1),
  (a)(2)
   & (d) FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

          The consolidated financial statements, together with the related notes
          and supporting schedules filed as part of this Form 10-K, are listed
          in the accompanying Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and
          Schedules.

<PAGE>

     (b)  REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

          None

  (a)(3)
   & (c)  EXHIBITS

          Set forth below is a list of the Exhibits to this Form 10-K in
          accordance with the requirements of Items 14(a) (3) and (c) of Form
          10-K and Item 601 of Regulation S-K:

(3)  (i)  Registrant's Articles of Incorporation, as amended
          (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit (3)(a)
          to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
          the fiscal year ended January 31, 1988).

     (ii) Registrant's By-laws, as amended (incorporated herein
          by reference to Exhibit (3)(b) to the Registrant's
          Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
          January 31, 1987).

(4)  (a)  Revolving Credit Agreement by and among the Registrant, the Borrowing
          Subsidiaries, the Lenders Party Thereto and The First National Bank of
          Chicago, as Agent, dated as of December 6, 1993.

(10) (a)  Registrant's 1980 Incentive Stock Option Plan, as amended
          (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit (10)(b) to the
          Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
          January 31, 1989) and as further amended on March 26, 1990
          (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit (10)(b) to the
          Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
          January 31, 1990).

     (b)  Varlen Corporation Profit Sharing and Retirement Savings Plan
          (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit(10)(c) to the
          Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
          January 31, 1987), as amended on February 19, 1987, December 10, 1987,
          April 11, 1988, November 28, 1988 and August 29, 1989  (incorporated
          herein by reference to Exhibit (10)(c) to the Registrant's Annual
          Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 1990), as
          further amended on December 1, 1992 (incorporated herein by reference
          to Exhibit 10(h) to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
          the fiscal year ended January 31, 1993), as further amended and
          restated on August 1, 1993 (incorporated herein by reference to
          Exhibit (10) to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
          quarter ended July 31, 1993).

     (c)  Registrant's 1989 Incentive Stock Option Plan,  (incorporated herein
          by reference to Exhibit (10)(h) to the Registrant's Annual Report on
          Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 1989) and as further
          amended on March 26, 1990 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
          (10)(g) to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
          year ended January 31, 1990).

<PAGE>

     (d)  Varlen Corporation Excess Benefits Plan (incorporated herein by
          reference to Exhibit (10)(i) to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form
          10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 1990).

     (e)  Varlen Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan
          (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit (10)(j) to the
          Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
          January 31, 1990).

     (f)  Trust Agreement Between Varlen Corporation and Fidelity Management
          Trust Company dated November 30, 1992 (incorporated herein by
          reference to Exhibit (10)(g) to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form
          10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 1993).

     (g)  Stock Purchase Agreement dated December 17, 1992 between The Dyson-
          Kissner-Moran Corporation and the Registrant (incorporated herein by
          reference to Exhibit 5(a) to the Registrant's Report on Form 8-K dated
          January 8, 1993).

     (h)  Form of letter agreement between the Registrant and Richard L. Wellek
          (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit (10)(j) to the
          Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
          January 31, 1993).

     (i)  Form of letter agreement between the Registrant and each of Richard A.
          Nunemaker, Raymond A. Jean and George W. Hoffman (incorporated herein
          by reference to Exhibit (10)(k) to the Registrant's Annual Report on
          Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 1993).

     (j)  Trust Indenture for the Registrant's $69,000,000 6 1/2% Convertible
          Subordinated Debentures Due 2003 from the Registrant to the Harris
          Trust and Savings Bank (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
          (4) to the Registrant's Report on Form 8-K dated May 27, 1993).

     (k)  Registrant's 1993 Incentive Stock Option Plan adopted May 25, 1993.

     (l)  Registrant's 1993 Directors Incentive Stock Grant Plan adopted
          May 25, 1993.

     (m)  Registrant's 1993 Deferred Incentive Stock Purchase Plan adopted May
          25, 1993.

(11)      Computation of Per Share Earnings for the Fiscal Years Ended January
          31, 1994, 1993 and 1992.

(13)      1993 Annual Report to Stockholders.

(21)      List of Subsidiaries.

(23)      Consent of Deloitte & Touche.

(24)      Board of Directors' power of attorney for the signing of Varlen
          Corporation's 1993 Annual Report on Form 10-K.

(27)      Financial Data Schedule.

<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES


Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                              VARLEN CORPORATION
                                 (Registrant)




                              By /s/ Richard A. Nunemaker
                                 ------------------------
                                 Richard A. Nunemaker
                                 Vice President, Finance and
                                 Chief Financial Officer




Dated: April 22, 1994


Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report
has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and
in the capacities and on the dates indicated.


Signature                 Title                    Date
- ---------                 -----                    ----

/s/ Richard L. Wellek     President, Chief         April 22, 1994
- ---------------------     Executive Officer
Richard L. Wellek         and Director
                          (Principal Executive
                          Officer)




/s/ Richard A. Nunemaker  Vice President, Finance  April 22, 1994
- ------------------------  and Chief Financial
Richard A. Nunemaker      Officer
                          (Principal Financial
                          Officer and Principal
                          Accounting Officer)


<PAGE>


Signature                                            Date
- ---------                                            ----



/s/ Richard A. Nunemaker                           April 22, 1994

- -------------------------
Richard A. Nunemaker
as attorney-in-fact for
Rudolph Grua, Director


/s/ Richard A. Nunemaker                           April 22, 1994
- -------------------------
Richard A. Nunemaker
as attorney-in-fact for
Ernest H. Lorch, Director


/s/ Richard A. Nunemaker                           April 22, 1994
- -------------------------
Richard A. Nunemaker
as attorney-in-fact for
L. William Miles, Director


/s/ Richard A. Nunemaker                           April 22, 1994
- -------------------------
Richard A. Nunemaker
as attorney-in-fact for
Greg A. Rosenbaum, Director


/s/ Richard A. Nunemaker                           April 22, 1994
- -------------------------
Richard A. Nunemaker
as attorney-in-fact for
Theodore A. Ruppert, Director

<PAGE>


                               VARLEN CORPORATION
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES


                            Annual Report (Form 10-K)

                 Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules

                        Submitted in Response to Item 14

                   Years ended January 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992



<PAGE>


                               VARLEN CORPORATION
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES

  Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

The consolidated balance sheets of the Registrant and subsidiaries as of January
31, 1994 and 1993, and the related consolidated statements of earnings,
consolidated statements of stockholders' equity and consolidated statements of
cash flows  for each of the years in the three-year period ended January 31,
1994, together with the related notes and the report of Deloitte & Touche,
independent auditors, all contained in the Registrant's 1993 Annual Report to
Stockholders, are incorporated herein by reference thereto.  The following
additional consolidated financial information should be read in conjunction with
the consolidated financial statements in such 1993 Annual Report to
Stockholders.  All other schedules are omitted as the required information is
inapplicable or the information is presented in the financial statements or
related notes.

ADDITIONAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

   -  Schedules:

     -     V - Property, Plant, and Equipment
     -    VI - Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization
               of Property, Plant, and Equipment
     -  VIII - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
     -     X - Supplementary Income Statement Information

<PAGE>

DELOITTE & TOUCHE
[LOGO]

Two Prudential Plaza
180 North Stetson Avenue
Chicago, Illinois 60601-6779

Telephone: (312)946-3000
Facsimile: (312)946-2600


INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT



Board of Directors and Stockholders
Varlen Corporation
Naperville, Illinois

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Varlen Corporation
and subsidiaries as of January 31, 1994 and 1993, and for each of the three
years in the period ended January 31, 1994, and have issued our report thereon
dated March 7, 1994; such consolidated financial statements and report are
included in your 1993 Annual Report to Stockholders and are incorporated herein
by reference. Our audits also included the consolidated financial statement
schedules of Varlen Corporation and subsidiaries, listed in Item 14.  These
consolidated financial statement schedules are the responsibility of the
Corporation's management.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion based
upon our audits. In our opinion, such consolidated financial statement
schedules, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial
statements taken as a whole, present fairly in all material respects the
information set forth therein.

/s/Deloitte & Touche


March 7, 1994

DELOITTE TOUCHE
TOHMATSU
INTERNATIONAL

<PAGE>
                                                            SCHEDULE V


                               VARLEN CORPORATION
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES

                          Property, Plant and Equipment

                       Three years ended January 31, 1994
                                 (in thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                    Balance at                                       Balance
Classification      beginning   Additions   Retirements              at end
period              of period    at cost     or sales    Other     of period
- --------------      ---------   ---------   ---------   -------    ---------
<S>                 <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>        <C>
Year ended
 1/31/94:
 Land               $ 3,624      $   ---      $  240    $   (376)   $  3,008
 Buildings           23,575          944       1,907        (147)     22,465
 Machinery &
  equipment          72,446       10,296       1,452         (63)     81,227
                    -------      -------      ------    --------    --------
                    $99,645      $11,240      $3,599    $   (586)   $106,700
                    -------      -------      ------    --------    --------
                    -------      -------      ------    --------    --------
                                                           (a)(b)

Year ended
 1/31/93:
 Land               $ 4,271      $   ---      $  672    $     25     $ 3,624
 Buildings           24,328        1,018       2,011         240      23,575
 Machinery &
  equipment          66,308        8,549       1,854        (557)     72,446
                    -------      -------      ------    --------    --------

                    $94,907      $ 9,567      $4,537    $   (292)    $99,645
                    -------      -------      ------    --------    --------
                    -------      -------      ------    --------    --------
                                                           (a)

Year ended
 1/31/92:
 Land               $ 4,274      $   ---      $  ---    $     (3)    $ 4,271
 Buildings           23,706          604         ---          18      24,328
 Machinery &
  equipment          59,870        7,345         858         (49)     66,308
                    -------      -------      ------    --------    --------

                    $87,850      $ 7,949      $  858    $    (34)    $94,907
                    -------      -------      ------    --------    --------
                    -------      -------      ------    --------    --------
                                                            (a)

<FN>

(a)  Includes reclassifications and foreign currency translation adjustments.

(b)  Includes property, plant and equipment of companies acquired.

</TABLE>

<PAGE>

                                                                 Schedule VI

                               VARLEN CORPORATION
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES

                  Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization of
                          Property, Plant and Equipment



                       Three years ended January 31, 1994
                                 (in thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                 Balance at
Classification   beginning     Depreciation  Retirements, sales   Balance at
period           of period      expense (a)      and other      end of period
- --------------   ----------    ------------  ------------------ -------------
<S>              <C>           <C>           <C>                <C>
Year ended
 1/31/94:
 Buildings       $ 6,719         $ 1,016          $  268            $ 7,467
 Machinery &
  equipment       38,147           9,279           1,060             46,366
                 -------         -------          ------            -------
                 $44,866         $10,295          $1,328            $53,833
                 -------         -------          ------            -------
                 -------         -------          ------            -------
                                                    (b)

Year ended
 1/31/93:
 Buildings       $ 5,583          $1,185          $   49            $ 6,719
 Machinery &
  equipment       30,888           8,303           1,044             38,147
                 -------         -------          ------            -------

                 $36,471          $9,488          $1,093            $44,866
                 -------         -------          ------            -------
                 -------         -------          ------            -------
                                                    (b)

Year ended
 1/31/92:
 Buildings       $ 4,166          $1,113          $ (304)           $ 5,583
 Machinery &
  equipment       24,108           7,681             901             30,888
                 -------         -------          ------            -------

                 $28,274          $8,794         $   597            $36,471
                 -------         -------          ------            -------
                 -------         -------          ------            -------
                                                    (b)

<FN>

(a)  Depreciation of property, plant, and equipment is computed by the
     straight-line method using the following useful lives:

               Classification                Years
               --------------                -----
               Buildings                     10-45
               Machinery & Equipment          3-12

(b)  Includes reclassifications and foreign currency translation adjustments.

</TABLE>

<PAGE>

                                                                SCHEDULE VIII

                               VARLEN CORPORATION
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES

                        Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                       Three years ended January 31, 1994
                                 (in thousands)
                                       Additions
                        Balance at      charged to                Balance
                        beginning       costs and                 at end
   Description          of period       expenses     Deductions  of period
   -----------          ---------       --------     ----------  ---------
<S>                     <C>             <C>          <C>         <C>
Valuation accounts
deducted from assets
to which they apply:

Allowance for
doubtful accounts
(deducted from
accounts receivable):

 Year ended 1/31/94      $1,826         $  256       $  875(a)   $1,207
 Year ended 1/31/93       1,490            630          294(a)    1,826
 Year ended 1/31/92       1,762            450          722(a)    1,490

Allowance related to
deferred tax assets:

  Year ended 1/31/94     $1,423         $   42       $  ---      $1,465
  Year ended 1/31/93      1,423            ---          ---       1,423
  Year ended 1/31/92      1,423            ---          ---       1,423

Valuation accounts
related to reserve
for loss on disposal
of discontinued
operations:

Year ended 1/31/94       $  378         $  ---       $ (233)(b)  $  611
Year ended 1/31/93          ---            ---         (378)(b)     378
Year ended 1/31/92          579            ---          579 (b)     ---

<FN>

(a)  Write-offs, net of recoveries, foreign currency translation adjustments
     and reserves related to certain companies disposed of during the period.

(b)  Losses incurred on disposition of assets and operating earnings and losses
     (gains) subsequent to date of discontinuance charged (credited) to the
     valuation account.

</TABLE>

<PAGE>


                                                                 SCHEDULE X
                               VARLEN CORPORATION
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   Supplementary Income Statement Information



                       Three Years Ended January 31, 1994
                                   (in thousands)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                               Charged to costs and expenses
                                    Year ended January 31
                                -----------------------------
     Item                        1994        1993        1992
     ----                        ----        ----        ----
<S>                             <C>         <C>         <C>
Maintenance and repairs         $7,302      $5,546      $4,747

Amortization of intangible      $2,606      $2,452      $2,450
  assets

</TABLE>

<PAGE>








                                INDEX TO EXHIBIT

(3)  (i)  Registrant's Articles of Incorporation, as amended
          (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit (3)(a)
          to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
          the fiscal year ended January 31, 1988).

     (ii) Registrant's By-laws, as amended (incorporated herein
          by reference to Exhibit (3)(b) to the Registrant's
          Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
          January 31, 1987).

(4)  (a)  Revolving Credit Agreement by and among the Registrant, the Borrowing
          Subsidiaries, the Lenders Party Thereto and The First National Bank of
          Chicago, as Agent, dated as of December 6, 1993.

(10) (a)  Registrant's 1980 Incentive Stock Option Plan, as amended
          (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit (10)(b) to the
          Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
          January 31, 1989) and as further amended on March 26, 1990
          (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit (10)(b) to the
          Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
          January 31, 1990).

     (b)  Varlen Corporation Profit Sharing and Retirement Savings Plan
          (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit(10)(c) to the
          Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
          January 31, 1987), as amended on February 19, 1987, December 10, 1987,
          April 11, 1988, November 28, 1988 and August 29, 1989  (incorporated
          herein by reference to Exhibit (10)(c) to the Registrant's Annual
          Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 1990), as
          further amended on December 1, 1992 (incorporated herein by reference
          to Exhibit 10(h) to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
          the fiscal year ended January 31, 1993), as further amended and
          restated on August 1, 1993 (incorporated herein by reference to
          Exhibit (10) to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
          quarter ended July 31, 1993).

     (c)  Registrant's 1989 Incentive Stock Option Plan,  (incorporated herein
          by reference to Exhibit (10)(h) to the Registrant's Annual Report on
          Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 1989) and as further
          amended on March 26, 1990 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
          (10)(g) to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
          year ended January 31, 1990).

     (d)  Varlen Corporation Excess Benefits Plan (incorporated herein by
          reference to Exhibit (10)(i) to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form
          10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 1990).

<PAGE>

     (e)  Varlen Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan
          (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit (10)(j) to the
          Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
          January 31, 1990).

     (f)  Trust Agreement Between Varlen Corporation and Fidelity Management
          Trust Company dated November 30, 1992 (incorporated herein by
          reference to Exhibit (10)(g) to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form
          10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 1993).

     (g)  Stock Purchase Agreement dated December 17, 1992 between The Dyson-
          Kissner-Moran Corporation and the Registrant (incorporated herein by
          reference to Exhibit 5(a) to the Registrant's Report on Form 8-K dated
          January 8, 1993).

     (h)  Form of letter agreement between the Registrant and Richard L. Wellek
          (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit (10)(j) to the
          Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
          January 31, 1993).

     (i)  Form of letter agreement between the Registrant and each of Richard A.
          Nunemaker, Raymond A. Jean and George W. Hoffman (incorporated herein
          by reference to Exhibit (10)(k) to the Registrant's Annual Report on
          Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 1993).

     (j)  Trust Indenture for the Registrant's $69,000,000 6 1/2% Convertible
          Subordinated Debentures Due 2003 from the Registrant to the Harris
          Trust and Savings Bank (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
          (4) to the Registrant's Report on Form 8-K dated May 27, 1993).

     (k)  Registrant's 1993 Incentive Stock Option Plan adopted May 25, 1993.

     (l)  Registrant's 1993 Directors Incentive Stock Grant Plan adopted
          May 25, 1993.

     (m)  Registrant's 1993 Deferred Incentive Stock Purchase Plan adopted May
          25, 1993.

(11)      Computation of Per Share Earnings for the Fiscal Years Ended January
          31, 1994, 1993 and 1992.

(13)      1993 Annual Report to Stockholders.

(21)      List of Subsidiaries.

(23)      Consent of Deloitte & Touche.

(24)      Board of Directors' power of attorney for the signing of Varlen
          Corporation's 1993 Annual Report on Form 10-K.

(27)      Financial Data Schedule.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.(A)
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4(A)
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                           REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT

                                  BY AND AMONG

                              VARLEN CORPORATION,
                           THE BORROWING SUBSIDIARIES
                            AND LENDERS PARTY HERETO

                                      AND

                      THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF CHICAGO,
                                    AS AGENT

                          DATED AS OF DECEMBER 6, 1993
<PAGE>
                               TABLE OF CONTENTS

<TABLE>
<S>             <C>        <C>        <C>                                                        <C>
ARTICLE I                  DEFINITIONS.........................................................          1
ARTICLE II                 THE CREDITS.........................................................         13
                2.1.       Commitment..........................................................         13
                2.2.       Ratable Loans; Types of Advances....................................         14
                2.3.       Minimum Amount of Each Advance......................................         14
                2.4.       Fees................................................................         14
                           2.4.1.     Commitment Fee...........................................         14
                           2.4.2.     Upfront Fee..............................................         14
                           2.4.3.     Agent Fees...............................................         14
                2.5        Applicable Margin...................................................         14
                2.6        Reductions in Aggregate Commitment..................................         15
                2.7.       Principal Payments..................................................         15
                           2.7.1.     Optional Payments........................................         15
                           2.7.2.     Currency Fluctuations; Permitted Excess over Aggregate
                                      Commitment...............................................         15
                           2.7.3.     Termination..............................................         16
                2.8.       Method of Selecting Types and Interest Periods for New Advances.....         16
                2.9.       Conversion and Continuation of Outstanding Advances.................         16
                           2.9.1.     Dollar Advances..........................................         16
                           2.9.2.     Foreign Currency Advances................................         16
                           2.9.3.     General Provisions.......................................         17
                2.10.      Changes in Interest Rate, etc.......................................         17
                2.11.      Rates Applicable After Default......................................         17
                2.12.      Method of Payment...................................................         17
                           2.12.1.    General..................................................         17
                           2.12.2.    Currency of Payment......................................         18
                2.13.      Notes; Telephonic Notices...........................................         18
                2.14.      Interest Payment Dates; Interest and Fee Basis......................         18
                2.15.      Notification by Agent...............................................         19
                2.16.      Lending Installations...............................................         19
                2.17.      Non-Receipt of Funds by the Agent...................................         19
                2.18.      Withholding Tax Exemption...........................................         19
                2.19.      Extension of Facility Termination Date..............................         20
                2.20.      Change in Circumstances.............................................         20
                           2.20.1.    Taxes....................................................         20
                           2.20.2.    Yield Protection.........................................         21
                           2.20.3.    Changes in Capital Adequacy Regulations..................         22
                           2.20.4.    Availability of Types of Advances........................         22
                           2.20.5.    Funding Indemnification..................................         22
                           2.20.6.    Lender Statements; Survival of Indemnity.................         22
ARTICLE III                THE LETTER OF CREDIT SUBFACILITY....................................         23
                3.1.       Obligation to Issue.................................................         23
                3.2.       Types and Amounts...................................................         23
                3.3.       Conditions..........................................................         24
                3.4.       Procedure for Issuance of Facility Letters of Credit................         24
                3.5.       Reimbursement Obligations; Automatic Alternate Base Rate Advance;
                           Duties of Issuing Banks.............................................         25
                3.6.       Participation.......................................................         25
                3.7.       Payment of Reimbursement Obligations................................         26
                3.8.       Compensation for Facility Letters of Credit.........................         27
</TABLE>

                                       i
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<S>             <C>        <C>        <C>                                                        <C>
                3.9.       Letter of Credit Collateral Account.................................         28
ARTICLE IV                 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT................................................         28
                4.1.       Initial Advance and Facility Letter of Credit.......................         28
                4.2.       Each Advance and Facility Letter of Credit..........................         28
                4.3.       First Advance or Facility Letter of Credit to New Borrowing
                           Subsidiaries........................................................         29
ARTICLE V                  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BORROWER..........................         30
                5.1.       Corporate Existence and Standing....................................         30
                5.2.       Authorization and Validity..........................................         30
                5.3.       No Conflict; Government Consent.....................................         30
                5.4.       Financial Statements................................................         30
                5.5.       Material Adverse Change.............................................         30
                5.6.       Taxes...............................................................         30
                5.7.       Litigation and Contingent Obligations...............................         31
                5.8.       Subsidiaries........................................................         31
                5.9.       ERISA...............................................................         31
                5.10.      Accuracy of Information.............................................         31
                5.11.      Regulation U........................................................         31
                5.12.      Material Agreements.................................................         31
                5.13.      Compliance With Laws................................................         31
                5.14.      Ownership of Properties.............................................         32
                5.15.      Investment Company Act..............................................         32
                5.16.      Public Utility Holding Company Act..................................         32
                5.17.      Subordinated Indebtedness...........................................         32
                5.18.      Insurance...........................................................         32
                5.19.      Solvency............................................................         32
                5.20.      Benefits............................................................         32
ARTICLE V-A                REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BORROWING SUBSIDIARIES............
                                                                                                        33
                5A.1.      Corporate Existence and Standing....................................         33
                5A.2.      Authorization and Validity..........................................         33
                5A.3.      No Conflict; Government Consent.....................................         33
                5A.4.      Filing..............................................................         33
                5A.5.      No Immunity.........................................................         34
                5A.6.      Investment Company Act..............................................         34
                5A.7.      Public Utility Holding Company Act..................................         34
                5A.8.      Regulation U........................................................         34
ARTICLE VI                 COVENANTS...........................................................         34
                6.1.       Financial Reporting.................................................         34
                6.2.       Use of Proceeds.....................................................         35
                6.3.       Notice of Default...................................................         35
                6.4.       Conduct of Business.................................................         35
                6.5.       Taxes...............................................................         36
                6.6.       Insurance...........................................................         36
                6.7.       Compliance with Laws................................................         36
                6.8.       Maintenance of Properties...........................................         36
                6.9.       Inspection..........................................................         36
                6.10.      Dividends...........................................................         36
                6.11.      Indebtedness........................................................         36
                6.12.      Merger..............................................................         37
                6.13.      Sale of Assets......................................................         37
</TABLE>

                                       ii
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<S>             <C>        <C>        <C>                                                        <C>
                6.14.      Sale of Accounts....................................................         37
                6.15.      Sale and Leaseback..................................................         37
                6.16.      Investments and Acquisitions........................................         38
                6.17.      Liens...............................................................         38
                6.18.      Fixed Asset Expenditures............................................         40
                6.19.      Rentals.............................................................         40
                6.20.      Affiliates..........................................................         40
                6.21.      Subordinated Indebtedness...........................................         40
                6.22.      Financial Covenants.................................................         40
                           6.22.1.    Interest Coverage Ratio..................................         40
                           6.22.2.    Leverage Ratio...........................................         40
                           6.22.3.    Operating Cash Flow to Senior Debt.......................         40
                           6.22.4.    Net Worth................................................         40
                6.23.      Foreign Assets......................................................         41
ARTICLE VII                DEFAULTS............................................................         41
ARTICLE VIII               ACCELERATION, WAIVERS, AMENDMENTS AND REMEDIES......................         42
                8.1.       Acceleration........................................................         42
                8.2.       Amendments..........................................................         43
                8.3.       Preservation of Rights..............................................         43
ARTICLE IX                 GENERAL PROVISIONS..................................................         44
                9.1.       Survival of Representations.........................................         44
                9.2.       Governmental Regulation.............................................         44
                9.3.       Taxes...............................................................         44
                9.4.       Headings............................................................         44
                9.5.       Entire Agreement....................................................         44
                9.6.       Several Obligations; Benefits of this Agreement.....................         44
                9.7.       Expenses; Indemnification...........................................         44
                9.8.       Numbers of Documents................................................         44
                9.9.       Accounting..........................................................         45
                9.10.      Severability of Provisions..........................................         45
                9.11.      Nonliability of Lenders.............................................         45
                9.12.      Language............................................................         45
                9.13.      CHOICE OF LAW.......................................................         45
                9.14.      CONSENT TO JURISDICTION.............................................         45
                9.15.      SERVICE OF PROCESS..................................................         45
                9.16.      WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL................................................         46
                9.17.      ERISA Representation................................................         46
                9.18.      Confidentiality.....................................................         46
                9.19.      Joint and Several Liability.........................................         46
ARTICLE X                  THE AGENT...........................................................         46
                10.1.      Appointment.........................................................         46
                10.2.      Powers..............................................................         46
                10.3.      General Immunity....................................................         46
                10.4.      No Responsibility for Loans, Recitals, etc..........................         46
                10.5.      Action on Instructions of Lenders...................................         47
                10.6.      Employment of Agents and Counsel....................................         47
                10.7.      Reliance on Documents; Counsel......................................         47
                10.8.      Agent's Reimbursement and Indemnification...........................         47
                10.9.      Rights as a Lender..................................................         47
                10.10.     Lender Credit Decision..............................................         47
                10.11.     Successor Agent.....................................................         48
</TABLE>

                                      iii
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<S>             <C>        <C>        <C>                                                        <C>
ARTICLE XI                 SETOFF; RATABLE PAYMENTS............................................         48
                11.1.      Setoff..............................................................         48
                11.2.      Ratable Payments....................................................         48
ARTICLE XII                BENEFIT OF AGREEMENT; ASSIGNMENTS; PARTICIPATIONS...................         48
                12.1.      Successors and Assigns..............................................         48
                12.2.      Participations......................................................         49
                           12.2.1.    Permitted Participants; Effect...........................         49
                           12.2.2.    Benefit of Setoff........................................         49
                12.3.      Assignments.........................................................         49
                           12.3.1.    Permitted Assignments....................................         49
                           12.3.2.    Effect; Effective Date...................................         49
                12.4.      Dissemination of Information........................................         50
                12.5.      Tax Treatment.......................................................         50
ARTICLE XIII               NOTICES.............................................................         50
                13.1.      Giving Notice.......................................................         50
                13.2.      Change of Address...................................................         50
ARTICLE XIV                BORROWER RESPONSIBILITY FOR BORROWING SUBSIDIARY OBLIGATIONS........
                                                                                                        50
                14.1       Direct Obligations..................................................         50
                14.2       Obligations Unconditional...........................................         51
                14.3.      Discharge Only Upon Payment in Full; Reinstatement in Certain
                           Circumstances.......................................................         51
                14.4.      Waiver..............................................................         51
                14.5.      Stay of Acceleration................................................         52
                14.6       Payments............................................................         52
                14.7       Subrogation.........................................................         52
ARTICLE XV                 COUNTERPARTS........................................................         52
<CAPTION>
                                                 EXHIBITS
<S>             <C>        <C>        <C>                                                        <C>
EXHIBIT "A-1" BORROWER NOTE....................................................................         56
EXHIBIT "A-2" BORROWING SUBSIDIARY NOTE........................................................         58
EXHIBIT "B" ELECTION TO PARTICIPATE............................................................         60
EXHIBIT "C" FORM OF APPLICATION FOR STANDBY FACILITY LETTER OF CREDIT..........................         62
EXHIBIT "D-1" FORM OF OPINION OF COUNSEL TO BORROWER...........................................         63
EXHIBIT "D-2" FORM OF OPINION OF COUNSEL TO BORROWING SUBSIDIARY...............................         78
EXHIBIT "E" LOAN/CREDIT RELATED MONEY TRANSFER INSTRUCTION.....................................         84
EXHIBIT "F" COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE.............................................................         85
EXHIBIT "G" FORM OF SUBSIDIARY GUARANTY........................................................         87
EXHIBIT "H" ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT...............................................................         95
<CAPTION>
                                                SCHEDULES
<S>             <C>        <C>        <C>                                                        <C>
SCHEDULE "1" PERCENTAGES.......................................................................        104
SCHEDULE "2" LENDING INSTALLATIONS.............................................................        105
SCHEDULE "3" LITIGATION........................................................................        107
SCHEDULE "4" SUBSIDIARIES AND OTHER INVESTMENTS................................................        108
SCHEDULE "5" INDEBTEDNESS AND LIENS............................................................        111
</TABLE>

                                       iv
<PAGE>
                           REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT

    This Agreement, dated as of December 6, 1993, is among Varlen Corporation, a
Delaware  corporation,  the Borrowing  Subsidiaries who  may  from time  to time
become party hereto,  the Lenders  and The First  National Bank  of Chicago,  as
Agent. The parties hereto agree as follows:

                                   ARTICLE I
                                  DEFINITIONS

    As used in this Agreement:

    "Acquisition"  means any transaction, or any series of related transactions,
consummated on or after the date of this Agreement, by which the Borrower or any
of its Subsidiaries (i)  acquires (A) all  or a substantial  part of the  assets
(other than through a purchase of inventory in the ordinary course of business),
(B)  one or more manufacturing lines or (C) a going business or division, of any
Person whether through purchase of assets, merger or otherwise or (ii)  directly
or  indirectly acquires (in one transaction or as the most recent transaction in
a series of transactions) control  of at least 10% (in  number of votes) of  the
securities of a corporation which have ordinary voting power for the election of
directors  (other  than  securities having  such  power  only by  reason  of the
happening of a contingency) or a  10% (by percentage or voting power)  ownership
interest  in any partnership or joint venture (other than corporate partnerships
or joint ventures covered by the preceding clause).

    "Advance" means a borrowing hereunder consisting of the aggregate amount  of
the  several Loans made by the Lenders to  the Borrower of the same Type and, in
the case of Eurocurrency Advances, denominated in the same Eurocurrency and,  in
the case of Fixed Rate Advances, for the same Interest Period.

    "Affiliate"  of any  Person means  any other  Person directly  or indirectly
controlling, controlled by or  under common control with  such Person. A  Person
shall  be deemed to control another Person if the controlling Person owns 20% or
more of any  class of equity  securities (or other  ownership interests) of  the
controlled  Person  having the  right to  elect  directors (or  similar Persons)
without the happening of a contingency or possesses, directly or indirectly, the
power to direct  or cause the  direction of  the management or  policies of  the
controlled Person, whether through ownership of stock, by contract or otherwise.

    "Agent"  means The First National  Bank of Chicago in  its capacity as agent
for the Lenders pursuant to Article X,  and not in its individual capacity as  a
Lender, and any successor Agent appointed pursuant to Article X.

    "Aggregate  Available Commitment" means at any time the Aggregate Commitment
minus the Facility Letter of Credit Obligations.

    "Aggregate Commitment" means $80,000,000, as such amount may be reduced from
time to time pursuant to the terms hereof.

    "Agreement" means this  revolving credit  agreement, as it  may be  amended,
modified, supplemented and/or restated, and as in effect from time to time.

    "Agreement   Accounting  Principles"  means  generally  accepted  accounting
principles as in effect as  of the date of this  Agreement, applied in a  manner
consistent  with that used in preparing  the financial statements referred to in
Section 5.4.

    "Alternate Base Rate" means, for any day, a rate of interest per annum equal
to the higher of (i) the  Corporate Base Rate for such  day and (ii) the sum  of
Federal Funds Effective Rate for such day plus 1/2% per annum.

    "Alternate  Base Rate Advance" means an  Advance which bears interest at the
Alternate Base Rate.

    "Alternate Base  Rate  Loan"  means  a Loan  which  bears  interest  at  the
Alternate Base Rate.
<PAGE>
    "Applicable Margin" means, at any date of determination thereof with respect
to  any  Advance, the  commitment  fees payable  pursuant  to Section  2.4.1 and
Facility Letter of Credit Fees, the respective rates per annum for such Advance,
commitment fees and Facility Letter of Credit Fees calculated in accordance with
the terms of Section 2.5.

    "Article" means  an article  of this  Agreement unless  another document  is
specifically referenced.

    "Assessment Rate" means, for any CD Interest Period, the assessment rate per
annum (rounded upwards to the next higher multiple of 1/100 of 1% if the rate is
not  such a multiple)  payable to the Federal  Deposit Insurance Corporation (or
any successor) for the insurance of domestic time deposits of First Chicago,  as
determined by First Chicago on the first day of such CD Interest Period.

    "Authorized  Officer"  (i) of  the Borrower  means  the President,  the Vice
President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer, the Executive Vice President  or
any  Group Vice President thereof, and (ii)  of any other Borrowing Entity means
the President, any Managing Director  or any Controller/Treasurer thereof,  each
such enumerated Person acting singly.

    "Borrower"  means  Varlen  Corporation,  a  Delaware  corporation,  and  its
permitted successors and assigns.

    "Borrower Note"  means  a promissory  note,  in substantially  the  form  of
Exhibit  "A-1" hereto, duly executed by the Borrower and payable to the order of
a Lender in a principal amount up to and including its Commitment, including any
amendment, modification, renewal or replacement of such promissory note.

    "Borrowing Date"  means a  date on  which an  Advance is  or is  to be  made
hereunder or a Facility Letter of Credit is or is to be issued hereunder.

    "Borrowing  Entities" means,  collectively, the  Borrower and  any Borrowing
Subsidiaries.

    "Borrowing Notice" is defined in Section 2.8.

    "Borrowing Subsidiary" means any Wholly-Owned Subsidiary which has satisfied
the provisions of Section 4.3 hereof, and its permitted successors and assigns.

    "Borrowing Subsidiary Note"  means a promissory  note, in substantially  the
form  of  Exhibit "A-2"  hereto,  duly executed  by  a Borrowing  Subsidiary and
payable to the order of a Lender in  a principal amount up to and including  its
Commitment,  including any  amendment, modification,  renewal or  replacement of
such promissory note.

    "Borrowing Subsidiary  Obligations" means,  with respect  to each  Borrowing
Subsidiary,  any and all  amounts or obligations payable  or performable by such
Borrowing Subsidiary under  or in  respect of  this Agreement  or its  Borrowing
Subsidiary Note, including without limitation all principal and interest payable
hereunder  or under such Borrowing  Subsidiary Note in respect  of Loans made to
such Borrowing Subsidiary and  all obligations arising  under or resulting  from
any Facility Letter of Credit issued for the benefit and upon the application of
such Borrowing Subsidiary.

    "Business  Day" means  (i) with  respect to  any borrowing,  payment or rate
selection of Eurocurrency Advances, a day  (other than a Saturday or Sunday)  on
which  banks generally are open in Chicago, New York, London and, for currencies
other than Eurodollars, the principal financial  center of the country in  whose
currency  the Advance  is to  be funded, for  the conduct  of commercial lending
activities and on which dealings in the relevant Eurocurrency are carried on  in
the London interbank market and (ii) for all other purposes, a day (other than a
Saturday or Sunday) on which banks generally are open in Chicago for the conduct
of commercial lending activities.

    "Capitalized  Lease" of a Person means any  lease of Property by such Person
as lessee which would be capitalized on a balance sheet of such Person  prepared
in accordance with Agreement Accounting Principles.

                                       2
<PAGE>
    "Capitalized  Lease  Obligations"  of  a  Person  means  the  amount  of the
obligations of such Person  under Capitalized Leases which  would be shown as  a
liability  on  a  balance  sheet  of such  Person  prepared  in  accordance with
Agreement Accounting Principles.

    "Cash Flow  Incurrence  Test" means,  with  respect to  any  Acquisition,  a
pro-forma  incurrence test, calculated  as of the most  recent fiscal quarter of
the Borrower for which the Borrower  was obligated (pursuant to Section 6.1)  to
deliver  financial statements on or prior to  such date of calculation (the "End
Quarter"), the satisfaction of which requires THE RATIO OF:

        (i) the sum  of (a) Operating  Cash Flow  for such End  Quarter and  the
    three  immediately preceding fiscal  quarters PLUS (b)  either (1) EBITDA of
    the Target of the Acquisition for such End Quarter and the three immediately
    preceding fiscal  quarters (PROVIDED  that if  the fiscal  quarters of  such
    Target  are not coterminous  with those of  the Borrower, then  for the most
    recently ended fiscal quarter of such Target for which financial  statements
    are  available and  which ended within  75 days of  the last day  of the End
    Quarter and the three immediately preceding fiscal quarters of such  Target)
    or  (2) if  the Borrower  is acquiring  50% or  less of  the Target  of such
    Acquisition (and  the Acquisition  is  of voting  stock or  other  ownership
    interests  in a  Person) and  the acquisition  agreement (or  other relevant
    document) (x) requires  the payment of  any Mandatory Cash  Payments to  the
    Borrower  or any Subsidiary, the amount of such Mandatory Cash Payments that
    (on a pro forma basis) would have been so required to be paid for such  four
    fiscal  quarters, adjusted for  withholding taxes (if  any), plus the amount
    calculated under  clause  (y), if  any,  (y)  requires the  payment  of  any
    Contingent  Cash Payments to  the Borrower or any  Subsidiary, the amount of
    such Contingent Cash  Payments accepted by  the Agent (as  described in  the
    definition  of Contingent Cash  Payments) that (on a  pro forma basis) would
    have been paid for such four fiscal quarters, adjusted for withholding taxes
    (if any), plus the amount calculated under clause (x), if any, (z) does  not
    require  the payment of  any Mandatory Cash Payments  or any Contingent Cash
    Payments, zero TO

        (ii) the sum  of (x)  Senior Debt  PLUS (y) debt  to be  assumed by  the
    Borrower  or any of its Subsidiaries  pursuant to the Acquisition, MINUS (z)
    the cash and Marketable  Securities acquired by the  Borrower or any of  its
    Subsidiaries in such Acquisition.

to be greater than or equal to .20 to 1.0.

    "CD  Interest Period"  means, with  respect to  a Fixed  CD Rate  Advance, a
period of 30,  60, 90 or  180 days commencing  on a Business  Day selected by  a
Borrowing  Entity pursuant to  this Agreement. If such  CD Interest Period would
end on a day which is not a  Business Day, such CD Interest Period shall end  on
the next succeeding Business Day.

    "Change  in Control" means any of the  following events that occur after the
date of this Agreement:  (i) all or substantially  all of the Borrower's  assets
are  sold as an entirety  to any Person or related  group of Persons; (ii) there
shall be consummated any  consolidation or merger of  the Borrower (A) in  which
the  Borrower  is not  the  continuing or  surviving  corporation (other  than a
consolidation or merger with a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower in  which
all  shares of Common Stock of the Borrower outstanding immediately prior to the
effectiveness thereof are changed into or exchanged for the same  consideration)
or  (B) pursuant  to which the  Common Stock  of the Borrower  is converted into
cash, securities or other property, in  each case other than a consolidation  or
merger  of the Borrower in which the holders of the Common Stock of the Borrower
immediately prior to the consolidation  or merger have, directly or  indirectly,
at  least  a  majority  of  the Common  Stock  of  the  continuing  or surviving
corporation immediately after such consolidation or merger; or (iii) any Person,
or any Persons acting together which would constitute a "group" for purposes  of
Section  13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange
Act") (other than the Borrower, any  Subsidiary, any employee stock purchase  or
program,  retirement  plan  or  automatic  dividend  reinvestment  plan  or  any
substantially similar  plan of  the Borrower  or any  Subsidiary or  any  Person
holding  securities of  the Borrower for  or pursuant  to the terms  of any such
employee benefit plan), together with  any Affiliates and Subsidiaries  thereof,
shall  beneficially own (as defined in Rule 13 d-3 of the Exchange Act) at least
35% of the total voting  power of all classes of  capital stock of the  Borrower

                                       3
<PAGE>
entitled  to  vote  generally in  the  election  of directors  of  the Borrower,
PROVIDED that the failure of any event  to constitute a "Change in Control"  for
the  purposes of Section 7.12  shall not be deemed  to waive or otherwise affect
the application of any other provision of this Agreement to such event.

    "Code" means the  Internal Revenue  Code of  1986, as  amended, reformed  or
otherwise modified from time to time.

    "Commercial  Letter of Credit" means a  commercial or trade Letter of Credit
issued by an Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 3.1.

    "Commitment" means, for each Lender, the  obligation of such Lender to  make
Loans  and participate  in Facility  Letters of  Credit not  exceeding an amount
equal to the product of (i) the then existing Aggregate Commitment and (ii)  the
Percentage applicable to such Lender.

    "Contingent  Cash  Payments" means  those cash  payments required  (upon the
occurrence of  a contingency)  to be  paid  to the  Borrower or  any  Subsidiary
pursuant  to the terms of an  acquisition agreement (or other relevant document)
described in  the  definition of  "Cash  Flow  Incurrence Test"  and  which  are
accepted  by the Agent as likely to be paid (because of the likely occurrence of
the applicable contingency), such payments to include, without limitation, those
required on account of  royalty payments, license  and technical transfer  fees,
administrative  reimbursements, dividends, interest,  principal and other return
of capital payments which (in each case) are contingent.

    "Contingent  Obligation"  of  a  Person  means  (without  duplication)   any
agreement,  undertaking or arrangement by which such Person assumes, guarantees,
endorses, contingently agrees to purchase or  provide funds for the payment  of,
or otherwise becomes or is contingently liable upon, the obligation or liability
of  any other  Person (including  but not  limited to  Financial Guaranties), or
agrees to maintain the net worth or working capital or other financial condition
of any other  Person, or  otherwise assures any  creditor of  such other  Person
against  loss,  including,  without limitation,  any  comfort  letter, operating
agreement, take-or-pay contract  or Letter of  Credit reimbursement  obligation.
The  amount of any Contingent  Obligation that is not  a Financial Guaranty of a
Person or a  standby Letter  of Credit  reimbursement obligation  shall, at  any
date,  be  the amount  of  such obligation  which  is reasonably  susceptible to
quantification as a matured obligation (taking into account the likelihood  that
such Contingent Obligation will mature into an actual obligation). The amount of
any  Contingent  Obligation that  is a  standby  Letter of  Credit reimbursement
obligation shall be  the LC Contingent  Reimbursement Value. The  amount of  any
Financial  Guaranty of a Person at any date shall be the maximum amount that may
become payable (conditionally or unconditionally) by such Person as of such date
thereunder.

    "Conversion/Continuation Notice" is defined in Section 2.9.3.

    "Controlled Group" means all members  of a controlled group of  corporations
and  all trades or businesses (whether or not incorporated) under common control
which, together with the Borrower or any  of its Subsidiaries, are treated as  a
single employer under Section 414 of the Code.

    "Corporate  Base Rate" means  a rate per  annum equal to  the corporate base
rate of interest announced by First Chicago from time to time, changing when and
as said corporate base rate changes.

    "Default" means an event described in Article VII.

    "Dollar" or "$" means United States Dollars.

    "Dollar Equivalent"  of  (i) any  Advance  (other than  a  Foreign  Currency
Advance) as of any date, means the Dollar amount of such Advance outstanding (or
to  be made)  on such date,  (ii) any Foreign  Currency Advance as  of any date,
means the  amount of  Dollars into  which the  amount of  such Foreign  Currency
Advance  outstanding (or to be  made) on such date may  be converted at the spot
rate at  which Dollars  are  offered to  the Agent  in  London for  the  Foreign
Currency  in which such Foreign Currency Advance is (or is to be) denominated in
an amount comparable to the amount  of such Advance at approximately 11:00  a.m.
(London time) on the second Business Day prior to the date such Foreign Currency
Advance was initially (or is to be) made, (iii) any Facility Letter of Credit as
of any date, means the Dollar stated amount of such

                                       4
<PAGE>
Facility  Letter  of Credit  undrawn on  such date,  and (iv)  any Reimbursement
Obligation as of  any date,  means the Dollar  amount of  the then  unreimbursed
payments  or disbursements made  by Lenders, the Issuing  Banks and/or the Agent
(without duplication) in respect of draws under any Facility Letter of Credit.

    "Domestic Borrowing Subsidiary" means any Domestic Subsidiary that is also a
Borrowing Subsidiary.

    "Domestic  Subsidiary"  means  any  Subsidiary  which  is  incorporated   or
organized  under the laws of the United  States of America, any state thereof or
the District of Columbia.

    "Earnings" means, (i) when  used with respect to  the Borrower, income  from
operations  on  a  consolidated  basis for  the  Borrower  and  its Subsidiaries
excluding equity earnings in  non-consolidated Subsidiaries and Affiliates  plus
cash  dividends from non-consolidated Subsidiaries and Affiliates, and (ii) when
used with respect to any other Person, income from operations on a  consolidated
basis  for  such  Person  and  its  Subsidiaries  excluding  equity  earnings in
non-consolidated  Subsidiaries   and  Affiliates   plus  cash   dividends   from
non-consolidated Subsidiaries and Affiliates.

    "EBITA"  means, for  any period,  the sum  of Earnings  before Net Interest,
income taxes and amortization expense for such period PLUS any non-cash  charges
and  expenses  incurred  during  such  period  related  to  the  disposition  of
businesses or entire facilities or to  the revaluation of intangibles MINUS  any
cash  payments made during such period with  respect to any non-cash charges and
expenses  related  to  the  disposition  of  businesses  or  entire   facilities
previously  taken  into account,  all  determined in  accordance  with Agreement
Accounting  Principles  on  a  consolidated  basis  for  the  Borrower  and  its
Subsidiaries.

    "EBITDA"  means, for  any Acquisition Target  for any period,  (i) where the
Acquisition  is  of  voting  securities  or  other  ownership  interests  in   a
corporation,   partnership  interest  or  joint  venture,  Earnings  before  Net
Interest, income taxes, depreciation expense  and amortization expense for  such
period,  all determined in accordance with  Agreement Accounting Principles on a
consolidated basis  for the  Target and  its Subsidiaries,  and (ii)  where  the
Target  consists of assets  of a Person (including,  without limitation, a going
business or  division or  one or  more manufacturing  lines) other  than  voting
securities  or  other ownership  interests in  another  Person, the  income from
operations  before  Net  Interest,   income  taxes,  depreciation  expense   and
amortization  expense generated by the assets  comprising the Target during such
period.

    "Effective Date" is defined in Section 4.1.

    "Election to Participate" means a letter  agreement, in the form of  Exhibit
"B" attached hereto, pursuant to which a Subsidiary agrees to become a Borrowing
Subsidiary hereunder.

    "ERISA"  means  the  Employee Retirement  Income  Security Act  of  1974, as
amended from time to time, and any rule or regulation issued thereunder.

    "Eurocurrency" means Dollars and, to  the extent such currencies are  freely
transferable  and  convertible  into Dollars  and  are available  in  the London
interbank market,  the  lawful  currencies of  France,  Germany,  Italy,  Japan,
Switzerland,  Canada, the United Kingdom and any  other country agreed to by the
Required Banks.

    "Eurocurrency Advance" means an Advance denominated in a Eurocurrency  which
bears  interest  at  the  Eurocurrency  Rate,  including,  but  not  limited to,
Eurodollar Advances.

    "Eurocurrency Base Rate" means either  (i) with respect to any  Eurocurrency
Advance for any specified Eurocurrency Interest Period, the rate of interest per
annum equal to the rate for (in the case of Eurodollar Advances) Dollar deposits
(and  in  the case  of  Advances in  any  other Eurocurrency,  deposits  in such
Eurocurrency) in  the  approximate  amount of  such  Eurocurrency  Advance  with
maturities  equal to such Eurocurrency Interest Period which appears on Telerate
Page 3750  (or, in  the  case of  Advances in  any  other Eurocurrency,  on  the
appropriate  Telerate Page for such Eurocurrency) or,  if there is more than one
such rate for the applicable Eurocurrency, the average of such rates rounded  to
the  nearest 1/100 of 1%, as of 11 a.m. (London time) two Business Days prior to
the first day of such  Eurocurrency Interest Period or (ii)  if no such rate  of
interest appears on Telerate Page 3750 (or, in the case of Advances in any other
Eurocurrency,  on the appropriate Telerate Page  for such Eurocurrency), for any
specified Eurocurrency Interest

                                       5
<PAGE>
Period, the rate of interest per annum determined by the Agent to be the rate at
which deposits in the  applicable Eurocurrency are offered  by First Chicago  to
first-class  banks  in  the London  interbank  market at  approximately  11 a.m.
(London time) two  Business Days  prior to the  first day  of such  Eurocurrency
Interest  Period for delivery  on such day,  in the approximate  amount of First
Chicago's pro rata  share of  such Eurocurrency  Advance and  having a  maturity
equal  to such Eurocurrency Interest Period. The term "Telerate Page 3750" means
the display designated as "Page 3750" on the Associated Press-Dow Jones Telerate
Service (or such other page as may replace Page 3750 on the Associated Press-Dow
Jones Telerate Service or such other service as may be nominated by the  British
Bankers'  Association as  the information vendor  for the  purpose of displaying
British  Bankers'  Association  interest   rate  settlement  rates  for   Dollar
deposits).  Any Eurocurrency Rate determined on  the basis of the rate displayed
on Telerate  Page 3750  in  accordance with  the  foregoing provisions  of  this
subparagraph  shall be  subject to  corrections, if any,  made in  such rate and
displayed by the Associated Press-Dow Jones Telerate Service within one hour  of
the time when such rate is first displayed by such service.

    "Eurocurrency  Interest  Period"  means,  with  respect  to  a  Eurocurrency
Advance, a period of one, two, three or six months commencing on a Business  Day
selected  by the Borrowing Entity pursuant  to this Agreement. Such Eurocurrency
Interest Period shall end on (but exclude) the day which corresponds numerically
to such date one, two, three  or six months thereafter; PROVIDED, HOWEVER,  that
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in such next, second, third or
sixth  succeeding month, such Eurocurrency Interest Period shall end on the last
Business Day of such next, second, third or sixth succeeding month; and PROVIDED
FURTHER, HOWEVER, that if a Eurocurrency Interest Period would otherwise end  on
a  day which is not a Business  Day, such Eurocurrency Interest Period shall end
on the  next succeeding  Business  Day; PROVIDED,  HOWEVER,  that if  said  next
succeeding  Business  Day  falls  in a  new  calendar  month,  such Eurocurrency
Interest Period shall end on the immediately preceding Business Day.

    "Eurocurrency Loan" means a Loan  denominated in a Eurocurrency which  bears
interest  at the  Eurocurrency Rate, including,  but not  limited to, Eurodollar
Loans.

    "Eurocurrency Rate" means, with respect to any Eurocurrency Advance for  any
specified Eurocurrency Interest Period, a rate per annum equal to the sum of (i)
the percentage indicated as the Applicable Margin for the Eurocurrency Rate PLUS
(ii)  the  quotient  of  (a)  the  Eurocurrency  Base  Rate  applicable  to such
Eurocurrency Advance and Eurocurrency Interest Period, divided by (b) either (1)
for any Eurodollar Advance, a number equal to one minus the Reserve  Requirement
(expressed   as  a  decimal)   applicable  to  such   Eurocurrency  Advance  and
Eurocurrency Interest  Period or  (2) for  any other  Eurocurrency Advance,  the
number  one. The Eurocurrency Rate shall be  rounded to the next higher multiple
of 1/16 of 1% if the rate is not such a multiple.

    "Eurodollar Advance" means  an Advance  denominated in  Dollars which  bears
interest at the Eurocurrency Rate.

    "Eurodollar  Loan" means a Loan denominated  in Dollars which bears interest
at the Eurocurrency Rate.

    "Exchange Act" is defined in the  definition of "Change of Control" in  this
Article I.

    "Excluded Tax" is defined in Section 2.20.1(a).

    "Extension  Date" means (i) initially, December 6, 1995 and (ii) thereafter,
December 6, 1996.

    "Extension Request" is defined in Section 2.19.

    "Facility Letter of Credit" means a  Commercial Letter of Credit or  Standby
Letter of Credit issued hereunder.

    "Facility Letter of Credit Fee" is defined in Section 3.8.

    "Facility   Letter  of  Credit  Obligations"  means,   as  at  the  time  of
determination thereof,  the  sum  of  (a)  the  Reimbursement  Obligations  then
outstanding  and  (b)  the  aggregate  then  undrawn  face  amount  of  the then
outstanding Facility Letters of Credit.

                                       6
<PAGE>
    "Facility Termination Date" means December 6, 1997 or such (x) later date as
the Facility Termination Date may be extended to in accordance with Section 2.19
or (y) earlier date as the Aggregate Commitment may be terminated in  accordance
with this Agreement.

    "Federal  Funds Effective  Rate" means,  for any  day, an  interest rate per
annum equal to  the weighted  average of the  rates on  overnight Federal  funds
transactions  with members  of the  Federal Reserve  System arranged  by Federal
funds brokers on such day, as published for  such day (or, if such day is not  a
Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day) by the Federal Reserve
Bank  of New York, or, if  such rate is not so published  for any day which is a
Business Day, the average  of the quotations at  approximately 10 a.m.  (Chicago
time) on such day for such transactions received by the Agent from three Federal
funds brokers of recognized standing selected by the Agent.

    "Financial   Guaranties"  of  a  Person   means  (without  duplication)  any
agreement, undertaking or arrangement by which such Person assumes,  guarantees,
endorses  or contingently  agrees to  provide funds  for the  repayment of money
borrowed by or advanced to or for  the account of another Person. The amount  of
any  Financial Guaranty of a Person at any date shall be the maximum amount that
may become payable (conditionally or unconditionally) by such Person as of  such
date thereunder.

    "Financial  Letter  of  Credit" means  any  Standby Letter  of  Credit which
represents an  irrevocable obligation  to the  beneficiary on  the part  of  the
Issuing Bank (i) to repay money borrowed by or advanced to or for the account of
the  account party or  (ii) to make  any payment on  account of any indebtedness
undertaken by the account party, in the event the account party fails to fulfill
its obligation to the beneficiary.

    "First Chicago" means The First National  Bank of Chicago in its  individual
capacity, and its successors.

    "Fixed  CD Base Rate" means,  with respect to any  Fixed CD Rate Advance for
any specified CD Interest Period, the per annum rate determined by the Agent  to
be  the arithmetic average of the prevailing bid rates quoted to the Agent at or
before 10 a.m. (Chicago  time) on the  first day of such  CD Interest Period  by
three  New York or Chicago certificate of deposit dealers of recognized standing
selected by the Agent  in its sole  discretion for the purchase  on such day  at
face value of certificates of deposit of First Chicago in the approximate amount
of  First Chicago's relevant Fixed  CD Rate Loan and  having a maturity equal to
such CD Interest Period.

    "Fixed CD Rate" means,  with respect to  any Fixed CD  Rate Advance for  any
specified  CD Interest  Period, a  rate per annum  equal to  the sum  of (i) the
quotient of (a) the Fixed CD Base Rate applicable to such Fixed CD Rate  Advance
and  CD  Interest  Period, divided  by  (b)  one minus  the  Reserve Requirement
(expressed as  a  decimal) applicable  to  such Fixed  CD  Rate Advance  and  CD
Interest  Period PLUS  (ii) the Assessment  Rate applicable to  such CD Interest
Period, PLUS (iii)  the percentage indicated  as the Applicable  Margin for  the
Fixed CD Rate. The Fixed CD Rate shall be rounded to the next higher multiple of
1/100 of 1% if the rate is not such a multiple.

    "Fixed  CD Rate Advance" means an Advance which bears interest at a Fixed CD
Rate.

    "Fixed CD Rate Loan" means a Loan which bears interest at a Fixed CD Rate.

    "Fixed Rate" means the Fixed CD Rate or the Eurocurrency Rate.

    "Fixed Rate Advance" means an Advance which bears interest at a Fixed Rate.

    "Fixed Rate Loan" means a Loan which bears interest at a Fixed Rate.

    "Foreign Borrowing Subsidiary" means any  Foreign Subsidiary that is also  a
Borrowing Subsidiary.

    "Foreign Currency" means any currency other than Dollars.

    "Foreign  Currency  Advance" means  any  Eurocurrency Advance  in  a Foreign
Currency.

    "Foreign Currency Loan" means any Eurocurrency Loan in a Foreign Currency.

    "Foreign Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary that is not a Domestic Subsidiary.

                                       7
<PAGE>
    "Governmental Agency"  means any  government (foreign  or domestic)  or  any
state  or  other political  subdivision thereof,  or governmental  body, agency,
authority, department  or commission  (including without  limitation any  taxing
authority  or  political  subdivision)  or  instrumentality  (including  without
limitation any court or  tribunal) exercising executive, legislative,  judicial,
regulatory  or administrative functions  of or pertaining  to government and any
corporation, partnership or other entity, directly or indirectly  majority-owned
by or subject to the control of any of the foregoing.

    "Guarantors"  means all of  the Borrower's Subsidiaries  as of the Effective
Date (other than  Foreign Subsidiaries)  and any other  New Subsidiaries  (other
than  Foreign  Subsidiaries)  which  have satisfied  the  provisions  of Section
6.16(b)(ii) hereof, and their respective successors and assigns.

    "Guaranty" means that certain Guaranty dated as of December 6, 1993 executed
by the Guarantors in favor of the Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Lenders,
as it may be amended, modified,  supplemented and/or restated (including to  add
new Guarantors), and as in effect from time to time.

    "Implied  Senior Indebtedness Rating" means the higher of (i) the artificial
long term  debt rating  achieved by  increasing the  Borrower's long  term  debt
rating on the Subordinated Debt (as identified in the most recent Rating Letter)
by  2 grade levels  or (ii) the Borrower's  long term debt  rating on any senior
Indebtedness (as identified in the most recent Rating Letter).

    "Indebtedness" of a  Person means  (without duplication)  such Person's  (i)
obligations  for  borrowed  money, (ii)  obligations  representing  the deferred
purchase price of Property or services  (other than accounts payable arising  in
the  ordinary course of such Person's business payable on terms customary in the
trade), PROVIDED that such deferral  was initially for a  period of one year  or
longer,  (iii) obligations, whether or not assumed, secured by Liens on property
now or hereafter owned  or acquired by such  Person, (iv) obligations which  are
evidenced  by notes,  acceptances, or  other instruments,  (v) Capitalized Lease
Obligations and (vi) Contingent Obligations.

    "Intangible Assets" means,  as of any  specified date, the  amount shown  as
"Goodwill  and other intangible  assets, less accumulated  amortization" (or any
successor line item) for the most recently ended fiscal quarter of the  Borrower
for which financial statements were delivered under Section 6.1.

    "Interest  Coverage Ratio" means, as  of any fiscal quarter  end, a ratio of
(i) EBITA for  such fiscal quarter  and the three  immediately preceding  fiscal
quarters  to (ii) Net Interest for such fiscal quarter and the three immediately
preceding  fiscal  quarters,  all   determined  in  accordance  with   Agreement
Accounting  Principles  on  a  consolidated  basis  for  the  Borrower  and  its
Subsidiaries.

    "Interest Period"  means a  CD Interest  Period or  a Eurocurrency  Interest
Period.

    "Investment"  of a Person  means any loan,  advance (other than commissions,
travel and  other advances  to officers,  directors and  employees made  in  the
ordinary   course  of   business  or   in  connection   with  compensatory  plan
arrangements), extension of  credit (other than  accounts receivable arising  in
the  ordinary course of business), deposit account or contribution of capital by
such Person to  any other  Person or  any investment  in, or  purchase or  other
acquisition  of, the  stock, partnership  interests, notes,  debentures or other
securities of any other Person made by such Person.

    "Issuance Date" is defined in Section 3.4(a).

    "Issuance Notice" is defined in Section 3.4(c).

    "Issuing Bank" is defined in Section 3.1.

    "Judgment Currency" is defined in Section 2.12.2.

    "LC Contingent Reimbursement Value"  means, when used  in the definition  of
"Contingent  Obligation" herein, (i) for standby  Letters of Credit with respect
to which the  Borrower has  shown or will  show, on  its consolidated  financial
statements,  a  charge against  Net  Income and  has  accrued or  will  accrue a
corresponding liability  relating to  the  partial or  total occurrence  of  the
contingency against which the Letter of Credit is issued, ZERO, (ii) for standby
Letters   of  Credit  issued  in  support   of  Indebtedness  reflected  on  the

                                       8
<PAGE>
consolidated financial statements of  the Borrower, ZERO  and (iii) for  standby
Letters  of  Credit  issued in  support  of  Indebtedness not  reflected  on the
consolidated financial  statements of  the  Borrower, THE  FACE AMOUNT  OF  SUCH
LETTER OF CREDIT.

    "Lenders"  means the lending  institutions listed on  the signature pages of
this Agreement and their respective successors and assigns.

    "Lending Installation" means,  with respect to  a Lender or  the Agent,  any
office, branch, subsidiary or affiliate of such Lender or the Agent.

    "Letter  of  Credit"  of  a  Person means  a  letter  of  credit  or similar
instrument which is  issued upon the  application of such  Person or upon  which
such Person is an account party or a co-obligor.

    "Letter of Credit Collateral Account" is defined in Section 3.9.

    "Letter of Credit Request" is defined in Section 3.4(a).

    "Level I Status" is defined in Section 2.5.

    "Level II Status" is defined in Section 2.5.

    "Level III Status" is defined in Section 2.5.

    "Leverage  Ratio"  means a  ratio of  (i) the  difference between  (a) total
liabilities MINUS (b)  Subordinated Indebtedness MINUS  (c) cash and  Marketable
Securities  in excess  of $1,000,000  to (ii)  the sum  of (a)  Net Worth (after
reversing out  the  effects  of cumulative  translation  adjustments)  PLUS  (b)
Subordinated  Indebtedness  MINUS  (c)  Intangible  Assets  acquired  after  the
Effective Date, all determined on a consolidated basis for the Borrower and  its
Subsidiaries.

    "Lien" means any lien (statutory or other), mortgage, pledge, hypothecation,
assignment as security, deposit arrangement for security, encumbrance or similar
preference,  priority or other security agreement  or arrangement of any kind or
nature whatsoever (including, without  limitation, the interest  of a vendor  or
lessor  under any conditional  sale, Capitalized Lease  or other title retention
agreement).

    "Loan" means,  with  respect to  a  Lender,  such Lender's  portion  of  any
Advance.

    "Loan  Documents" means this Agreement, the  Notes, the Guaranty and, if any
pledge agreement is  ever delivered hereunder  pursuant to Section  6.16(a)(iii)
hereof, such pledge agreement.

    "Mandatory  Cash Payments" means  those cash payments  required (without the
occurrence of any  contingency) to  be paid to  the Borrower  or any  Subsidiary
pursuant  to the terms of an  acquisition agreement (or other relevant document)
described in the  definition of "Cash  Flow Incurrence Test",  such payments  to
include,  without  limitation, those  required on  account of  royalty payments,
license and technical transfer  fees, administrative reimbursements,  dividends,
interest,  principal and other  return of capital payments  which (in each case)
are mandatory.

    "Marketable Securities" means any of  the following: (i) obligations of,  or
fully   guaranteed  by,  the   United  States  of  America   or  any  agency  or
instrumentality thereof  maturing not  more than  12 months  after the  date  of
acquisition;  (ii) Commercial paper rated A-l or  better by S&P or P-l or better
by Moody's; (iii) Demand deposit accounts  maintained in the ordinary course  of
business;  (iv) Certificates of  deposit and bankers'  acceptances issued by and
time deposits with commercial banks (whether domestic or foreign) having capital
and surplus in excess of $100,000,000 or with any Lender; and (v) obligations of
any United States state  or any political  subdivision of such  a state, or  any
agency or instrumentality of such a state or political subdivision, maturing not
more  than 12 months after acquisition that are rated A or better by S&P or A or
better by Moody's.

    "Material Adverse  Effect"  means  a  material adverse  effect  on  (i)  the
business,  Property, condition (financial or  otherwise), results of operations,
or prospects of the  Borrower and its  Subsidiaries taken as  a whole, (ii)  the
ability  of the Borrower to perform its obligations under the Loan Documents, or
(iii) the validity or enforceability of any of the Loan Documents or the  rights
or remedies of the Agent or the Lenders thereunder.

                                       9
<PAGE>
    "MONY  Letters of Credit" means those  certain Facility Letters of Credit to
be issued by First Chicago, as an Issuing Bank, which Facility Letters of Credit
shall be (a)  Standby Letters  of Credit,  each with  a termination  date on  or
before   March  30,  1994,  (b)  issued  as   of  the  date  of  this  Agreement
notwithstanding the procedure contained  in Section 3.4(a),  and (c) issued  for
the benefit of MONY Life Insurance Company of America, The Mutual Life Insurance
Company  of New York and Mutual Benefit Life Insurance Company in Rehabilitation
(or  their  respective  successors  and  assigns)  as  credit  support  for  the
Borrower's Indebtedness to such entities referred to on Schedule "5" hereto.

    "Moody's" means Moody's Investors Service, Inc.

    "Multiemployer  Plan"  means  a  Plan maintained  pursuant  to  a collective
bargaining agreement  or any  other arrangement  to which  the Borrower  or  any
member  of the Controlled  Group is a party  to which more  than one employer is
obligated to make contributions.

    "Net Assets" means total assets MINUS current liabilities, all determined on
a consolidated basis for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries.

    "Net Income" means, for any period, the net income (or loss) of the Borrower
and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis  for such period taken as a  single
accounting  period determined in conformity with Agreement Accounting Principles
(PLUS any non-cash charges and expenses  incurred during such period related  to
the  disposition of  businesses or  entire facilities  or to  the revaluation of
intangibles and MINUS any cash payments made during such period with respect  to
any  non-cash charges and  expenses related to the  disposition of businesses or
entire facilities previously taken into account); PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that to the
extent reported  as  a separate  item  on the  Borrower's  financial  statements
delivered  pursuant to Section 6.1,  there shall be excluded  (i) the income (or
loss) of any  non-Subsidiary Affiliate of  the Borrower or  other Person  (other
than  a Subsidiary of the Borrower) in which any Person (other than the Borrower
or any of its Subsidiaries)  has a joint interest, except  to the extent of  the
amount  of dividends, distributions  or other cash amounts  actually paid to the
Borrower, or any of  its Subsidiaries by such  Affiliate or other Person  during
such  period and (ii)  the income (or loss)  of any Person  accrued prior to the
date that such Person becomes a Subsidiary of the Borrower or is merged into  or
consolidated  with  the Borrower  or any  of its  Subsidiaries or  that Person's
assets are acquired by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries.

    "Net Interest" means,  for any  period, total interest  expense MINUS  total
interest income.

    "Net  Worth" means  the aggregate amount  of common  shareholders' equity as
determined  from  a  consolidated  balance   sheet  of  the  Borrower  and   its
Subsidiaries, prepared in accordance with Agreement Accounting Principles.

    "New Subsidiary" is defined in Section 6.16(b).

    "Notes" means, collectively, the Borrower Notes and the Borrowing Subsidiary
Notes.

    "Notice of Assignment" is defined in Section 12.3.2.

    "Obligations"  means all unpaid principal of and accrued and unpaid interest
on  the  Notes,  the  Facility  Letter  of  Credit  Obligations  and  all  other
liabilities  (if any), whether  actual or contingent,  of the Borrowing Entities
with respect to Facility Letters of Credit, all accrued and unpaid fees and  all
expenses,  reimbursements, indemnities  and other  obligations of  the Borrowing
Entities to the Lenders  or to any  Lender, the Agent  or any indemnified  party
hereunder  arising under the Loan  Documents, including the Borrowing Subsidiary
Obligations.

    "Operating Cash  Flow"  for any  period  means,  for the  Borrower  and  its
Subsidiaries  on a consolidated  basis, without duplication, the  sum of (i) Net
Income for  such  period,  (ii)  depreciation expense  for  such  period,  (iii)
amortization  expense for  such period and  (iv) any non-cash  losses (MINUS any
non-cash gains) arising outside  of the ordinary course  of business which  have
been  included in the determination of Net Income for such period (to the extent
reported as  a  separate  item  on the  Borrower's  financial  statements),  all
calculated in accordance with Agreement Accounting Principles.

    "Participants" is defined in Section 12.2.1.

                                       10
<PAGE>
    "Payment  Date"  means  the last  day  of  each March,  June,  September and
December.

    "PBGC" means  the Pension  Benefit Guaranty  Corporation, or  any  successor
thereto.

    "Percentage"  means, for each  Lender the percentage  set forth opposite its
name on Schedule "1" attached hereto, as such percentage (and such schedule) may
be modified from time to  time pursuant to the  terms hereof, including but  not
limited to the provisions of Section 12.3.2.

    "Performance  Letter of  Credit" means  any Standby  Letter of  Credit which
represents an  irrevocable obligation  to the  beneficiary on  the part  of  the
Issuing  Bank to make payment on account of  any default by the account party in
the performance of a nonfinancial or commercial obligation.

    "Permitted Acquisition" means  an Acquisition: (i)  made at a  time when  no
Default  or Unmatured Default exists or would  exist after giving effect to such
Acquisition, (ii) for which  the board of directors  or other governing body  of
such  Person being acquired has approved the  terms of such Acquisition (if such
Acquisition is a tender offer for the securities of a Person that is required to
file periodic  reports under  the  Exchange Act,  or if  by  the terms  of  such
Acquisition  such board  or other  governing body  approval is  required) or for
which (in any other case) the board of directors or other governing body of  the
Person  owning  the stock  or assets  being acquired  (as the  case may  be) has
approved the  terms  of such  Acquisition,  (iii)  for which  the  Borrower  has
demonstrated  to the Lenders that, after  giving effect to such Acquisition, the
Borrower can satisfy the Cash Flow Incurrence Test (PROVIDED that this test need
only be satisfied if  the purchase price of  the subject Acquisition,  excluding
assumed  liabilities, either (a) equals or exceeds $10,000,000 or (b) when added
to the purchase  price of each  other Acquisition, the  purchase price of  which
(excluding  any liabilities assumed) was less  than $10,000,000, made during the
same fiscal year, equals or exceeds $10,000,000) and (iv) for which the Borrower
has first provided the  Lenders with (a) financial  information with respect  to
the  Target of such  Acquisition (including historical  financial statements, to
the extent available) and (b) a description of the Target of such Acquisition.

    "Person"  means  any  natural  person,  corporation,  firm,  joint  venture,
partnership,  association, enterprise, trust or other entity or organization, or
any Governmental Agency.

    "Plan" means an employee pension benefit  plan which is covered by Title  IV
of  ERISA or subject to  the minimum funding standards  under Section 412 of the
Code as to which the Borrower or any member of the Controlled Group may have any
liability.

    "Property" of a Person means any and all property and assets, whether  real,
personal, tangible, intangible, or mixed, of such Person.

    "Purchasers" is defined in Section 12.3.1.

    "Rating Letter" means a letter addressed to the Borrower from either Moody's
or  S&P which contains a long term  debt rating for either the Subordinated Debt
or any of the Borrower's long term  senior Indebtedness, as any such letter  may
be modified, supplemented or terminated by Moody's or S&P.

    "Regulation  D" means Regulation D of the  Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System as from time to time in effect and any successor thereto or other
regulation or official  interpretation of  said Board of  Governors relating  to
reserve requirements applicable to member banks of the Federal Reserve System.

    "Regulation  U" means Regulation U of the  Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System  as from  time  to time  in effect  and  any successor  or  other
regulation or official interpretation of said Board of Governors relating to the
extension  of credit by banks  for the purpose of  purchasing or carrying margin
stocks applicable to member banks of the Federal Reserve System.

    "Regulation X" means Regulation X of  the Board of Governors of the  Federal
Reserve  System  as from  time  to time  in effect  and  any successor  or other
regulation or official interpretation of said Board of Governors relating to the
obtaining of credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock  from
(among others) member banks of the Federal Reserve System.

                                       11
<PAGE>
    "Reimbursement  Obligations"  means,  at any  time,  the  aggregate (without
duplication) of the Obligations  of the Borrowing Entities  to the Lenders,  the
Issuing  Banks  and/or the  Agent  in respect  of  all unreimbursed  payments or
disbursements made by the Lenders, the  Issuing Banks and/or the Agent under  or
in respect of draws made under the Facility Letters of Credit.

    "Rentals"  of a  Person means  the aggregate  fixed amounts  payable by such
Person under  any lease  of  Property having  an  original term  (including  any
required  renewals or any renewals at the option of the lessor or lessee) of one
year or more, but does not include any amounts payable under Capitalized  Leases
of such Person.

    "Reportable  Event" means a  reportable event as defined  in Section 4043 of
ERISA and the  regulations issued under  such section, with  respect to a  Plan,
excluding,  however, such events as  to which the PBGC  by regulation waived the
requirement of Section 4043(a) of  ERISA that it be  notified within 30 days  of
the  occurrence of  such event,  provided, however, that  a failure  to meet the
minimum funding standard of Section 412 of the Code and of Section 302 of  ERISA
shall be a Reportable Event regardless of the issuance of any such waiver of the
notice requirement in accordance with either Section 4043(a) of ERISA or Section
412(d) of the Code.

    "Required Lenders" means Lenders in the aggregate having at least 66 2/3% of
the  Aggregate Commitment or,  if the Aggregate  Commitment has been terminated,
Lenders in the aggregate holding at least 66  2/3% of the sum of (i) the  Dollar
Equivalent  of the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the outstanding Advances
PLUS (ii) the Facility Letter of Credit Obligations.

    "Reserve Requirement" means, with respect to any Fixed Rate Advance for  any
Interest Period, the maximum aggregate reserve requirement (including all basic,
supplemental,  marginal and other reserves) which  is imposed under Regulation D
on new non-personal time deposits of $100,000  or more with a maturity equal  to
that  of such Fixed CD Rate Advance for  such CD Interest Period (in the case of
Fixed CD Rate Advances) or on  "Eurocurrency liabilities" with a maturity  equal
to that of such Eurodollar Advance for such Eurocurrency Interest Period (in the
case of Eurodollar Advances).

    "S&P" means Standard and Poor's Corporation.

    "Section"  means  a  numbered  section  of  this  Agreement,  unless another
document is specifically referenced.

    "Senior  Debt"   means   total   Indebtedness,   other   than   Subordinated
Indebtedness,  MINUS cash and Marketable Securities of the Borrower in excess of
$1,000,000,  all  determined  for  the  Borrower  and  its  Subsidiaries  on   a
consolidated basis (without duplication).

    "Single Employer Plan" means a Plan maintained by the Borrower or any member
of  the Controlled  Group for  employees of  the Borrower  or any  member of the
Controlled Group.

    "Specified Currency" is defined in Section 2.12.2.

    "Specified Place" is defined in Section 2.12.2.

    "Standby Letter of  Credit" means  an irrevocable standby  Letter of  Credit
issued  by an Issuing Bank  pursuant to Section 3.1,  that is either a Financial
Letter of Credit or a Performance Letter of Credit.

    "Status" means, at any date of  determination thereof, whichever of Level  I
Status, Level II Status or Level III Status exists at such date.

    "Subject Country" is defined in Section 5A.4.

    "Subordinated  Debt"  means  the Borrower's  $69,000,000  original principal
amount Convertible Subordinated  Debentures due  2003, issued  pursuant to  that
certain  Indenture dated May 27, 1993, between the Borrower and Harris Trust and
Savings Bank, as Trustee.

                                       12
<PAGE>
    "Subordinated Indebtedness"  of  a Person  means  any Indebtedness  of  such
Person the payment of which is subordinated to payment of the Obligations to the
written  satisfaction of the Required Lenders. In the case of the Borrower, such
Subordinated Indebtedness  shall  include, but  shall  not be  limited  to,  the
Subordinated Debt.

    "Subsidiary"  of a  Person means  (i) any corporation  more than  50% of the
outstanding securities having ordinary voting power  of which shall at the  time
be owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or by one or more
of  its Subsidiaries or by  such Person and one or  more of its Subsidiaries, or
(ii)  any   partnership,  association,   joint  venture   or  similar   business
organization  more than  50% of the  ownership interests  having ordinary voting
power of which shall  at the time  be so owned  or controlled. Unless  otherwise
expressly  provided,  all  references  herein to  a  "Subsidiary"  shall  mean a
Subsidiary of the Borrower.

    "Substantial Portion" means, with  respect to the  Property of the  Borrower
and  its  Subsidiaries,  Property which  (i)  represents  more than  10%  of the
consolidated assets of the  Borrower and its Subsidiaries  as would be shown  in
the consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at
the  beginning of the  twelve-month period ending  with the month  in which such
determination is  made,  or  (ii)  is  responsible for  more  than  10%  of  the
consolidated net sales or of the consolidated net income of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries  as reflected in the financial statements referred to in clause (i)
above.

    "Target" means,  (i)  when  used  with respect  to  (x)  an  Acquisition  of
securities of a corporation which have ordinary voting power for the election of
directors  (other  than  securities having  such  power  only by  reason  of the
happening of a  contingency) or (y)  ownership interests in  any partnership  or
joint  venture, such  corporation, partnership or  joint venture,  and (ii) when
used with respect to an Acquisition of any assets other than those described  in
clause (i), the assets being so acquired.

    "Taxes" is defined in Section 2.20.1.

    "Transferee" is defined in Section 12.4.

    "Type"  means, with respect to  any Advance, its nature  as a Alternate Base
Rate Advance, Fixed CD  Rate Advance, Eurodollar  Advance or other  Eurocurrency
Advance.

    "Unfunded  Liabilities" means the amount (if any) by which the present value
of all vested nonforfeitable  benefits under all  Single Employer Plans  exceeds
the  fair market value of  all such Plan assets  allocable to such benefits, all
determined as of the then most recent valuation date for such Plans.

    "Unmatured Default" means an event  which but for the  lapse of time or  the
giving of notice, or both, would constitute a Default.

    "Wholly-Owned  Subsidiary" of a  Person means (i) any  Subsidiary all of the
outstanding voting securities of which shall  at the time be owned, directly  or
indirectly,  by such  Person or  one or  more Wholly-Owned  Subsidiaries of such
Person, or by  such Person  and one or  more Wholly-Owned  Subsidiaries of  such
Person,  or (ii) any partnership, association, joint venture or similar business
organization 100% of  the ownership  interests having ordinary  voting power  of
which shall at the time be so owned.

    The  foregoing definitions shall be equally  applicable to both the singular
and plural forms of the defined terms.

                                   ARTICLE II
                                  THE CREDITS

    2.1.  COMMITMENT.  From and including  the date of this Agreement and  prior
to the Facility Termination Date, each Lender severally agrees, on the terms and
conditions  set forth in this  Agreement, to make Loans  to any of the Borrowing
Entities from time to  time in amounts  such that the  Dollar Equivalent of  all
Advances  (as of the respective dates of determination of such Dollar Equivalent
amounts) does not  exceed in the  aggregate at any  one time outstanding  (after
giving  effect to the intended use of proceeds  of any Advance used to repay any
outstanding  Reimbursement   Obligations   or  previously-made   Advances)   the

                                       13
<PAGE>
amount of such Lender's Percentage of the Aggregate Available Commitment (except
to  the extent such excess results from currency fluctuations as permitted under
Sections 2.7.2 and 2.9.3). Subject  to the terms of  this Agreement, any of  the
Borrowing  Entities may  borrow, repay  and reborrow  at any  time prior  to the
Facility Termination Date. The Commitments to lend hereunder shall expire on the
Facility Termination Date.

    2.2.   RATABLE LOANS;  TYPES  OF ADVANCES.    Each Advance  hereunder  shall
consist  of Loans  made from  the several Lenders  ratably in  proportion to the
ratio that their respective  Commitments bear to  the Aggregate Commitment.  The
Advances  may  be  Alternate  Base  Rate Advances,  Fixed  CD  Rate  Advances or
Eurocurrency Advances,  or  a  combination thereof,  selected  by  the  relevant
Borrowing  Entity in  accordance with Sections  2.8 and  2.9; PROVIDED, HOWEVER,
that (i)  Eurocurrency  Advances  denominated  in  a  Foreign  Currency  may  be
outstanding  in not more  than six Foreign  Currencies at any  one time and (ii)
there shall not  be more than  ten Fixed  Rate Advances outstanding  at any  one
time.

    2.3.   MINIMUM AMOUNT OF EACH ADVANCE.   Each Fixed Rate Advance shall be in
an amount  having  a Dollar  Equivalent  of not  less  than $1,000,000  (and  in
multiples  of  $500,000 if  in  excess thereof),  and  each Alternate  Base Rate
Advance shall be in the minimum amount of $200,000 (and in multiples of $100,000
if in excess thereof); PROVIDED, HOWEVER,  that any Alternate Base Rate  Advance
may be in the amount of the unused Aggregate Available Commitment.

    2.4.   FEES.  In addition to the Facility Letter of Credit Fees and issuance
fees identified in Section 3.8, the Borrower agrees to pay the following fees:

        2.4.1.  COMMITMENT FEE.  The Borrower agrees to pay to the Agent for the
    ratable account of each Lender, for the  period from the date hereof to  and
    including  the Facility  Termination Date,  a commitment  fee at  a rate per
    annum equal to the annual percentage rate indicated as the Applicable Margin
    for the commitment  fee on  the daily  unborrowed portion  of such  Lender's
    Percentage  of the  Aggregate Available  Commitment, the  accrued but unpaid
    portion of which shall be payable on each Payment Date hereafter and on  the
    Facility  Termination Date. All accrued commitment  fees shall be payable on
    the effective date of any termination  of the obligations of the Lenders  to
    make Loans and issue or participate in Facility Letters of Credit hereunder,
    and  commitment  fees  shall cease  to  accrue thereafter.  For  purposes of
    calculating the  commitment  fee hereunder,  the  principal amount  of  each
    Foreign  Currency Advance  shall be  the Dollar  Equivalent of  such Foreign
    Currency Advance as determined under clause (ii) of the definition herein of
    "Dollar Equivalent".

        2.4.2.  UPFRONT FEE.  The Borrower agrees to pay to each Lender, on  the
    date  that this Agreement is executed, an  upfront fee in an amount equal to
    .15% of such Lender's Commitment.

        2.4.3.  AGENT  FEES.  The  Borrower agrees  to pay certain  fees to  the
    Agent  on the dates and in the amounts  set forth in that certain fee letter
    between the Borrower and the  Agent dated September 29,  1993, as it may  be
    amended from time to time.

    2.5  APPLICABLE MARGIN.  The Applicable Margin set forth below, with respect
to  each Advance  and for  commitment fees  and Facility  Letter of  Credit Fees
payable hereunder,  shall be  subject to  adjustment (upwards  or downwards,  as
appropriate) based on the Borrower's Status as at the end of each fiscal quarter
in  accordance with the table  set forth below. The  Borrower's Status as at the
last day of each fiscal quarter shall be determined from the annual or quarterly
financial statements of the Borrower which first included such fiscal quarter or
the most recent Rating Letter (dated or updated within the prior twelve  months)
received  by the  Borrower, and in  each case  delivered by the  Borrower to the
Lenders pursuant to  Section 6.1. The  Borrower's Status on  the Effective  Date
shall  be based  upon the Compliance  Certificate delivered  pursuant to Section
4.1. The adjustment, if  any, to the Applicable  Margin shall be effective  five
days  after the Agent has received such annual or quarterly financial statements
or such Rating Letter, as the case may be.

                                       14
<PAGE>
In the event that the Borrower shall at any time fail to furnish to the  Lenders
such  financial statements within the time limitations specified by Section 6.1,
then the Borrower's  Status shall  be Level  III Status  from the  date of  such
failure until the fifth day after such financial statements are so delivered.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
APPLICABLE MARGIN                                 LEVEL I STATUS       LEVEL II STATUS      LEVEL III STATUS
- ---------------------------------------------  --------------------  -------------------  --------------------
<S>                                            <C>                   <C>                  <C>
Eurocurrency Rate............................           .75 %               1.00  %               1.375%
Fixed CD Rate................................           .875%               1.125 %               1.50 %
Commitment Fee...............................           .25 %                .30  %                .30 %
Standby Letter of Credit
 Fee Financial)..............................           .75 %               1.00  %               1.375%
Standby Letter of Credit
 Fee (Performance)...........................           .375%                .50  %                .50 %
</TABLE>

    For  purposes of  this Agreement, the  Borrower's Status  will be determined
based on the following definitions:

    "Level I Status" exists at any date if, as of the last day of the then  most
recently  ended fiscal quarter of the Borrower, either (i) the Interest Coverage
Ratio is greater than 5.0 to 1.0 or (ii) the Implied Senior Indebtedness  Rating
is  equivalent to  a long term  debt rating of  BBB or  higher by S&P  or Baa or
higher by Moody's.

    "Level II Status" exists at any date if, as of the last day of the then most
recently ended fiscal quarter of the Borrower, (i) the requirements necessary to
achieve Level  I Status  shall not  have been  satisfied and  (ii) the  Interest
Coverage Ratio is greater than 3.0 to 1.0.

    "Level  III  Status" exists  at any  date if  the requirements  necessary to
achieve Level I Status or Level II Status shall not have been satisfied.

    2.6  REDUCTIONS IN AGGREGATE COMMITMENT.   The Borrower may, at its  option,
permanently  reduce the Aggregate Commitment in  whole, or in part ratably among
the Lenders in integral  multiples of $5,000,000, upon  at least three  Business
Days'  written notice to the Agent, which notice shall specify the amount of any
such reduction; provided, however, that  the amount of the Aggregate  Commitment
may  not be reduced below the sum of  (i) the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate
principal amount of the then outstanding Advances plus (ii) the Facility  Letter
of Credit Obligations.

    2.7.  PRINCIPAL PAYMENTS.

        2.7.1.   OPTIONAL PAYMENTS.  Any Borrowing  Entity may from time to time
    pay or pre-pay, without penalty  or premium, all outstanding Alternate  Base
    Rate Advances, or, in a minimum aggregate amount of $200,000 or any integral
    multiple  of  $100,000 in  excess thereof,  any  portion of  the outstanding
    Alternate Base Rate Advances upon same day notice to the Agent. A Fixed Rate
    Advance may be  paid or  prepaid prior  to the  last day  of the  applicable
    Interest Period, subject to Section 2.20.5.

        2.7.2.     CURRENCY   FLUCTUATIONS;  PERMITTED   EXCESS  OVER  AGGREGATE
    COMMITMENT.  If  at any time  the Agent shall  determine that the  aggregate
    principal  amount  of outstanding  Advances  and Facility  Letter  of Credit
    Obligations (after  determining the  Dollar Equivalent  thereof) is  greater
    than  110% of the  Aggregate Commitment then  in effect, one  or more of the
    Borrowing Entities shall, upon one (1) Business Day's written notice to  the
    Borrower  from the Agent,  prepay an aggregate  principal amount of Advances
    such that  the  Dollar  Equivalent  of the  aggregate  principal  amount  of
    outstanding  Advances  and Facility  Letter of  Credit Obligations  does not
    exceed 110% of the Aggregate Commitment  then in effect, PROVIDED that  this
    Section  2.7.2 shall  not be interpreted  to permit any  Borrowing Entity to
    request the  making of  a new  Advance or  the issuance  or extension  of  a
    Facility  Letter of Credit if the  aggregate principal amount of outstanding
    Advances and  Facility  Letter of  Credit  Obligations would,  after  giving
    effect  to  such  new  Advance  or Facility  Letter  of  Credit,  exceed the
    Aggregate Commitment  then  in effect;  PROVIDED  FURTHER, HOWEVER,  that  a
    Borrowing  Entity  may  request continuations  and  conversions  of existing
    Advances as  described in  Section 2.9  when the  Dollar Equivalent  of  the
    aggregate  principal amount of  outstanding Advances and  Facility Letter of
    Credit Obligations would, after giving effect to

                                       15
<PAGE>
    such continuation or conversion, exceed the Aggregate Commitment so long  as
    the  Dollar  Equivalent of  the  aggregate principal  amount  of outstanding
    Advances and Facility Letter of  Credit Obligations would not, after  giving
    effect  to such  continuation or  conversion, exceed  110% of  the Aggregate
    Commitment.

        2.7.3.   TERMINATION.   Each Borrowing  Subsidiary shall  repay, on  the
    Facility  Termination  Date,  the  entire  unpaid  principal  amount  of the
    Advances made to it  and repay (or cash  collateralize) all other  Borrowing
    Subsidiary  Obligations applicable to it. The Borrower shall pay in full, on
    the Facility Termination  Date, the  entire unpaid principal  amount of  the
    Advances  made  to it  and repay  (or cash  collateralize) all  other unpaid
    Obligations, all as more fully set forth in Section 3.9 and Article XIV.

    2.8.  METHOD OF SELECTING  TYPES AND INTEREST PERIODS  FOR NEW ADVANCES.   A
Borrowing  Entity shall  select the  Type of  Advance and,  in the  case of each
Eurocurrency Advance, the Eurocurrency  applicable thereto and,  in the case  of
each  Fixed Rate  Advance, the Interest  Period applicable thereto  from time to
time. A Borrowing Entity shall give  the Agent irrevocable notice (a  "Borrowing
Notice")  not later than 10:00 a.m. (Chicago time) on the Borrowing Date of each
Alternate Base Rate Advance, at least one Business Day before the Borrowing Date
of each  Fixed CD  Rate Advance  and at  least three  Business Days  before  the
Borrowing Date for each Eurocurrency Advance, specifying:

    (i) the name of the Borrowing Entity,

    (ii) the Borrowing Date, which shall be a Business Day, of such Advance,

   (iii) the aggregate amount of such Advance,

    (iv) the Type of Advance selected,

    (v) in  the case of  each Eurocurrency Advance,  the Eurocurrency applicable
        thereto, and

    (vi) in the case of each Fixed Rate Advance, the Interest Period  applicable
         thereto.

In the case of Eurocurrency Advances (other than Eurodollar Advances), not later
than  11:00 a.m. (London time) on the  Borrowing Date thereof, each Lender shall
make available its Eurocurrency Loan or Eurocurrency Loans, in funds immediately
available in London, in the Foreign  Currency selected by the Borrowing  Entity,
to  the Agent at its London address specified in Schedule "2" attached hereto or
at any other Lending Installation of the Agent specified in writing by the Agent
to the Borrower. In the case of all other Advances, not later than noon (Chicago
time) on  each Borrowing  Date, each  Lender shall  make available  its Loan  or
Loans,  in funds immediately available  in Chicago, in Dollars,  to the Agent at
its  Chicago  address  specified  in  Schedule  "2"  or  at  any  other  Lending
Installation of the Agent specified in writing by the Agent to the Borrower. The
Agent  will make the funds so received from the Lenders immediately available to
the Borrower at the Agent's aforesaid address, as applicable.

    2.9.  CONVERSION AND CONTINUATION OF OUTSTANDING ADVANCES.

        2.9.1.  DOLLAR ADVANCES.  Alternate Base Rate Advances shall continue as
    Alternate Base  Rate Advances  unless  and until  such Alternate  Base  Rate
    Advances are converted into Fixed Rate Advances, in Dollars. Each Fixed Rate
    Advance,  in Dollars, of any Type shall continue as a Fixed Rate Advance, in
    Dollars, of such Type until the  end of the then applicable Interest  Period
    therefor,  at  which time  such Fixed  Rate  Advance shall  be automatically
    converted into an Alternate  Base Rate Advance unless  repaid or unless  the
    applicable    Borrowing   Entity    shall   have    given   the    Agent   a
    Conversion/Continuation Notice requesting that, at the end of such  Interest
    Period,  such Fixed Rate Advance either continue as a Fixed Rate Advance, in
    Dollars, of  such  Type  for the  same  or  another Interest  Period  or  be
    converted into an Advance, in Dollars, of another Type. Subject to the terms
    of  Sections 2.20.5  and 2.3, the  Borrower may  elect from time  to time to
    convert all or  any part of  an Advance, in  Dollars, of any  Type into  any
    other Type or Types of Advances, in Dollars.

        2.9.2.   FOREIGN  CURRENCY ADVANCES.   Each  Eurocurrency Advance,  in a
    Foreign Currency,  shall  continue  as  such  until  the  end  of  the  then
    applicable Interest Period therefor, at which time such Eurocurrency Advance
    shall  automatically be deemed to be  continued as a Eurocurrency Advance in

                                       16
<PAGE>
    the same amount and the same  Foreign Currency with a Eurocurrency  Interest
    Period  of one month  (commencing on the  last day of  the expiring Interest
    Period), unless the applicable Borrowing Entity shall have given the Agent a
    Conversion/Continuation Notice requesting that, at the end of such  Interest
    Period,  such Eurocurrency Advance continue as a Eurocurrency Advance in the
    same Foreign Currency for the same or another Eurocurrency Interest Period.

        2.9.3.  GENERAL PROVISIONS.  The applicable Borrowing Entity shall  give
    the  Agent irrevocable  notice (a "Conversion/Continuation  Notice") of each
    conversion of  an  Advance or  continuation  of  a Fixed  Rate  Advance  (as
    permitted  by the  provisions of  Sections 2.9.1  and 2.9.2)  not later than
    10:00 a.m. (Chicago time) on, in the case of a conversion into an  Alternate
    Base  Rate Advance,  at least one  Business Day prior  to, in the  case of a
    conversion into a Fixed CD Rate Advance or a continuation of a Fixed CD Rate
    Advance, or three Business Days prior to,  in the case of a conversion  into
    or  continuation  of  a  Eurocurrency Advance,  the  date  of  the requested
    conversion or continuation, specifying:

        (i) the  requested  date,  which  shall  be  a  Business  Day,  of  such
            conversion or continuation;

        (ii) the aggregate amount, Eurocurrency and Type of the Advance which is
             to be converted or continued; and

       (iii) the  amount and Type(s) of Advance(s) into which such Advance is to
             be converted or continued and, in the case of a conversion into  or
             continuation  of a Fixed Rate Advance, the duration of the Interest
             Period applicable thereto.

    Notwithstanding the provisions of  Sections 2.9.1 and  2.9.2, no Fixed  Rate
    Advance  shall be continued as or converted  into a Fixed Rate Advance for a
    new Interest  Period if  the Dollar  Equivalent of  the aggregate  principal
    amount  of  Advances  and  Facility  Letter  of  Credit  Obligations  to  be
    outstanding after giving  effect to  such continuation  or conversion  would
    exceed 110% of the Aggregate Commitment then in effect.

    2.10.   CHANGES  IN INTEREST  RATE, ETC.   Each Alternate  Base Rate Advance
shall bear interest on  the outstanding principal amount  thereof, for each  day
from  and including the date  such Advance is made or  is converted from a Fixed
Rate Advance into an  Alternate Base Rate Advance  pursuant to Section 2.9.1  to
(but  excluding)  the date  it becomes  due or  is converted  into a  Fixed Rate
Advance pursuant to  Section 2.9.1  hereof, at  a rate  per annum  equal to  the
Alternate  Base  Rate for  such day.  Changes in  the rate  of interest  on that
portion of any Advance  maintained as an Alternate  Base Rate Advance will  take
effect  simultaneously with each  change in the Alternate  Base Rate. Each Fixed
Rate Advance  shall  bear interest  from  and including  the  first day  of  the
Interest  Period applicable thereto to (but not  including) the last day of such
Interest Period at the interest rate determined as applicable to such Fixed Rate
Advance. No Interest Period may end after the Facility Termination Date.

    2.11.   RATES APPLICABLE  AFTER DEFAULT.   Notwithstanding  anything to  the
contrary contained in Section 2.8 or 2.9, during the continuance of a Default or
Unmatured  Default no Advance may be made as, converted into or continued as (as
such terms  are used  in Section  2.9) a  Fixed Rate  Advance (except  with  the
consent  of  the Required  Lenders).  During the  continuance  of a  Default the
Required Lenders may, at their option,  by notice to the Borrower (which  notice
may  be  revoked  at the  option  of  the Required  Lenders  notwithstanding any
provision of Section 8.2 requiring unanimous  consent of the Lenders to  changes
in interest rates), declare that (i) each Fixed Rate Advance shall bear interest
for  the  remainder of  the  applicable Interest  Period  at the  rate otherwise
applicable to such  Interest Period plus  2% per annum  and (ii) each  Alternate
Base Rate Advance shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Alternate
Base  Rate otherwise applicable to  the Alternate Base Rate  Advance plus 2% per
annum.

    2.12.  METHOD OF PAYMENT.

        2.12.1.  GENERAL.   All payments of the  Obligations hereunder shall  be
    made,  without setoff, deduction, or  counterclaim, in immediately available
    funds, to the Agent, in Dollars, at the Agent's address for Dollar Advances,
    as specified  in  Schedule  "2" hereto  (or,  in  the case  of  payments  of
    principal  of  and interest  on Foreign  Currency  Advances, in  the Foreign
    Currency borrowed, at the

                                       17
<PAGE>
    Agent's  address for Foreign Currency Advances, as specified in Schedule "2"
    hereto), or at  any other  Lending Installation  of the  Agent specified  in
    writing  by the Agent to the Borrower, by noon (local time) on the date when
    due and  shall be  applied ratably  by  the Agent  among the  Lenders.  Each
    payment  delivered  to the  Agent for  the  account of  any Lender  shall be
    delivered promptly by the Agent  to such Lender, in  the same type of  funds
    that the Agent received, at such Lender's address for Dollar Advances or for
    Foreign  Currency Advances, as  specified in Schedule "2"  hereto, or at any
    other Lending Installation specified in a notice received by the Agent  from
    such  Lender.  The Agent  is  hereby authorized,  upon  prior notice  to the
    Borrower, to charge the loan account  of the Borrower maintained with  First
    Chicago  for each payment of principal, interest  and fees as it becomes due
    hereunder.

        2.12.2.  CURRENCY OF PAYMENT.  All payments of principal of and interest
    on any  Advance or  of Reimbursement  Obligations or  any other  Obligations
    hereunder  shall be made by the Borrowing Entity responsible therefor in the
    currency borrowed  (the  "Specified Currency")  in  the manner  and  at  the
    address  (the "Specified Place") specified in Section 2.12.1. Payment of the
    Obligations shall not be discharged by an amount paid in another currency or
    in another place, whether pursuant to a judgment or otherwise, to the extent
    that the amount so paid on conversion to the Specified Currency and transfer
    to the Specified Place  under normal banking procedures  does not yield  the
    amount  of the Specified Currency at  the Specified Place due hereunder. If,
    for the  purpose of  obtaining judgment  in any  court, it  is necessary  to
    convert  a sum due hereunder in the Specified Currency into another currency
    (the "Judgment Currency"), the rate of exchange which shall be applied shall
    be that at  which in  accordance with  normal banking  procedures the  Agent
    could  purchase  the Specified  Currency with  that  amount of  the Judgment
    Currency on the Business Day next  preceding that on which such judgment  is
    rendered. The obligation of the Borrower in respect of any such sum due from
    it  to  the Agent  or  any Lender  hereunder  (an "Entitled  Person") shall,
    notwithstanding the  rate of  exchange actually  applied in  rendering  such
    judgment,  be  discharged  only  to  the extent  that  on  the  Business Day
    following receipt by  such Entitled  Person of any  sum adjudged  to be  due
    hereunder  or under the Notes in the Judgment Currency, such Entitled Person
    may in accordance with  normal banking procedures  purchase and transfer  to
    the  Specified Place the Specified Currency  with the amount of the Judgment
    Currency so  adjudged to  be due;  and the  Borrower hereby,  as a  separate
    Obligation  and notwithstanding any such  judgment, agrees to indemnify such
    Entitled Person against, and to pay  such Entitled Person on demand, in  the
    Specified  Currency, any difference  between the sum  originally due to such
    Entitled Person in the  Specified Currency and the  amount of the  Specified
    Currency so purchased and transferred.

    2.13.    NOTES; TELEPHONIC  NOTICES.   Each Lender  is hereby  authorized to
record the principal amount of each of  its Loans and each repayment thereof  on
the  schedule attached to its  Notes; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that  the failure to so
record shall not affect  the Borrowing Entities'  obligations under such  Notes.
Each  Borrowing Entity  hereby authorizes the  Lenders and the  Agent to extend,
convert or continue its Advances, effect selections of Types of its Advances and
to transfer funds, and the Issuing Bank to issue Facility Letters of Credit  for
its account, based on telephonic notices made by any person or persons the Agent
or  any Lender in good  faith believes to be acting  on behalf of such Borrowing
Entity. Each Borrowing Entity agrees to deliver promptly to the Agent a  written
confirmation,  if such confirmation is requested by  the Agent or any Lender, of
each telephonic notice signed by any of its Authorized Officers. If the  written
confirmation  differs in any material respect from the action taken by the Agent
and the Lenders, the records  of the Agent and  the Lenders shall govern  absent
manifest error.

    2.14.   INTEREST PAYMENT DATES; INTEREST AND FEE BASIS.  Interest accrued on
each Alternate  Base  Rate  Advance  shall be  payable  on  each  Payment  Date,
commencing  with the first such date to occur after the date hereof, on any date
on which the Alternate Base Rate Advance  is prepaid due to acceleration and  at
maturity.  Interest accrued on each  Fixed Rate Advance shall  be payable on the
last day of its applicable Interest Period, on any date on which the Fixed  Rate
Advance  is  prepaid, whether  by acceleration  or  otherwise, and  at maturity.
Interest accrued on  each Fixed Rate  Advance having an  Interest Period  longer
than  three months  shall also be  payable on  the last day  of each three-month
interval during such Interest Period. Interest and fees shall be calculated  for
actual   days   elapsed   on   the   basis   of   a   360-day   year.   Interest

                                       18
<PAGE>
shall be payable  for the day  an Advance  is made but  not for the  day of  any
payment  on the amount paid if payment is received prior to noon (local time) at
the place of payment. If any payment  of principal of or interest on an  Advance
shall  become due on  a day which is  not a Business Day,  such payment shall be
made on  the next  succeeding  Business Day  and, in  the  case of  a  principal
payment,  such  extension of  time shall  be included  in computing  interest in
connection with such payment.

    2.15.  NOTIFICATION  BY AGENT.   Promptly after receipt  thereof, the  Agent
will  notify each Lender of the  contents of each Aggregate Commitment reduction
notice, Borrowing  Notice,  Conversion/Continuation  Notice,  Letter  of  Credit
Request,  Issuance Notice  and repayment  notice received  by it  hereunder. The
Agent will notify each Lender of the interest rate applicable to each Fixed Rate
Advance promptly upon  determination of such  interest rate and  will give  each
Lender prompt notice of each change in the Alternate Base Rate.

    2.16.   LENDING INSTALLATIONS.   Subject to Section  2.20.6, each Lender may
book its  Loans at  any Lending  Installation selected  by such  Lender and  may
change  its Lending  Installation from time  to time, PROVIDED  that such Lender
shall remain the legal entity exclusively entitled to all rights and responsible
for all obligations  of a  Lender hereunder unless  such Lender  enters into  an
assignment  in compliance with the provisions of Section 12.3. All terms of this
Agreement shall apply to  any such Lending Installation  and the Notes shall  be
deemed held by each Lender for the benefit of such Lending Installation. Subject
to  Section 2.20.6, each Lender may, by written or telex notice to the Agent and
the Borrower, designate a Lending Installation through which Loans will be  made
by it and for whose account Loan payments are to be made.

    2.17.   NON-RECEIPT OF FUNDS BY THE AGENT.  Unless any Borrowing Entity or a
Lender, as the case may be, notifies the Agent prior to the date on which it  is
scheduled  to make  payment to the  Agent of  (i) in the  case of  a Lender, the
proceeds of a Loan  or (ii) in the  case of any Borrowing  Entity, a payment  of
principal, interest or fees to the Agent for the account of the Lenders, that it
does not intend to make such payment, the Agent may assume that such payment has
been made. The Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make the amount of such
payment available to the intended recipient in reliance upon such assumption. If
such  Lender or any Borrowing Entity,  as the case may be,  has not in fact made
such payment to the Agent, the recipient of such payment shall, on demand by the
Agent, repay to the  Agent the amount so  made available together with  interest
thereon  in respect of  each day during  the period commencing  on the date such
amount was so made available by the Agent until the date the Agent recovers such
amount at a rate per annum equal to (i) in the case of payment by a Lender,  the
Federal  Funds Effective Rate for such day or (ii) in the case of payment by any
Borrowing Entity, the interest rate applicable to the relevant Loan.

    2.18.  WITHHOLDING TAX EXEMPTION.  At least five Business Days prior to  the
first  date on which interest  or fees are payable  hereunder for the account of
any Lender, each Lender that  is not incorporated under  the laws of the  United
States  of America, or a  state thereof, agrees that it  will deliver to each of
the Borrower and the Agent two  duly completed copies of United States  Internal
Revenue Service Form 1001 or 4224, certifying in either case that such Lender is
entitled  to  receive  payments  under  this  Agreement  and  the  Notes without
deduction or withholding of any United States federal income taxes. Each  Lender
which  so delivers a Form 1001 or 4224  further undertakes to deliver to each of
the Borrower and the Agent  two additional copies of  such form (or a  successor
form)  on or before the date that such form expires (currently, three successive
calendar years for Form  1001 and one  calendar year for  Form 4224) or  becomes
obsolete  or after the  occurrence of any  event requiring a  change in the most
recent forms so delivered  by it, and such  amendments thereto or extensions  or
renewals thereof as may be reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Agent, in
each case certifying that such Lender is entitled to receive payments under this
Agreement  and the Notes  without deduction or withholding  of any United States
federal income taxes, unless an  event (including without limitation any  change
in  treaty, law or regulation) has occurred prior  to the date on which any such
delivery would otherwise be required  which renders all such forms  inapplicable
or  which would prevent such Lender from duly completing and delivering any such
form with respect to it and such Lender advises the Borrower and the Agent  that
it  is not capable of receiving payments without any deduction or withholding of
United States  federal income  tax. In  the event  that any  Foreign  Subsidiary
becomes  a Borrowing Subsidiary  hereunder, each Lender  will (i) cooperate with
the Borrower and such Foreign Subsidiary to determine which tax and  withholding
forms,    if   any,   may   be   required   by   the   laws   of   the   country

                                       19
<PAGE>
of incorporation  of  such  Borrowing  Subsidiary in  order  to  establish  that
payments  under this  Agreement and the  other Loan Documents  from such Foreign
Subsidiary to such Lender can be  made without deduction or withholding for  (or
any other liability to pay) any Taxes of such country or any Governmental Agency
thereof  and  (ii)  file  any such  forms  described  in clause  (i)  as  may be
applicable to such Lender,  advantageous to the Borrowing  Entities and not,  in
the opinion of such Lender, disadvantageous to such Lender.

    2.19.   EXTENSION OF FACILITY TERMINATION DATE.  The Borrower may request an
extension of the  then current  Facility Termination Date  for a  period of  one
year,  by submitting  a request  for an  extension to  the Agent  (an "Extension
Request") not more than 90  days, but not less than  60 days, prior to the  then
current Extension Date. Promptly upon receipt of an Extension Request, the Agent
shall  deliver a copy thereof to the Lenders. Each Lender may, by an irrevocable
notice (a "Consent Notice") to the Borrower  and the Agent given within 30  days
after  receipt of the Extension Request by  the Agent, consent to such Extension
Request of the Borrower, which consent may  be given or withheld by each  Lender
in  its absolute and sole discretion. Failure  by any Lender to give its consent
in writing within such 30 day period shall be deemed a refusal by such Lender of
such Extension Request. If less than all of the Lenders consent to the Extension
Request, the Borrower's  request shall  be denied and  the Facility  Termination
Date  shall remain  unchanged. If  consent is obtained  from all  of the Lenders
prior to the then current Extension Date, the Facility Termination Date shall be
so extended and all  references in the Loan  Documents to "Facility  Termination
Date" shall refer to the Facility Termination Date, as so extended.

    2.20.  CHANGE IN CIRCUMSTANCES.

        2.20.1.  TAXES.

           (a)    PAYMENTS  TO BE  FREE  AND CLEAR.    All sums  payable  by any
           Borrowing Entity whether in respect  of principal, interest, fees  or
       otherwise  shall be  paid without  deduction for  any present  and future
       taxes, levies, imposts,  deductions, charges or  withholdings imposed  by
       any country, any Governmental Agency thereof or therein, any jurisdiction
       from  which  any  or  all  such  payments  are  made  and  any  political
       subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, EXCLUDING income  and
       franchise taxes (and deductions and withholdings therefor) imposed on the
       Agent  or any Lender (x) by the  jurisdiction under the laws of which the
       Agent or such Lender  is organized or any  Governmental Agency or  taxing
       authority  thereof or  therein, or (y)  by any jurisdiction  in which the
       Agent's or  such  Lender's  Lending  Installations  are  located  or  any
       Governmental Agency or taxing authority thereof or therein (such excluded
       taxes,  deductions and withholdings,  collectively, "Excluded Taxes"; and
       all such  taxes, levies,  imposts, deductions,  charges and  withholdings
       (including  Excluded Taxes), collectively,  "Taxes"), which amounts shall
       be paid by  any Borrowing Entity  as provided in  Section 2.20.1(b).  Any
       Borrowing Entity will pay each Lender the amounts necessary such that the
       net  amount of the  principal, interest, fees or  other sums received and
       retained by each Lender  is not less than  the amount payable under  this
       Agreement.

           (b)   GROSSING-UP OF PAYMENTS.   If: (a) any  Borrowing Entity or any
           other Person is required by law to make any deduction or  withholding
       on  account of any Tax  (other than Excluded Taxes)  or other amount from
       any sum paid or expressed  to be payable by  any Borrowing Entity to  any
       Lender  under this Agreement; or (b) any  party to this Agreement (or any
       Person on its behalf) other than any Borrowing Entity is required by  law
       to  make any deduction or withholding from,  or (other than on account of
       any Excluded Tax) any payment on or calculated by reference to the amount
       of, any  such  sum  received  or receivable  by  any  Lender  under  this
       Agreement:

            (i) such  Borrowing  Entity  shall  notify  the  Agent  of  any such
                requirement or any change in any such requirement as soon as any
                Borrowing Entity becomes aware of it;

            (ii) such Borrowing Entity shall  pay any such  Tax or other  amount
                 before  the date on which penalties attached thereto become due
                 and payable, such payment to be  made (if the liability to  pay
                 is imposed on such Borrowing Entity) for its own account or (if
                 that liability is imposed on any other party to this Agreement)
                 on behalf of and in the name of that party;

                                       20
<PAGE>
           (iii) the  sum payable by  such Borrowing Entity  in respect of which
                 the relevant  deduction,  withholding or  payment  is  required
                 shall  (except, in the case of  any such payment, to the extent
                 that the amount thereof is  not ascertainable when that sum  is
                 paid)  be  increased to  the extent  necessary to  ensure that,
                 after the  making of  that deduction,  withholding or  payment,
                 that  party receives on the due date and retains (free from any
                 liability in  respect of  any  such deduction,  withholding  or
                 payment)  a sum equal to that  which it would have received and
                 so retained had no such deduction, withholding or payment  been
                 required or made; and

            (iv) within  thirty (30)  days after payment  of any  sum from which
                 such Borrowing Entity is required by law to make any  deduction
                 or  withholding, and within thirty (30) days after the due date
                 of payment of any Tax or  other amount which it is required  by
                 Section 2.20.1(b)(ii) to pay, it shall deliver to the Agent all
                 such certified documents and other evidence as to the making of
                 such  deduction, withholding  or payment as  (a) are reasonably
                 satisfactory  to  other  affected  parties  as  proof  of  such
                 deduction, withholding or payment and of the remittance thereof
                 to   the  relevant  taxing  or  other  authority  and  (b)  are
                 reasonably required by any such party  to enable it to claim  a
                 tax  credit  with  respect to  such  deduction,  withholding or
                 payment.

        2.20.2.  YIELD PROTECTION.   (a) If the  adoption or promulgation on  or
    after  the date hereof of any  law or any governmental or quasi-governmental
    rule, regulation, policy, guideline or directive (whether or not having  the
    force  of  law),  or  any  change  on  or  after  the  date  hereof  in  the
    interpretation thereof,  or  the compliance  of  any Lender  with  any  such
    adoption, promulgation or change in interpretation,

    (i) subjects any Lender or any applicable Lending Installation to any Tax on
        or  from  payments due  from  any Borrowing  Entity  (excluding Excluded
        Taxes), or changes the  basis of taxation of  payments to any Lender  in
        respect  of its Loans, its interest in the Facility Letters of Credit or
        other amounts due it hereunder (excluding Excluded Taxes), or

    (ii) imposes,  increases  or  deems  applicable  any  reserve,   assessment,
         insurance charge, special deposit or similar requirement against assets
         of,  deposits with or  for the account  of, or credit  extended by, any
         Lender or any applicable Lending Installation (other than reserves  and
         assessments  taken  into  account  in  determining  the  interest  rate
         applicable to Fixed Rate Advances), or

   (iii) imposes any other condition (except with respect to Excluded Taxes) the
         result of which is to increase the cost to any Lender or any applicable
         Lending Installation of making, funding or maintaining Loans or issuing
         Facility Letters  of Credit  or reduces  any amount  receivable by  any
         Lender  or any applicable Lending Installation in connection with Loans
         or Facility Letters of Credit, or requires any Lender or any applicable
         Lending Installation to make any payment calculated by reference to the
         amount of Loans held, Facility Letters of Credit issued or participated
         in or interest  received by it,  by an amount  deemed material by  such
         Lender,

    then,  within 15 days of demand by  such Lender, the Borrower shall pay such
    Lender that portion of  such increased expense incurred  or reduction in  an
    amount  received which such Lender  reasonably determines is attributable to
    making, funding  and maintaining  its Loans,  its interest  in the  Facility
    Letters of Credit, and its Commitment.

        (b)  In addition to any other  amounts payable by the Borrowing Entities
    hereunder, each Lender  may require  the relevant Borrowing  Entity to  pay,
    contemporaneously  with each payment of interest on Eurocurrency Advances of
    such Borrowing Entity which are  denominated in pounds sterling,  additional
    interest  on the related Eurocurrency Loan  of such Lender at the percentage
    calculated from time to time by such Lender to be the percentage required to
    fully compensate such  Lender for all  reserve costs, liabilities,  expenses
    and  assessments  (other  than  reserve  costs,  liabilities,  expenses  and
    assessments taken into account in  determining the interest rate  applicable
    to  such Eurocurrency Advance)  which have been incurred  by such Lender (or
    its  applicable  Lending  Installation)  in  complying  with  any  and   all
    requirements of any relevant United Kingdom banking authority or authorities
    applicable to such

                                       21
<PAGE>
    Lender  (or  its  applicable  Lending  Installation)  regarding  the making,
    funding  or  maintaining  of  such  Eurocurrency  Loan  (including,  without
    limitation, any and all liquid asset maintenance requirements of the Bank of
    England).  A  certificate  of  any Lender  claiming  compensation  under the
    preceding sentence, setting forth the additional  interest to be paid to  it
    thereunder  and  setting  forth  in  reasonable  detail  a  reasonable basis
    therefor, shall  be conclusive  in the  absence of  manifest error,  and  in
    determining  the amount of such interest, such Lender may use any reasonable
    averaging and attribution methods. Any Lender wishing to require payment  of
    such  additional interest (x) shall so  notify the relevant Borrowing Entity
    and the Agent, in  which case such additional  interest on the  Eurocurrency
    Loans  of such  Lender denominated  in pounds  sterling shall  be payable in
    pounds sterling to such  Lender at the place  indicated in such notice  with
    respect to each Interest Period commencing at least five Business Days after
    the giving of such notice and (y) shall notify the relevant Borrowing Entity
    at  least five Business Days prior to each date on which interest is payable
    on such Eurocurrency Loans of the amount then due it under this Section.

        2.20.3.    CHANGES  IN  CAPITAL  ADEQUACY  REGULATIONS.    If  a  Lender
    determines  the amount of  capital required or expected  to be maintained by
    such Lender,  any applicable  Lending  Installation of  such Lender  or  any
    corporation  controlling such Lender  is increased as a  result of a Change,
    then, within 15 days of demand by  such Lender, the Borrower shall pay  such
    Lender  the amount necessary to compensate for  any shortfall in the rate of
    return on the portion of such increased capital which such Lender determines
    is attributable to this Agreement, its  Loans, its interest in the  Facility
    Letters  of Credit, or its obligation to make Loans, participate in or issue
    Facility Letters  of  Credit  hereunder  (after  taking  into  account  such
    Lender's  policies as  to capital adequacy).  "Change" means  (i) any change
    after the date  of this Agreement  in the Risk-Based  Capital Guidelines  or
    (ii)   any  adoption  of  or  change  in  any  other  law,  governmental  or
    quasi-governmental rule, regulation,  policy, guideline, interpretation,  or
    directive  (whether or not having  the force of law)  after the date of this
    Agreement which affects  the amount of  capital required or  expected to  be
    maintained  by any  Lender or  any Lending  Installation or  any corporation
    controlling any  Lender.  "Risk-Based  Capital  Guidelines"  means  (i)  the
    risk-based  capital guidelines in effect in the United States on the date of
    this Agreement,  including  transition  rules, and  (ii)  the  corresponding
    capital regulations promulgated by regulatory authorities outside the United
    States  implementing the July 1988 report  of the Basle Committee on Banking
    Regulation and Supervisory Practices entitled "International Convergence  of
    Capital Measurements and Capital Standards," including transition rules, and
    any  amendments  to  such regulations  adopted  prior  to the  date  of this
    Agreement.

        2.20.4.  AVAILABILITY OF  TYPES OF ADVANCES.   If any Lender  determines
    that   maintenance  of  its   Eurocurrency  Loans  at   a  suitable  Lending
    Installation  would  violate  any  applicable  law,  rule,  regulation,   or
    directive,  whether  or not  having the  force  of law,  or if  the Required
    Lenders determine that (i)  deposits of a type  and maturity appropriate  to
    match  fund Fixed Rate  Advances of any  Type are not  available or (ii) the
    interest rate  applicable  to  any  Type of  Fixed  Rate  Advance  does  not
    accurately  reflect the cost of making or maintaining such Advance, then the
    Agent shall suspend  the availability of  the affected Type  of Advance  and
    require any Fixed Rate Advances of the affected Type to be repaid.

        2.20.5.    FUNDING INDEMNIFICATION.    If any  payment  of a  Fixed Rate
    Advance occurs  on a  date  which is  not the  last  day of  the  applicable
    Interest  Period, whether because of  acceleration, prepayment or otherwise,
    or a Fixed Rate Advance  is not made on the  date specified by the  Borrower
    for  any  reason  other  than  default by  the  Lenders,  the  Borrower will
    indemnify each Lender for any loss or cost (including lost profits) incurred
    by it resulting therefrom, including,  without limitation, any loss or  cost
    in  liquidating or employing deposits acquired to fund or maintain the Fixed
    Rate Advance.

        2.20.6.   LENDER  STATEMENTS; SURVIVAL  OF  INDEMNITY.   To  the  extent
    reasonably  possible,  each  Lender  shall  designate  an  alternate Lending
    Installation with respect to its Fixed Rate Loans to reduce any liability or
    obligation of the Borrowing Entities  to such Lender under Sections  2.20.1,
    2.20.2  and 2.20.3 or to avoid the unavailability of a Type of Advance under
    Section 2.20.4, so long as such  designation is not disadvantageous to  such
    Lender.  Each Lender shall deliver a written  statement of such Lender as to
    the amount due,  if any, under  Sections 2.20.1, 2.20.2,  2.20.3 or  2.20.5.
    Such written statement shall set

                                       22
<PAGE>
    forth   in  reasonable  detail  the  calculations  upon  which  such  Lender
    determined such amount  and shall be  final, conclusive and  binding on  the
    Borrower  in the absence of manifest error. Determination of amounts payable
    under such Sections in connection with a Fixed Rate Loan shall be calculated
    as though each Lender funded its Fixed  Rate Loan through the purchase of  a
    deposit  of the  type and  maturity corresponding to  the deposit  used as a
    reference in determining the Fixed Rate applicable to such Loan, whether  in
    fact  that is the case or not.  Unless otherwise provided herein, the amount
    specified in the written statement shall be payable on demand after  receipt
    by  the Borrower  of the written  statement. The obligations  of the parties
    under Sections 2.20.1, 2.20.2,  2.20.3 and 2.20.5  shall survive payment  of
    the Obligations and termination of this Agreement.

                                  ARTICLE III
                        THE LETTER OF CREDIT SUBFACILITY

    3.1.   OBLIGATION  TO ISSUE.   Subject to  the terms and  conditions of this
Agreement, upon completion of an  application in the form  of that set forth  in
Exhibit  "C" hereto (or,  in the case of  a Commercial Letter  of Credit, a form
acceptable to the Issuing Bank (as defined below) and not inconsistent with  the
terms hereof) by a Borrowing Entity and in reliance upon the representations and
warranties  of the Borrowing  Entities herein set forth,  First Chicago (and, at
the discretion of  each other Lender  in each such  instance, each such  Lender)
hereby  agrees to  issue for  the account  of the  applicable Borrowing Entities
through such  of such  Lender's  branches as  it  and the  applicable  Borrowing
Entities  may  jointly  agree  (PROVIDED that,  absent  any  agreement  with the
applicable Borrowing Entity to the  contrary, First Chicago will issue  Facility
Letters  of  Credit  through its  offices  in  Chicago, Illinois),  one  or more
Facility Letters of  Credit in accordance  with this Article  III, from time  to
time  during the period, commencing on the Effective Date and ending on the last
Business Day  prior  to  the  Facility Termination  Date  (upon  receipt  of  an
application for the issuance of a Facility Letter of Credit, the Lender to which
such  application is made shall herein be referred to as the "Issuing Bank" with
respect to such prospective or actual Facility Letter of Credit). To the  extent
that  any term or  provision of an  application for a  Facility Letter of Credit
hereunder conflicts with the terms and  provisions of this Agreement, the  terms
and provisions of this Agreement shall control.

    3.2.  TYPES AND AMOUNTS.  An Issuing Bank shall not:

    (i) issue any Facility Letter of Credit if the aggregate maximum amount then
        available  for drawing  under Letters of  Credit issued  by such Issuing
        Bank, after giving  effect to  the Facility Letter  of Credit  requested
        hereunder, shall exceed any limit imposed by law or regulation upon such
        Issuing Bank;

    (ii) issue  any Facility Letter  of Credit if,  after giving effect thereto,
         the sum of (a) the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate unpaid  principal
         balance  of the Advances then outstanding  PLUS (b) the Facility Letter
         of Credit  Obligations  then  outstanding would  exceed  the  Aggregate
         Commitment as then in effect;

   (iii) issue  any  Letter of  Credit which  has an  expiration date  after the
         Facility Termination Date;

    (iv) issue any  Facility Letter  of  Credit having  an expiration  date,  or
         containing automatic extension provisions to extend such date to a date
         which is, more than twelve (12) months after the date of its issuance;

    (v) issue  any Facility  Letter of Credit  if the Facility  Letter of Credit
        Obligations, after  giving  effect  to any  Facility  Letter  of  Credit
        requested  hereunder, would exceed $24,985,857 on  or prior to March 30,
        1994 and $15,000,000 thereafter;  PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that $9,985,857  of
        such  $24,985,857 may only be represented by the MONY Letters of Credit;
        or

    (vi) issue any Facility Letter of Credit if any Default or Unmatured Default
         exists.

                                       23
<PAGE>
    3.3  CONDITIONS.  In  addition to being subject  to the satisfaction of  the
conditions  contained in Section 4.2, the obligation of an Issuing Bank to issue
any Facility Letter  of Credit is  subject to  the satisfaction in  full of  the
following conditions:

    (i) the  applicable Borrowing  Entity shall  have delivered  to such Issuing
        Bank at  such  times  and  in  such manner  as  such  Issuing  Bank  may
        reasonably  prescribe such  documents and  materials as  may be required
        pursuant to the  terms of  the proposed  Facility Letter  of Credit  (it
        being understood that if any inconsistency exists between such documents
        and  the Loan Documents, the terms  of the Loan Documents shall control)
        and  the  proposed  Facility  Letter  of  Credit  shall  be   reasonably
        satisfactory to the Issuing Bank as to form and content; and

    (ii) as  of the date of issuance, no order, judgment or decree of any court,
         arbitrator or  governmental authority  shall purport  by its  terms  to
         enjoin  or  restrain  that  Issuing  Bank  from  issuing  the requested
         Facility Letter of Credit and no law, rule or regulation applicable  to
         that  Issuing Bank and  no request or directive  (whether or not having
         the force of  law) from  any governmental  authority with  jurisdiction
         over that Issuing Bank shall prohibit or request that such Issuing Bank
         refrain  from  the  issuance  of Letters  of  Credit  generally  or the
         issuance of the requested Facility Letter of Credit in particular.

    3.4.  PROCEDURE FOR ISSUANCE OF FACILITY LETTERS OF CREDIT.

        (a) The applicable Borrowing Entity shall give the Issuing Bank and  the
    Agent  at least two (2) Business Days' prior written notice of any requested
    issuance of a Facility Letter of  Credit under this Agreement (a "Letter  of
    Credit  Request")  (except  that,  in  lieu  of  such  written  notice,  the
    applicable Borrowing  Entity  may  give  the  Issuing  Bank  and  the  Agent
    telephonic notice of such request if confirmed in writing by delivery to the
    Issuing  Bank and the Agent (i) immediately (A) of a telecopy of the written
    notice required hereunder which has been signed by an Authorized Officer  or
    (B)  of a telex containing all information  required to be contained in such
    written notice and (ii) promptly (but  in no event later than the  requested
    date  of issuance) of  the written notice  required hereunder containing the
    original  signature  of  an  Authorized  Officer);  such  notice  shall   be
    irrevocable and shall specify:

        (1)  whether the  requested Facility  Letter of  Credit is  a Commercial
           Letter of  Credit or  a Standby  Letter of  Credit and,  if it  is  a
           Standby  Letter of  Credit, whether  the applicable  Borrowing Entity
           believes it  to be  a Financial  Letter of  Credit or  a  Performance
           Letter of Credit;

        (2)  the stated amount of the Facility Letter of Credit requested (which
           stated amount shall not be less than $50,000);

        (3) the effective date (which day  shall be a Business Day) of  issuance
           of such requested Facility Letter of Credit (the "Issuance Date");

        (4)  the date on  which such requested  Facility Letter of  Credit is to
           expire (which date shall be a Business  Day and shall in no event  be
           later than the Facility Termination Date);

        (5)  the name of  the Issuing Bank  chosen by the  Borrower to issue the
           requested Facility Letter of Credit;

        (6) the  purpose for  which such  Facility  Letter of  Credit is  to  be
           issued; and

        (7)  the Person(s)  for whose benefit  the requested  Facility Letter of
           Credit is to be issued.

    At the time such request is made, the applicable Borrowing Entity shall also
    provide the Agent and the  Issuing Bank a copy of  the form of the  Facility
    Letter  of Credit it is requesting be  issued. Such notice, to be effective,
    must be received by such Issuing Bank and the Agent not later than 2:00 p.m.
    (Chicago time) on the last Business Day  on which notice can be given  under
    this Section 3.4(a).

        (b) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Article III and provided
    that  the applicable  conditions set forth  in Section 4.2  hereof have been
    satisfied, the Issuing Bank  shall, on the Issuance  Date, issue a  Facility
    Letter  of Credit on behalf of the applicable Borrowing Entity in accordance
    with

                                       24
<PAGE>
    the Issuing Bank's usual and customary business practices unless the Issuing
    Bank has  actually  received  (i)  written or  telephonic  notice  from  the
    applicable  Borrowing  Entity  specifically revoking  the  Letter  of Credit
    Request with respect to such Facility Letter of Credit, (ii) written  notice
    from  the Agent,  which complies  with the  provisions of  Section 3.6(a) or
    (iii) written or telephonic notice from the Agent stating that the  issuance
    of such Facility Letter of Credit would violate Section 3.2.

        (c)  Each Issuing Bank shall give the Agent and the applicable Borrowing
    Entity written  or telex  notice, or  telephonic notice  confirmed  promptly
    thereafter  in writing, of the issuance of  a Facility Letter of Credit (the
    "Issuance Notice"), which shall indicate, in  the case of the issuance of  a
    Standby  Letter of Credit, the Issuing Bank's reasonable determination as to
    whether such Standby Letter of Credit is  a Financial Letter of Credit or  a
    Performance Letter of Credit, which determination shall be conclusive absent
    manifest error.

        (d)  An Issuing Bank  shall not extend  or amend any  Facility Letter of
    Credit (except in accordance with the specific terms of such Facility Letter
    of Credit) unless the requirements of this  Section 3.4 are met as though  a
    new Facility Letter of Credit was being requested and issued.

    3.5.    REIMBURSEMENT OBLIGATIONS;  AUTOMATIC  ALTERNATE BASE  RATE ADVANCE;
DUTIES OF ISSUING BANKS.

        (a) (i) Each Issuing Bank shall promptly notify the applicable Borrowing
    Entity and the  Agent of any  draw under  a Facility Letter  of Credit.  The
    applicable Borrowing Entity or the Borrower shall reimburse the Issuing Bank
    for  drawings under a Facility  Letter of Credit issued  by it no later than
    the next succeeding  Business Day  after the  payment by  that Issuing  Bank
    (including  through the  application of  proceeds of  Advances requested for
    such purpose); and  (ii) any  Reimbursement Obligation with  respect to  any
    Facility  Letter of  Credit not so  reimbursed shall bear  interest from the
    date of the relevant drawings under the pertinent Facility Letter of  Credit
    until  payment  in full  is received  by  such Issuing  Bank at  the Default
    interest rate for Alternate Base Rate Advances calculated in accordance with
    Section 2.11.  If  the  Borrower  or applicable  Borrowing  Entity  has  not
    reimbursed  the Issuing Bank by 10:00  a.m. on such next succeeding Business
    Day (whether  with  the  proceeds  of  an  Advance  requested  hereunder  or
    otherwise), then the Issuing Bank shall immediately notify the Agent of such
    failure. Provided that the conditions precedent set forth in Section 4.2 and
    other  requirements of  this Agreement for  the making of  an Alternate Base
    Rate Advance  in  the  aggregate  principal  amount  of  such  Reimbursement
    Obligation   (other  than   the  requirement   that  the   Borrowing  Entity
    affirmatively request such Advance) are, in  the opinion of the Agent,  met,
    the  Agent will then promptly notify the Lenders that the Borrower is deemed
    to have made a request for an  Alternate Base Rate Advance in the  aggregate
    principal  amount of  such Reimbursement  Obligation, and  each Lender shall
    make available its Loan or Loans in the manner prescribed for Alternate Base
    Rate Advances herein. The Agent shall then transfer the aggregate  principal
    amount  of such Alternate Base Rate Advance  to the relevant Issuing Bank in
    satisfaction  of  the  unpaid  Reimbursement  Obligation.  Thereafter,  such
    Advance  shall be treated as an Alternate Base Rate Advance requested by the
    Borrower hereunder.

        (b) Any action taken or omitted to be taken by an Issuing Bank under  or
    in connection with any Facility Letter of Credit, if taken or omitted in the
    absence  of  willful  misconduct or  gross  negligence, shall  not  put that
    Issuing Bank under any resulting liability  to any Lender or, assuming  that
    such  Issuing Bank has complied with the procedures specified in Section 3.4
    and the Agent  has not given  a notice contemplated  by Section 3.6(a)  that
    continues  in full force and effect,  relieve that Lender of its obligations
    hereunder to that  Issuing Bank.  In determining  whether to  pay under  any
    Facility Letter of Credit, an Issuing Bank shall have no obligation relative
    to  the Lenders  other than  to confirm  that any  documents required  to be
    delivered under such Facility Letter of Credit appear to have been delivered
    in compliance  and  that they  appear  to comply  on  their face,  with  the
    requirements of such Facility Letter of Credit.

    3.6.  PARTICIPATION.

        (a)  Immediately upon issuance by an Issuing Bank of any Facility Letter
    of Credit  in  accordance with  the  procedures  set forth  in  Section  3.4
    (including    the   Facility    Letter   of   Credit    described   in   the

                                       25
<PAGE>
    proviso to Section 3.2(v)), each Lender shall be deemed to have  irrevocably
    and  unconditionally purchased and received  from that Issuing Bank, without
    recourse,  representation   or   warranty,   an   undivided   interest   and
    participation  equal to  its Percentage  in such  Facility Letter  of Credit
    (including, without limitation, all obligations of the applicable  Borrowing
    Entity   with  respect  thereto)  and  any  security  therefor  or  guaranty
    pertaining thereto; PROVIDED, that a Letter of Credit issued by any  Issuing
    Bank  shall not be deemed to be a  Facility Letter of Credit for purposes of
    this Section 3.6  if such Issuing  Bank shall have  received written  notice
    from  the Agent  on or  before the  Business Day  prior to  the date  of its
    issuance of  such  Letter of  Credit  that one  or  more of  the  conditions
    contained in Section 4.2 is not then satisfied, and, in the event an Issuing
    Bank  receives such a notice,  it shall have no  further obligation to issue
    any Facility Letter of Credit until such notice is withdrawn by the Agent or
    it subsequently receives  a notice from  the Agent that  such condition  has
    been effectively waived in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.

        (b)  In the  event that  any Issuing  Bank makes  any payment  under any
    Facility Letter  of  Credit  and  the applicable  Borrowing  Entity  or  the
    Borrower  shall not have repaid such amount to such Issuing Bank pursuant to
    Sections 3.5 and  3.7 hereof, such  Issuing Bank shall  promptly notify  the
    Agent,  which shall promptly  notify each Lender, of  such failure, and each
    Lender shall, unless a deemed Alternate Base Rate Advance in the full amount
    of such unpaid Reimbursement Obligation has  been or is to be made  pursuant
    to  Section 3.5(a),  promptly and unconditionally  pay to the  Agent for the
    account of such Issuing Bank such Lender's Percentage of the amount of  such
    payment  which has not been reimbursed (whether directly or through a deemed
    Alternate Base Rate Advance), and the  Agent shall promptly pay such  amount
    to  the Issuing  Bank. The failure  of any  Lender to make  available to the
    Agent for the account of any Issuing Bank its Percentage of the unreimbursed
    amount of  any  such payment  shall  not relieve  any  other Lender  of  its
    obligation  hereunder to make available to the Agent for the account of such
    Issuing Bank its Percentage of the unreimbursed amount of any payment on the
    date such payment is to be made, but no Lender shall be responsible for  the
    failure of any other Lender to make available to the Agent its Percentage of
    the  unreimbursed amount of  any payment on  the date such  payment is to be
    made.

        (c) Whenever  an  Issuing  Bank  receives a  payment  on  account  of  a
    Reimbursement  Obligation, including any interest thereon, it shall promptly
    pay to the Agent and the Agent  shall promptly pay to each Lender which  has
    funded  its participating interest therein,  in immediately available funds,
    an amount equal to such Lender's Percentage thereof.

        (d) Upon the request of the Agent  or any Lender, an Issuing Bank  shall
    furnish  to such Agent or Lender copies  of any Facility Letter of Credit to
    which that  Issuing  Bank is  party  and  such other  documentation  as  may
    reasonably be requested by the Agent or Lender.

        (e)  The obligations of a  Lender to make payments  to the Agent for the
    account of each  Issuing Bank with  respect to a  Facility Letter of  Credit
    shall  be  absolute,  unconditional  and  irrevocable,  not  subject  to any
    counterclaim, set-off, qualification  or exception whatsoever  and shall  be
    made in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement under all
    circumstances.

    3.7.  PAYMENT OF REIMBURSEMENT OBLIGATIONS.

        (a)  The applicable Borrowing Entity agrees  to pay to each Issuing Bank
    the amount  of all  of  its Reimbursement  Obligations, interest  and  other
    amounts  payable  to  such Issuing  Bank  under  or in  connection  with any
    Facility Letter of Credit of which it is the account party immediately  when
    due,  irrespective of any  claim, set-off, defense or  other right which the
    Borrower or any Subsidiary may have at any time against any Issuing Bank  or
    any  other Person, under all circumstances, including without limitation any
    of the following circumstances:

        (i) any lack of validity or enforceability  of this Agreement or any  of
            the other Loan Documents;

        (ii) the  existence of any  claim, setoff, defense  or other right which
             the applicable Borrowing Entity, the Borrower or any Subsidiary may
             have at any time against a  beneficiary named in a Facility  Letter
             of  Credit or  any permitted transferee  of any  Facility Letter of
             Credit (or any

                                       26
<PAGE>
             Person for whom any such transferee may be acting), the Agent,  the
             Issuing   Bank,  any  Lender,  or  any  other  Person,  whether  in
             connection with this Agreement, any Facility Letter of Credit,  the
             transactions  contemplated  herein  or  any  unrelated transactions
             (including any underlying transactions between the Borrower or  any
             Subsidiary  and  the beneficiary  named in  any Facility  Letter of
             Credit);

       (iii) any draft, certificate  or any other  document presented under  the
             Facility Letter of Credit (and accepted by the Issuing Bank without
             gross  negligence  or  willful misconduct)  proving  to  be forged,
             fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement
             therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect;

        (iv) the surrender or impairment of any security for the performance  or
             observance of any of the terms of any of the Loan Documents; or

        (v) the occurrence of any Default or Unmatured Default.

        (b)  In the  event any payment  by or  for the account  of any Borrowing
    Entity or  any Subsidiary  received by  an Issuing  Bank with  respect to  a
    Facility  Letter of Credit  and distributed by  the Agent to  the Lenders on
    account  of  their  participations  is  thereafter  set  aside,  avoided  or
    recovered  from  that  Issuing  Bank in  connection  with  any receivership,
    liquidation, reorganization  or  bankruptcy proceeding,  each  Lender  which
    received  such  distribution  shall,  upon  demand  by  that  Issuing  Bank,
    contribute such  Lender's Percentage  of the  amount set  aside, avoided  or
    recovered  together with interest  at the rate  required to be  paid by that
    Issuing Bank upon the amount required to be repaid by it.

    3.8.  COMPENSATION FOR FACILITY LETTERS OF CREDIT.

        (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Agent, for the ratable account of  the
    Lenders,  based  upon  the  Lenders'  respective  Percentages,  a  fee  (the
    "Facility Letter of  Credit Fee") with  respect to each  Facility Letter  of
    Credit that is:

        (i) a  Standby Letter of  Credit, for the period  from the Issuance Date
            thereof to but including the final expiration date thereof, in a per
            annum amount equal to the product  of (A) the average daily  undrawn
            amount  of such Facility  Letter of Credit  during such period times
            (B) either (1)  with respect to  a Financial Letter  of Credit,  the
            percentage indicated in Section 2.5 as the Applicable Margin for the
            Standby  Letter of Credit  Fee (Financial) or (2)  with respect to a
            Performance Letter  of  Credit,  the  percentage  indicated  as  the
            Applicable   Margin   for   the  Standby   Letter   of   Credit  Fee
            (Performance), and

        (ii) a Commercial Letter of  Credit, in a one-time  amount equal to  the
             greater  of $150 or .25% of the face amount of such Facility Letter
             of Credit.

    The Facility Letter  of Credit  Fee relating to  any (i)  Standby Letter  of
    Credit  shall be due and payable in arrears on each Payment Date and, to the
    extent any such fees  are then due and  unpaid, on the Facility  Termination
    Date  and (ii) Commercial Letter  of Credit shall be  due and payable on the
    Issuance Date. The Agent shall promptly remit such Facility Letter of Credit
    Fees, when paid, to the other  Lenders in accordance with their  Percentages
    thereof.

        (b) Each Issuing Bank shall have the right to receive solely for its own
    account  (i) an  issuance fee  of .15%  of the  face amount  of each Standby
    Letter of Credit  issued by  such Issuing  Bank, payable  by the  applicable
    Borrowing  Entity on the Issuance  Date and (ii) such  amounts as it and the
    applicable Borrowing Entity may  agree, in writing, to  pay to such  Issuing
    Bank  with respect to issuance fees for  any Commercial Letter of Credit. In
    either case, each Issuing Bank shall  be entitled to receive its  reasonable
    out-of-pocket  costs of issuing and servicing Facility Letters of Credit. In
    addition, the Borrowing Entity  which is the account  party on any  Facility
    Letter  of Credit shall pay  to the Issuing Bank,  upon any transfer of such
    Facility Letter of Credit by the beneficiary thereof to a new beneficiary, a
    transfer commission  equal to  the greater  of $100  or .25%  of the  amount
    transferred,  provided that such transfer commission  shall not in any event
    exceed $750.

                                       27
<PAGE>
    3.9.   LETTER OF CREDIT COLLATERAL ACCOUNT.  The Borrower hereby agrees that
it will,  until the  Facility Termination  Date, maintain  a special  collateral
account (the "Letter of Credit Collateral Account") at the Agent's office at the
address  specified pursuant  to Article  XIII, in the  name of  the Borrower but
under the  sole dominion  and  control of  the Agent,  for  the benefit  of  the
Lenders,  and in  which the Borrower  shall have  no interest other  than as set
forth in Section 8.1. In addition  to the foregoing, the Borrower hereby  grants
to  the Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, a security interest in and to the
Letter of  Credit Collateral  Account and  any funds  that may  hereafter be  on
deposit in such account.

                                   ARTICLE IV
                              CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

    4.1.   INITIAL ADVANCE AND FACILITY LETTER OF CREDIT.  The Lenders shall not
be required to make the initial Advance hereunder (if Facility Letters of Credit
shall not previously  have been issued)  and (if the  initial Advance shall  not
previously  have been made) an Issuing Bank  shall not be obligated to issue any
Facility Letter of  Credit hereunder unless  the Borrower has  furnished to  the
Agent  with sufficient copies for the Lenders, the following items (and the date
upon which all such items shall  have been so furnished is hereinafter  referred
to as the "Effective Date"):

    (i) Copies  of the certificate  or articles of  incorporation, together with
        all amendments, and  a certificate  of good standing  for the  Borrower,
        both   certified  by   the  appropriate  governmental   officer  in  its
        jurisdiction of incorporation.

    (ii) Copies, certified  by  the  Secretary or  Assistant  Secretary  of  the
         Borrower,  of its  by-laws and of  its Board  of Directors' resolutions
         authorizing the execution of the Loan Documents to which it is a party.

   (iii) An incumbency  certificate,  executed  by the  Secretary  or  Assistant
         Secretary  of the Borrower, which shall  identify by name and title and
         bear the signature of the officers  of the Borrower authorized to  sign
         the  Loan Documents and to make borrowings and request Facility Letters
         of Credit on its behalf hereunder, upon which certificate the Agent and
         the Lenders shall be entitled to  rely until informed of any change  in
         writing by the Borrower.

    (iv) A  compliance certificate, signed  by the President  or chief financial
         officer of the Borrower, in  substantially the form attached hereto  as
         Exhibit "F".

    (v) A  written opinion of counsel to  the Borrower, addressed to the Lenders
        in substantially the form of Exhibit "D-1".

    (vi) Borrower Notes payable to the order of each of the Lenders.

   (vii) Written money  transfer  instructions,  in substantially  the  form  of
         Exhibit  "E" hereto, addressed to the Agent and signed by an Authorized
         Officer of  the  Borrower,  together  with  such  other  related  money
         transfer authorizations as the Agent may have reasonably requested.

  (viii) The Guaranty executed by each Guarantor.

    (ix) The insurance certificate described in Section 5.18.

    (x) Such  other documents as  any Lender or its  counsel may have reasonably
        requested.

    4.2.  EACH ADVANCE AND FACILITY LETTER OF CREDIT.  The Lenders shall not  be
required  to make any Advance  (other than an Advance  that, after giving effect
thereto and to the  application of the proceeds  thereof, does not increase  the
aggregate  amount of  the sum  of (x)  outstanding Advances  and (y) outstanding
Reimbursement  Obligations,   PROVIDED  that,   notwithstanding  the   foregoing
provisions  of this parenthetical clause, the conditions set forth below in this
Section  4.2   shall  (unless   waived   in  accordance   with  the   terms   of

                                       28
<PAGE>
this  Agreement) be  fulfilled in connection  with any  automatic Alternate Base
Rate Advance under Section 3.5) and the  Issuing Bank shall not be obligated  to
issue  any Facility Letter of Credit, unless on the applicable Borrowing Date or
Issuance Date:

    (i) There exists no Default or Unmatured Default.

    (ii) The representations and warranties contained in Article V are true  and
         correct  in all material respects as of such Borrowing Date or Issuance
         Date, as the case may be, except to the extent any such  representation
         or  warranty is stated  to relate solely  to an earlier  date, in which
         case such representation or warranty  shall remain true and correct  in
         all material respects on and as of such earlier date.

   (iii) If  such  Advance  or  Facility  Letter of  Credit  is  requested  by a
         Borrowing Subsidiary, (a)  the representations and  warranties of  such
         Borrowing  Subsidiary contained in Article V-A  are true and correct in
         all material respects as  of such Borrowing Date  or Issuance Date,  as
         the  case  may be,  except  to the  extent  any such  representation or
         warranty is stated to relate solely  to an earlier date, in which  case
         such  representation or warranty  shall remain true  and correct in all
         material respects  on  and as  of  such earlier  date  and (b)  it  has
         complied with the provisions of Section 4.3.

    (iv) All legal matters incident to the making of such Advance or issuance of
         such  Facility Letter of Credit shall  be satisfactory to the Agent and
         its counsel (in their reasonable discretion).

    Each Borrowing Notice with respect to  each such Advance and each Letter  of
Credit Request with respect to each Facility Letter of Credit shall constitute a
representation and warranty by (a) the Borrower that the conditions contained in
Sections  4.2(i) and (ii)  have been satisfied and  (b) the applicable Borrowing
Subsidiary if such Advance or Facility Letter of Credit is requested by it, that
the conditions contained in Sections 4.2(i) and (iii) have been satisfied.

    4.3.    FIRST  ADVANCE  OR  FACILITY  LETTER  OF  CREDIT  TO  NEW  BORROWING
SUBSIDIARIES.   The obligations of  the Lenders to make  Advances and an Issuing
Bank to issue Facility Letters  of Credit on the  occasion of the first  request
for  either by each Borrowing Subsidiary are  subject to the satisfaction of the
conditions set  forth in  Section  4.2 hereof  with  respect to  such  Borrowing
Subsidiary and the Borrower and the following additional conditions:

    (i) The  Agent  shall  have  received,  in  sufficient  number  of  original
        counterparts for each  Lender, an  Election to Participate  dated on  or
        before  the  date of  such first  Advance or  Facility Letter  of Credit
        issuance (as  the  case  may  be) and  duly  executed  by  the  relevant
        Borrowing Subsidiary and the Borrower.

    (ii) On  or before  the date  of such  first Advance  or Facility  Letter of
         Credit issuance (as the case may be), the relevant Borrowing Subsidiary
         shall deliver to the Agent (a)  its Borrowing Subsidiary Notes, all  of
         which  shall be duly executed by such Borrowing Subsidiary and dated on
         or before the date of such Advance, (b) the corporate documentation and
         certificates identified in Sections  4.1(i)-(iii) with respect to  such
         Borrowing  Subsidiary  and  (c)  a  written  opinion  addressed  to the
         Lenders, dated the date  of such Advance or  Facility Letter of  Credit
         issuance  (as the case may be), of counsel to such Borrowing Subsidiary
         acceptable to the Agent, such opinion to be, in the case of a  Domestic
         Borrowing Subsidiary, in substantially the form of Exhibit "D-2" hereto
         (or  as otherwise approved by the Agent),  and in the case of a Foreign
         Borrowing Subsidiary, in form and substance acceptable to the Agent.

   (iii) All legal details and proceedings  in connection with the  transactions
         contemplated  by this Agreement with  respect to the relevant Borrowing
         Subsidiary shall be  satisfactory to the  Lenders (in their  reasonable
         discretion),  and the  Agent shall  have received  all such counterpart
         originals  or  certified  or  other   copies  of  such  documents   and
         proceedings in connection with such transactions, in form and substance
         satisfactory to the Agent, as the Agent may reasonably request.

                                       29
<PAGE>
                                   ARTICLE V
                   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BORROWER

    The Borrower represents and warrants to the Lenders that:

    5.1.    CORPORATE EXISTENCE  AND STANDING.    Each of  the Borrower  and its
Subsidiaries is a  corporation duly incorporated,  validly existing and  (except
for  Webco Tank Incorporated, which  will be reinstated in  good standing in the
State of Oklahoma within twenty Business Days of the date of this Agreement)  in
good  standing under the laws  of its jurisdiction of  incorporation and has all
requisite authority to  conduct its business  as a foreign  corporation in  each
jurisdiction  in which  its business is  conducted, except where  the failure to
have such requisite authority would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

    5.2.  AUTHORIZATION AND VALIDITY.  The Borrower has the corporate power  and
authority  and legal right to execute and deliver the Loan Documents to which it
is a party and to perform its obligations thereunder. The execution and delivery
by the  Borrower  of  the Loan  Documents  and  the performance  by  it  of  its
obligations   thereunder  have   been  duly   authorized  by   proper  corporate
proceedings,  and  the  Loan  Documents  constitute  legal,  valid  and  binding
obligations  of the Borrower enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with
their respective terms, except as  enforceability may be limited by  bankruptcy,
insolvency  or  similar  laws  affecting the  enforcement  of  creditors' rights
generally.

    5.3.  NO CONFLICT; GOVERNMENT CONSENT.   Neither the execution and  delivery
by  the  Borrower  of  the Loan  Documents  to  which  it is  a  party,  nor the
consummation by  the Borrower  of the  transactions therein  contemplated to  be
consummated  by it, nor compliance by  the Borrower with the provisions thereof,
will violate  any  law, rule,  regulation,  order, writ,  judgment,  injunction,
decree  or  award binding  on the  Borrower or  any of  its Subsidiaries  or the
Borrower's or any Subsidiary's certificate  or articles of incorporation or  by-
laws  or the provisions of  any indenture, instrument or  agreement to which the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or is subject, or by which it, or
its Property, is bound, or conflict with or constitute a default thereunder,  or
result  in the creation or imposition  of any Lien in, of  or on the Property of
the Borrower  or a  Subsidiary pursuant  to  the terms  of any  such  indenture,
instrument or agreement. No order, consent, approval, license, authorization, or
validation  of, or filing, recording or  registration with, or exemption by, any
Governmental Agency, is required to authorize, or is required in connection with
the execution, delivery  and performance by  the Borrower of,  or the  legality,
validity,  binding effect or enforceability against  the Borrower of, any of the
Loan Documents, provided that the  Borrower is required to  file a copy of  this
Agreement  and  other Loan  Documents  and to  otherwise  list or  describe this
Agreement and other  Loan Documents as  part of its  periodic filings under  the
Exchange  Act (although the failure to so  file, list or describe this Agreement
or any other  Loan Documents would  not affect the  legality, validity,  binding
effect or enforceability of any of the Loan Documents against the Borrower).

    5.4.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.   The consolidated  financial statements of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of and  for the periods ended January 31,  1993
and  July  31,  1993  heretofore  delivered  to  the  Lenders  were  prepared in
accordance with generally accepted accounting  principles in effect on the  date
such  statements  were prepared  and fairly  present the  consolidated financial
condition of the Borrower and its  Subsidiaries at the respective dates  thereof
and the consolidated results of their operations for the periods then ended.

    5.5.   MATERIAL  ADVERSE CHANGE.   Since  July 31,  1993, there  has been no
change in the business, Property, prospects, condition (financial or  otherwise)
or results of operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole,
which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

    5.6.  TAXES.  The Borrower and its Subsidiaries have filed all United States
federal  tax returns and all other material tax returns which are required to be
filed by them and have paid all  taxes due pursuant to said returns or  pursuant
to  any assessment received by  the Borrower or any  of its Subsidiaries, except
such taxes,  if any,  as are  being  contested in  good faith  and as  to  which
adequate  reserves have  been provided.  As of the  date of  this Agreement, the
United States income tax returns of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries have  been
audited  by the  Internal Revenue  Service, or the  time for  audit has expired,
through the fiscal year ended

                                       30
<PAGE>
January 31, 1990. No tax liens have been filed and no claims are being  asserted
with  respect to any such taxes. The charges, accruals and reserves on the books
of the  Borrower  and  its  Subsidiaries  in  respect  of  any  taxes  or  other
governmental charges are adequate.

    5.7.    LITIGATION  AND CONTINGENT  OBLIGATIONS.    Except as  set  forth on
Schedule  "3"  hereto,  there   is  no  litigation,  arbitration,   governmental
investigation,  proceeding or  inquiry pending  or, to  the knowledge  of any of
their respective officers, threatened against  or affecting the Borrower or  any
of  its  Subsidiaries which  could  reasonably be  expected  to have  a Material
Adverse  Effect.  Other  than  any   liability  incident  to  such   litigation,
arbitration or proceedings, as of the date of this Agreement the Borrower has no
material  contingent obligations not provided for  or disclosed in the financial
statements referred to in Section 5.4.

    5.8.  SUBSIDIARIES.  Schedule "4" hereto (as the same may have been  revised
in  accordance  with Section  6.16)  contains an  accurate  list of  all  of the
presently existing Subsidiaries of the Borrower, setting forth their  respective
jurisdictions  of incorporation and  the percentage of  their respective capital
stock owned  by  the Borrower  or  other Subsidiaries.  All  of the  issued  and
outstanding  shares  of  capital  stock  of  such  Subsidiaries  have  been duly
authorized and issued and are fully paid and non-assessable.

    5.9.  ERISA.   As  of December  31, 1992,  the Unfunded  Liabilities of  all
Single  Employer Plans do not in the aggregate exceed $1,000,000. As of December
31, 1992, neither the Borrower nor any other member of the Controlled Group  has
incurred  any withdrawal liability to  Multiemployer Plans. Each Single Employer
Plan complies in all material respects  with all applicable requirements of  law
and  regulations and, as of the date  of this Agreement, no Reportable Event has
occurred with  respect to  any Single  Employer Plan.  As of  the date  of  this
Agreement, neither the Borrower nor any other member of the Controlled Group has
withdrawn  from any  Plan or initiated  steps to do  so, and no  steps have been
taken to reorganize or  terminate any Plan.  As of the  date of this  Agreement,
neither  the Borrower  nor any  other member  of the  Controlled Group  has been
notified by the sponsor of a Multiemployer Plan that such Multiemployer Plan  is
in  reorganization or  is being  terminated, within the  meaning of  Title IV of
ERISA.

    5.10.  ACCURACY OF INFORMATION.  No information, exhibit or report furnished
by the Borrower  or any of  its Subsidiaries to  the Agent or  to any Lender  in
connection  with  the negotiation  of, or  compliance  with, the  Loan Documents
contained any misstatement  of a material  fact or omitted  to state a  material
fact  or  any  fact  necessary  to make  the  statements  contained  therein not
materially misleading.

    5.11.  REGULATION U.  Margin stock (as defined in Regulation U)  constitutes
less  than 25% of  those assets of  the Borrower and  its Subsidiaries which are
subject to any limitation on sale, pledge, or other restriction hereunder.

    5.12.  MATERIAL AGREEMENTS.  As of  the date of this Agreement, neither  the
Borrower nor any Subsidiary is a party to any agreement or instrument or subject
to any charter or other corporate restriction which could reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect. As of the date of this Agreement, neither the
Borrower  nor any  Subsidiary is  in default  in the  performance, observance or
fulfillment of any of the obligations, covenants or conditions contained in  (i)
any agreement to which it is a party, which default could reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) any agreement or instrument evidencing
or governing Indebtedness.

    5.13.    COMPLIANCE  WITH LAWS.    The  Borrower and  its  Subsidiaries have
complied  in  all  material  respects  with  all  applicable  statutes,   rules,
regulations,  orders and restrictions  of any domestic  or foreign government or
Government Agency  thereof,  having  jurisdiction  over  the  conduct  of  their
respective businesses or the ownership of their respective Property. Neither the
Borrower  nor any  Subsidiary has  received any  notice to  the effect  that its
operations are  not in  material  compliance with  any  of the  requirements  of
applicable  federal, state and  local environmental, health  and safety statutes
and regulations or the subject of any federal or state investigation  evaluating
whether  any remedial action is  needed to respond to a  release of any toxic or
hazardous waste  or  substance into  the  environment, which  non-compliance  or
remedial action could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

                                       31
<PAGE>
    5.14.  OWNERSHIP OF PROPERTIES.  Except as set forth on Schedule "5" hereto,
on  the date of this Agreement, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries will have good
title, free of all Liens other than  those permitted by Section 6.17, to all  of
the Property and assets reflected in the financial statements as owned by it.

    5.15.   INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT.  Neither  the Borrower nor any Subsidiary is
an "investment company" or  a company "controlled"  by an "investment  company",
within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

    5.16.   PUBLIC UTILITY  HOLDING COMPANY ACT.   Neither the  Borrower nor any
Subsidiary is  a "holding  company"  or a  "subsidiary  company" of  a  "holding
company",  or an "affiliate" of a "holding company" or of a "subsidiary company"
of a "holding company", within the meaning of the Public Utility Holding Company
Act of 1935, as amended.

    5.17.    SUBORDINATED  INDEBTEDNESS.    The  Obligations  constitute  senior
indebtedness  which is entitled to the  benefits of the subordination provisions
of all outstanding Subordinated Debt.

    5.18.   INSURANCE.    The  certificate signed  by  the  President  or  Chief
Financial  Officer of the  Borrower, that attests to  the existence and adequacy
of, and summarizes, the property and  casualty insurance program carried by  the
Borrower  and  that has  been furnished  by the  Borrower to  the Agent  and the
Lenders, is complete and  accurate in all  material respects as  of the date  of
this Agreement. This summary includes the insurer's or insurers' name(s), policy
number(s),  expiration  date(s),  amount(s) of  coverage,  type(s)  of coverage,
exclusion(s), and deductibles. This  summary also includes similar  information,
and  describes any reserves,  relating to any self-insurance  program that is in
effect.

    5.19.  SOLVENCY.   Immediately following  the making of  each Loan, if  any,
made on the (i) Effective Date and after giving effect to the application of the
proceeds  of such Loans,  and (ii) date  of any Permitted  Acquisition and after
giving effect to the application of the proceeds of such Loans,

        (a) the fair value of the assets of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries on
    a consolidated  basis,  at a  fair  valuation,  will exceed  the  debts  and
    liabilities,  subordinated, contingent or otherwise, of the Borrower and the
    Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis;

        (b) the then present fair saleable  value of the property and assets  of
    the  Borrower and the  Subsidiaries on a consolidated  basis will be greater
    than the amount that will be required  to pay the probable liability of  the
    Borrower  and the  Subsidiaries on a  consolidated basis on  their debts and
    other liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts  and
    other liabilities become absolute and matured;

        (c)  the Borrower and  the Subsidiaries on a  consolidated basis will be
    able to  pay  their  debts  and  liabilities,  subordinated,  contingent  or
    otherwise, as such debts and liabilities become absolute and matured; and

        (d)  the Borrower and the Subsidiaries  on a consolidated basis will not
    have unreasonably  small capital  with which  to conduct  the businesses  in
    which  they are  engaged as  such businesses are  now conducted  and are now
    proposed to be conducted.

The Borrower does not intend to, or to permit any of its Subsidiaries to,  incur
debts  beyond its ability to pay such  debts as they mature, taking into account
the timing of and amounts  of cash to be received  by it or any such  Subsidiary
and  the timing of  the amounts of  cash to be  payable on or  in respect of its
Indebtedness or the Indebtedness of any such Subsidiary.

    5.20.  BENEFITS.   Each of  the Borrower and  its Subsidiaries will  benefit
from  the financing arrangement established by this Agreement. The Agent and the
Lenders have stated and the Borrower acknowledges that, but for the agreement by
each of the Guarantors to  execute and deliver the  Guaranty, the Agent and  the
Lenders  would not have made available  the credit facilities established hereby
on the terms set forth herein.

                                       32
<PAGE>
                                  ARTICLE V-A
            REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BORROWING SUBSIDIARIES

    Each Foreign Borrowing Subsidiary represents and warrants to the Lenders  as
provided  in this Article V-A, and each Domestic Borrowing Subsidiary represents
and warrants to the Lenders as provided in Sections 5A.1, 5A.2, 5A.3, 5A.6, 5A.7
and 5A.8 of this Article V-A that:

    5A.1.  CORPORATE  EXISTENCE AND STANDING.   Such Borrowing  Subsidiary is  a
corporation  duly incorporated, validly existing and  in good standing under the
laws of its  jurisdiction of incorporation  and has all  requisite authority  to
conduct  its business  in each jurisdiction  in which its  business is conducted
except where  the failure  to have  such requisite  authority would  not have  a
Material Adverse Effect.

    5A.2.    AUTHORIZATION  AND VALIDITY.    Such Borrowing  Subsidiary  has the
corporate power and authority  and legal right to  execute and deliver the  Loan
Documents  to which it is a party and to perform its obligations thereunder. The
execution and delivery  by such Borrowing  Subsidiary of the  Loan Documents  to
which it is a party and the performance by it of its obligations thereunder have
been  duly authorized by  proper corporate proceedings,  and such Loan Documents
constitute legal, valid  and binding  obligations of  such Borrowing  Subsidiary
enforceable   against  such  Borrowing  Subsidiary   in  accordance  with  their
respective terms,  except  as  enforceability  may  be  limited  by  bankruptcy,
insolvency  or  similar  laws  affecting the  enforcement  of  creditors' rights
generally.

    5A.3.  NO CONFLICT; GOVERNMENT CONSENT.  Neither the execution and  delivery
by  such Borrowing Subsidiary of the Loan Documents  to which it is a party, nor
the  consummation  by  it  of  the  transactions  therein  contemplated  to   be
consummated  by  it,  nor  compliance  by  such  Borrowing  Subsidiary  with the
provisions  thereof  will  violate  any  law,  rule,  regulation,  order,  writ,
judgment,  injunction, decree or  award binding on  such Borrowing Subsidiary or
any  of  its  Subsidiaries  or  such  Borrowing  Subsidiary's  or  any  of   its
Subsidiary's  certificate or  articles of  incorporation or  by-laws (or similar
documents) or the provisions of any indenture, instrument or agreement to  which
such  Borrowing Subsidiary or any of its  Subsidiaries is a party or is subject,
or by which  it, or its  Property, is bound,  or conflict with  or constitute  a
default  thereunder, or result in the creation  or imposition of any Lien in, of
or on  the Property  of such  Borrowing Subsidiary  or any  of its  Subsidiaries
pursuant  to the terms of any such indenture, instrument or agreement. No order,
consent,  approval,  license,  authorization,  or  validation  of,  or   filing,
recording  or registration  with, or  exemption by,  any Governmental  Agency is
required to authorize, or is required in connection with the execution, delivery
and performance of, or the legality, validity, binding effect or  enforceability
of, any of the Loan Documents.

    5A.4.  FILING.  To ensure the enforceability or admissibility in evidence of
this  Agreement and  the Borrowing  Subsidiary Notes  of such  Foreign Borrowing
Subsidiary in such  Foreign Borrowing  Subsidiary's country  of organization  or
incorporation  and country  which is  its principal  place of  business (each, a
"Subject Country"), it  is not necessary  that this Agreement  or the  Borrowing
Subsidiary  Notes of such Foreign Borrowing  Subsidiary or any other document be
filed or recorded with any  court or other authority  in any Subject Country  or
that  any stamp or similar tax be paid to or in respect of this Agreement or the
Borrowing  Subsidiary   Notes  of   such  Foreign   Borrowing  Subsidiary.   The
qualification  by any Lender or the Agent for admission to do business under the
laws of any Subject Country does not constitute a condition to, and the  failure
to  so qualify does not affect,  the exercise by any Lender  or the Agent of any
right, privilege, or remedy  afforded to any Lender  or the Agent in  connection
with the Loan Documents to which such Foreign Borrowing Subsidiary is a party or
the  enforcement of  any such right,  privilege, or remedy  against such Foreign
Borrowing Subsidiary. The performance by any  Lender or the Agent of any  action
required  or permitted under the Loan Documents  will not (i) violate any law or
regulation of any  Subject Country  or any political  subdivision thereof,  (ii)
result in any tax or other monetary liability to such party pursuant to the laws
of any such Subject Country or political subdivision or taxing authority thereof
(PROVIDED  that, should any such action result in any such tax or other monetary
liability to the Lender  or the Agent, the  Borrower hereby agrees to  indemnify
such  Lender or the Agent, as the case may be, against (x) any such tax or other
monetary liability which  is not  an Excluded  Tax and  (y) any  increase in  an
Excluded  Tax which results from such action by such Lender or the Agent and, to
the extent the Borrower makes such indemnification, the

                                       33
<PAGE>
incurrence of such liability by  the Agent or any  Lender will not constitute  a
Default)  or  (iii)  violate  any  rule  or  regulation  of  any  federation  or
organization or similar entity of which such Subject Country is a member.

    5A.5.  NO IMMUNITY.   Neither such Foreign  Borrowing Subsidiary nor any  of
its  assets is  entitled to immunity  from suit, execution,  attachment or other
legal process. Such Foreign Borrowing Subsidiary's execution and delivery of the
Loan Documents to which it is a party constitute, and the exercise of its rights
and performance of and compliance with its obligations under such Loan Documents
will constitute, private and commercial acts done and performed for private  and
commercial purposes.

    5A.6.   INVESTMENT COMPANY  ACT.  Neither such  Borrowing Subsidiary nor any
Subsidiary thereof is an  "investment company" or a  company "controlled" by  an
"investment  company", within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940,
as amended.

    5A.7.    PUBLIC  UTILITY  HOLDING  COMPANY  ACT.    Neither  such  Borrowing
Subsidiary  nor any Subsidiary  thereof is a "holding  company" or a "subsidiary
company" of a "holding company", or an "affiliate" of a "holding company" or  of
a  "subsidiary company" of a "holding company", within the meaning of the Public
Utility Holding Company Act of 1935, as amended.

    5A.8.  REGULATION U.  Margin stock (as defined in Regulation U)  constitutes
less  than 25% of those assets of such Borrowing Subsidiary and its Subsidiaries
which are  subject to  any  limitation on  sale,  pledge, or  other  restriction
hereunder.

                                   ARTICLE VI
                                   COVENANTS

    During  the  term  of  this Agreement,  unless  the  Required  Lenders shall
otherwise consent in writing, the Borrower hereby agrees that:

    6.1.  FINANCIAL REPORTING.  The Borrower will maintain, for itself and  each
Subsidiary,  a  system  of  accounting established  and  administered  such that
consolidated financial statements  therefor can be  prepared in accordance  with
generally accepted accounting principles, and furnish to the Lenders:

    (i) Within  91  days  after  the  close of  each  of  its  fiscal  years, an
        unqualified audit  report certified  by a  "Big 6"  firm of  independent
        certified  public accountants or other accountants reasonably acceptable
        to  the  Lenders,  prepared   in  accordance  with  generally   accepted
        accounting  principles  on  a  consolidated  and  (for  itself  and  the
        Subsidiaries) consolidating basis (consolidating statements need not  be
        certified  by such accountants), including balance  sheets as of the end
        of such period,  related profit  and loss and  changes in  shareholders'
        equity  statements,  and a  statement of  cash  flows, accompanied  by a
        certificate of said accountants that, in the course of their examination
        necessary for their certification of  the foregoing, they have  obtained
        no  knowledge of any Default or Unmatured Default, or if, in the opinion
        of such  accountants,  any Default  or  Unmatured Default  shall  exist,
        stating the nature and status thereof.

    (ii) Within  60 days after the close of the first three quarterly periods of
         each of its fiscal  years, condensed consolidated  and (for itself  and
         the  Subsidiaries)  consolidating unaudited  balance  sheets as  at the
         close of each such  period and condensed  consolidated and (for  itself
         and  the  Subsidiaries)  consolidating unaudited  profit  and  loss and
         changes in  shareholders' equity  statements and  a statement  of  cash
         flows  for the period from the beginning of such fiscal year to the end
         of such  quarter, all  certified by  its President  or chief  financial
         officer.

   (iii) Together with the financial statements required hereunder, a compliance
         certificate  in substantially the form of  Exhibit "F" hereto signed by
         its President  or  chief  financial officer  showing  the  calculations
         necessary to determine compliance with Sections 6.11, 6.13, 6.18, 6.19,
         6.22  and  6.23  of  this  Agreement and  stating  that  no  Default or
         Unmatured Default  exists,  or  if any  Default  or  Unmatured  Default
         exists, stating the nature and status thereof.

                                       34
<PAGE>
    (iv) If  the Borrower's  Status is  then Level  I Status,  promptly (a) upon
         receipt thereof,  any  Rating  Letter or  correspondence  modifying  or
         affecting  any Rating Letter (including an annual update confirming any
         rating received for another year)  and (b) upon the happening  thereof,
         notice  of any act taken  or omitted to be  taken by the Borrower which
         will have a direct effect on  any rating stated in any existing  Rating
         Letter.

    (v) Within  270 days after the close of each fiscal year, a statement of the
        Unfunded Liabilities of each Single Employer Plan, certified as  correct
        by an actuary enrolled under ERISA.

    (vi) As  soon as possible and in any event within 20 days after the Borrower
         knows that any Reportable Event has occurred with respect to any  Plan,
         a  statement, signed  by the chief  financial officer  of the Borrower,
         describing said  Reportable Event  and the  action which  the  Borrower
         proposes to take with respect thereto.

   (vii) As  soon as possible and  in any event within  20 days after receipt by
         the Borrower, a copy of (a) any  written notice or claim to the  effect
         that the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is or may be liable to any
         Person  as  a  result  of  the release  by  the  Borrower,  any  of its
         Subsidiaries, or any other  Person of any toxic  or hazardous waste  or
         substance into the environment, and (b) any written notice alleging any
         violation  of  any federal,  state  or local  environmental,  health or
         safety law or regulation  by the Borrower or  any of its  Subsidiaries,
         which,  in either case, could reasonably be expected to have a Material
         Adverse Effect.

  (viii) Promptly upon  the  furnishing  thereof  to  the  stockholders  of  the
         Borrower,  copies  of  all  financial  statements,  reports  and  proxy
         statements so furnished.

    (ix) Promptly upon the filing thereof, copies of all definitive registration
         statements and annual,  quarterly or  other regular  reports which  the
         Borrower  or  any of  its Subsidiaries  files  with the  Securities and
         Exchange Commission.

    (x) As soon  as  available,  but in  any  event  within 90  days  after  the
        beginning  of each fiscal year  of the Borrower, a  copy of the plan and
        forecast (including  a  projected  consolidated  balance  sheet,  income
        statement  and funds  flow statement)  of the  Borrower for  such fiscal
        year.

    (xi) Such other  information (including  non-financial information)  as  the
         Agent or any Lender may from time to time reasonably request including,
         without  limitation, a  copy of any  management letter  prepared by the
         Borrower's  certified  public  accountants  in  connection  with  their
         examination of the Borrower's annual audited financial statements.

    6.2.   USE OF PROCEEDS.   The Borrower will,  and will cause each Subsidiary
to, use the  Facility Letters of  Credit and  the proceeds of  the Advances  for
general corporate purposes (including Investments, Acquisitions and Indebtedness
refinancings  permitted  hereunder),  and  to  repay  outstanding  Advances  and
Reimbursement Obligations.  The  Borrower  will  not, nor  will  it  permit  any
Subsidiary  to, use any of the Facility Letters of Credit or the proceeds of the
Advances to purchase or  carry any "margin stock"  (as defined in Regulation  U)
except in compliance with Regulation X.

    6.3.  NOTICE OF DEFAULT.  The Borrower will give prompt notice in writing to
the  Lenders of the  occurrence of any  Default or Unmatured  Default and of any
other development, financial or otherwise, which could reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect.

    6.4.   CONDUCT  OF  BUSINESS.    The Borrower  will,  and  will  cause  each
Subsidiary  to, (i) carry on and conduct  its business in substantially the same
manner and in  substantially the same  fields of enterprise  as it is  presently
conducted  (it  being  understood  that  its  fields  of  enterprise  means  the
manufacturing of industrial products) and (other than sales of Subsidiaries  and
mergers  of the Borrower  or any Subsidiary which  are otherwise permitted under
this Agreement) do  all things  necessary to remain  duly incorporated,  validly
existing  and in good standing as a  domestic corporation in its jurisdiction of
incorporation and maintain (where material)  all requisite authority to  conduct
its business in each jurisdiction in which its business is conducted.

                                       35
<PAGE>
    6.5.  TAXES.  The Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, pay when
due  all taxes, assessments and  governmental charges and levies  upon it or its
income, profits or  Property, except  those which  are being  contested in  good
faith  by appropriate  proceedings and with  respect to  which adequate reserves
have been set aside.

    6.6.  INSURANCE.   The  Borrower will, and  will cause  each Subsidiary  to,
maintain  with financially sound and  reputable insurance companies insurance on
all their material, insurable Property in  such amounts and covering such  risks
as  is consistent with sound business practice, and the Borrower will furnish to
any Lender upon request full information as to the insurance carried.

    6.7.   COMPLIANCE  WITH  LAWS.   The  Borrower  will, and  will  cause  each
Subsidiary   to,  comply  in  all  material   respects  with  all  laws,  rules,
regulations, orders, writs, judgments, injunctions,  decrees or awards to  which
it  may be  subject and  obtain and maintain  in effect  all consents, licenses,
permits, orders or other  governmental approvals necessary  in order to  perform
its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party.

    6.8.   MAINTENANCE OF  PROPERTIES.  The  Borrower will, and  will cause each
Subsidiary to, do all things reasonably necessary to maintain, preserve, protect
and keep  its  used  and useful  Property  in  good repair,  working  order  and
condition  (ordinary wear and tear excepted),  and make all reasonably necessary
and proper repairs, renewals and replacements so that its business carried on in
connection therewith may be properly conducted at all times.

    6.9.  INSPECTION.   The Borrower  will, and will  cause each Subsidiary  to,
permit  the Lenders, by their respective  representatives and agents, to inspect
any of the Property, corporate books  and financial records of the Borrower  and
each  Subsidiary, to examine and make copies  of the books of accounts and other
financial records  of the  Borrower  and each  Subsidiary,  and to  discuss  the
affairs,  finances and accounts of the Borrower and each Subsidiary with, and to
be advised as to the same by, their respective officers at such reasonable times
and intervals  as  the Lenders  may  designate  upon reasonable  notice  to  the
Borrower.  Any information, copies or records obtained  by the Lenders or any of
their  respective  representatives  or  agents  under  this  Agreement  that  is
proprietary  or confidential in nature will be maintained in accordance with the
terms of Section 9.18.

    6.10.  DIVIDENDS.  The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any  Subsidiary
to,  declare or  pay any  dividends on its  capital stock  (other than dividends
payable in its own capital stock) or redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire  or
retire  for value any of its then outstanding capital stock at any time at which
a Default or Unmatured Default exists or would exist after giving effect to such
dividend, redemption, repurchase, acquisition or retirement; PROVIDED,  HOWEVER,
that  any Subsidiary may at  any time declare and  pay dividends to, and redeem,
repurchase or otherwise acquire or retire  for value its capital stock held  by,
the Borrower or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary.

    6.11.    INDEBTEDNESS.   The  Borrower  will  not, nor  will  it  permit any
Subsidiary to, create, incur or suffer to exist any Indebtedness, except:

    (i) The Obligations.

    (ii) Indebtedness existing on the date hereof and described in Schedule  "5"
         hereto.

   (iii) Financial Guaranties.

    (iv) The Guaranty.

    (v) Contingent  Obligations (a) arising from endorsements of instruments for
        deposit or collection in the ordinary course of business, (b) in respect
        of Indebtedness of the types described in clauses (i) through (v) of the
        definition thereof which Indebtedness  is otherwise permitted  hereunder
        (including, without limitation, under clause (vii) of this Section 6.11)
        and  (c) with respect to Letters of Credit coming within clauses (i) and
        (ii) of the definition of "LC Contingent Reimbursement Value".

                                       36
<PAGE>
    (vi) Indebtedness  of the Borrower  to any Subsidiary,  of any Subsidiary to
         the Borrower or of  any Subsidiary to  any other Subsidiary,  provided,
         however, that only the Borrower may lend to Foreign Subsidiaries.

   (vii) Additional Indebtedness not to exceed $35,000,000 in the aggregate.

    6.12.  MERGER.  The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to,
merge or consolidate with or into any other Person, except (i) that a Subsidiary
may merge with and into the Borrower or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, (ii) pursuant
to  a Permitted Acquisition and  (iii) in the case of  a Subsidiary, in order to
effect a sale or other disposition of assets permitted under Section 6.13.

    6.13.  SALE OF ASSETS.   (a) The Borrower will  not, nor will it permit  any
Subsidiary  to, lease, sell or  otherwise dispose of its  Property, to any other
Person except for  (i) leases,  sales and other  dispositions (as  used in  this
Section  6.13,  each a  "disposition") of  inventory in  the ordinary  course of
business and (ii) dispositions (in each case so long as no Default or  Unmatured
Default exists or would exist after giving effect thereto) of:

    (x) Property  which comprises substantially  all of the  assets of an entire
        business entity, product line  or manufacturing facility, PROVIDED  that
        the  value of all Property  so disposed of pursuant  to this clause (x),
        based upon the Borrower's  financial statements most recently  delivered
        prior  to any  such disposition,  does not  exceed $61,988,000, PROVIDED
        FURTHER that this clause (x) may only be relied upon if the Borrower has
        demonstrated to the Lenders that no Default would have existed under the
        Operating Cash Flow to Senior Debt covenant contained in Section  6.22.3
        (as  of the most recently ended  fiscal quarter for which the Borrower's
        financial statements  have  been  delivered pursuant  to  Section  6.1),
        calculated by assuming that the contemplated disposition had taken place
        at  the beginning of the twelve (12) month calculation period related to
        such covenant;

    (y) any Property other than  the type covered by  clause (x), PROVIDED  that
        the  value of all Property  so disposed of pursuant  to this clause (y),
        based upon the Borrower's  financial statements most recently  delivered
        prior  to  any such  disposition,  does not  exceed  the greater  of (I)
        $15,497,000 or (II)  10% of the  Borrower's Net Assets  as reflected  on
        those audited financial statements of the Borrower delivered pursuant to
        Section  6.1(i)  showing the  highest level  of Net  Assets of  any such
        financial statements delivered pursuant to such Section during the  term
        of this Agreement; and

    (z) any  Property, PROVIDED that, effective on the date of such disposition,
        the Borrower permanently reduces the  Aggregate Commitment by an  amount
        at  least equal to the value of the proceeds (net of reasonable expenses
        of disposition)  of  such  disposition (and,  in  connection  with  such
        reduction  of  the Aggregate  Commitment, prepays  any Advances  or cash
        collateralizes any Facility Letters of  Credit as necessary to keep  the
        aggregate  principal amount of outstanding  Advances and Facility Letter
        of Credit  Obligations from  exceeding  the Aggregate  Commitment  after
        giving effect to such reduction).

    (b) The Agent and Lenders hereby acknowledge and agree that (i) the Property
that  may be sold or  otherwise disposed of under  the foregoing Section 6.13(a)
includes shares of capital stock of a Subsidiary, and (ii) in the event of  such
a  sale or other  disposition of capital  stock of a  Subsidiary permitted under
Section 6.13(a) that results  in such Person no  longer being a Subsidiary  they
shall  take  such actions  as may  be  reasonably requested  by the  Borrower to
thereupon release and discharge such former Subsidiary from all liabilities  and
obligations under any Loan Document to which it may then be a party.

    6.14.   SALE  OF ACCOUNTS.   The Borrower will  not, nor will  it permit any
Subsidiary to, sell  or otherwise dispose  of any notes  receivable or  accounts
receivable,  with  or without  recourse,  except (i)  as  part of  a transaction
permitted under  Sections 6.12  or 6.13,  or (ii)  in any  other transaction  or
series  of transactions  provided that  the aggregate  amount of  such notes and
accounts receivable sold pursuant to this clause (ii) in any fiscal year of  the
Borrower does not exceed $2,000,000.

    6.15.   SALE AND LEASEBACK.   The Borrower will not,  nor will it permit any
Subsidiary to, sell or transfer any of its Property in order to concurrently  or
subsequently lease as lessee such or similar Property.

                                       37
<PAGE>
    6.16.   INVESTMENTS AND  ACQUISITIONS.  The  Borrower will not,  nor will it
permit any Subsidiary to,

        (a)  make  or  suffer  to  exist  any  Investments  (including   without
    limitation,  loans and advances to, and other Investments in, Subsidiaries),
    or commitments therefor, or to create any Subsidiary or to become or  remain
    a partner in any partnership or joint venture, except:

        (i) Marketable Securities.

        (ii) Investments in Subsidiaries and other Investments (in each case) in
             existence on the date hereof and described in Schedule "4" hereto.

       (iii) Investments  in  Subsidiaries  and  non-Subsidiary  Affiliates made
             after the  date  hereof;  PROVIDED,  HOWEVER,  that  (x)  only  the
             Borrower  may make loans or advances to Foreign Subsidiaries and to
             foreign non-Subsidiary Affiliates and (y) any loans or advances  to
             any   domestic  non-Subsidiary  Affiliates  must  be  evidenced  by
             promissory notes which are pledged to the Agent, for the benefit of
             the Lenders, pursuant  to a pledge  agreement satisfactory in  form
             and substance to the Agent.

        (iv) At  any time that (I) Loans outstanding do not exceed $5,000,000 in
             aggregate principal amount, any Investments in any debt instruments
             or  stock  of  any  Person,  and  (II),  at  any  time  that  Loans
             outstanding   exceed  $5,000,000  in  aggregate  principal  amount,
             Investments of up to (x)  $10,000,000 in debt instruments or  stock
             of  any Person with a long term debt rating of BBB or higher by S&P
             or Baa or higher  by Moody's plus (y)  an additional $5,000,000  in
             debt  instruments  or  stock  of  any  Person  permitted  under the
             foregoing clause (x) or  (1) with a long  term debt rating of  less
             than BBB by S&P and Baa by Moody's or (2) that is not rated.

        (v) Investments, consisting of the capital stock of new Subsidiaries (a)
            acquired  pursuant to a  Permitted Acquisition, (b)  created for the
            purpose of  facilitating  a  Permitted Acquisition  or  (c)  created
            pursuant  to any reorganization by  the Borrower of its consolidated
            assets not  otherwise prohibited  hereunder, PROVIDED  that (i)  the
            Borrower  will  cause  any  such  new  Domestic  Subsidiary  created
            pursuant to a reorganization described in this clause (c) to deliver
            to the  Agent, prior  to the  transfer  of any  assets to  such  new
            Domestic  Subsidiary, an executed counterpart  to become a Guarantor
            under the Guaranty, in the form of Exhibit "G" attached hereto,  and
            appropriate  corporate  resolutions authorizing  such  execution and
            delivery and  (ii)  upon  the  creation of  any  such  new  Domestic
            Subsidiary,  the  Borrower shall  deliver to  the Lenders  a revised
            Schedule "4" listing such new Subsidiary, and such revised  Schedule
            shall  replace the old  Schedule and shall be  deemed to have become
            part of the Agreement.

       (vii) Investments consisting  of  notes received  as  part of  the  sales
             proceeds  of asset sales permitted pursuant to the terms of Section
             6.13.

      (viii) Investments in other  Persons represented  by Financial  Guaranties
             and other Contingent Obligations permitted under Section 6.11.

        (ix) Investments  held  by  a Subsidiary  which  Subsidiary  is acquired
             through a  Permitted Acquisition,  provided that  such  Investments
             existed at the date of such Permitted Acquisition, were not created
             as  part of or in anticipation of such Permitted Acquisition and do
             not,  in  the  aggregate,  exceed   $5,000,000  at  any  one   time
             outstanding.

        (b)   make  any  Acquisition   of  any  Person,   except  for  Permitted
    Acquisitions. Upon the  consummation of any  Permitted Acquisition, (i)  the
    Borrower  may deliver to the Lenders a  revised Schedule "4" listing any new
    Subsidiary, if any, formed in connection  with or acquired pursuant to  such
    Permitted  Acquisition (each, a "New Subsidiary"), and such revised Schedule
    shall replace the old Schedule  and shall be deemed  to have become part  of
    the  Agreement  and (ii)  the Borrower  shall  or shall  cause any  such New
    Subsidiary that  is  not a  Foreign  Subsidiary  to deliver  to  the  Agent,
    promptly  but in any event within 15 days, an executed counterpart to become
    a Guarantor under the Guaranty, in the form of Exhibit "G" attached  hereto,
    and   appropriate  corporate  resolutions  authorizing  such  execution  and
    delivery.

                                       38
<PAGE>
    6.17.  LIENS.  The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any Subsidiary  to,
create,  incur, or suffer  to exist any  Lien in, of  or on the  Property of the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, except:

    (i) Liens for taxes, assessments  or governmental charges  or levies on  its
        Property  if the same shall not at  the time be delinquent or thereafter
        can be paid without penalty, or are being contested in good faith and by
        appropriate proceedings and  for which adequate  reserves in  accordance
        with generally accepted accounting principles shall have been set aside.

    (ii) Liens  imposed  by  law,  such as  bankers'  setoff  rights, carriers',
         warehousemen's and  mechanics' liens  and  other similar  statutory  or
         common  law  liens arising  in the  ordinary  course of  business which
         secure payment of obligations  not more than 60  days past due, or  are
         being  contested in good  faith and by  appropriate proceedings and for
         which  adequate  reserves   in  accordance   with  generally   accepted
         accounting principles shall have been set aside.

   (iii) Liens  arising  out  of  pledges,  bonds  or  deposits  under  worker's
         compensation laws, unemployment insurance,  old age pensions, or  other
         social  security  or  retirement benefits  or  similar  legislation and
         deposits  securing  obligations  for  self-insurance  arrangements   in
         connection with any of the foregoing.

    (iv) Easements,  rights  of  way, building  restrictions,  minor  defects or
         irregularities in title and such other encumbrances or charges  against
         real  property as  are of a  nature generally existing  with respect to
         properties of a similar character and which do not in any material  and
         adverse  way affect the marketability of the same or interfere with the
         use thereof in the  business of the Borrower  or the Subsidiaries,  and
         minor defects or irregularities in title to personal property as are of
         a  nature generally  existing with respect  to properties  of a similar
         character and which do not in  any material and adverse way affect  the
         marketability  of the  same or  interfere with  the use  thereof in the
         business of the Borrower or the Subsidiaries.

    (v) Liens existing on the date hereof and described in Schedule "5" hereto.

    (vi) Liens which relate  to Industrial Revenue  Bond financings existing  at
         entities acquired as a Permitted Acquisition.

   (vii) Liens  on the Property of any Foreign Subsidiary incurred in connection
         with Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.11(vii).

  (viii) Deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, government
         contracts, leases, statutory and  warranty obligations, surety,  appeal
         and  performance bonds and other obligations  of a like nature incurred
         in the ordinary course of business, PROVIDED that the aggregate  amount
         of all appeal bonds in connection with which Liens exist on Property of
         the Borrower or its Subsidiaries shall not exceed $2,000,000 at any one
         time outstanding.

    (ix) Liens arising under Capitalized Leases and other leases permitted under
         this Agreement (under which the Borrower or any Subsidiary is lessee).

    (x) Leases  and subleases granted to other Persons in the ordinary course of
        business.

    (xi) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising under law  to
         secure payments of customs duties in connection with the importation of
         goods and incurred in the ordinary course of business.

   (xii) Any attachment or judgment Liens not giving rise to a Default.

  (xiii) Liens  granted in favor of  the Agent and the  Lenders under any of the
         Loan Documents.

   (xiv) (a) Purchase money Liens incurred  in the ordinary course of  business,
         (b)  Liens securing Indebtedness of  any Subsidiary which Subsidiary is
         acquired  after  the  date  of   this  Agreement  PROVIDED  that   such
         Indebtedness is not incurred in contemplation of the acquisition by the
         Borrower  or any Subsidiary of its interest in such Subsidiary, and (c)
         Liens incurred in order to finance the purchase by the Borrower or  any
         Subsidiary of equity interests in any Subsidiary or Affiliate after the
         date of

                                       39
<PAGE>
         this  Agreement  in favor  of the  seller of  such equity  interests to
         secure the purchase price thereof,  PROVIDED that the principal  amount
         of  the obligations  secured by all  Liens permitted  under this clause
         (xiv) shall  not  in  the  aggregate  exceed  $5,000,000  at  any  time
         outstanding.

    6.18.   FIXED ASSET EXPENDITURES.  The Borrower will not, nor will it permit
any Subsidiary  to,  expend, or  be  committed to  expend,  as of  any  date  of
determination,  on  a cumulative  basis from  and after  the Effective  Date, an
amount for the acquisition of fixed assets that, when expended, will exceed  the
sum  of (i) $5,000,000 PLUS (ii)  150% of the Borrower's cumulative depreciation
expense, in the aggregate for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries.

    6.19.  RENTALS.  The  Borrower will not, nor  will it permit any  Subsidiary
to,  create,  incur or  suffer to  exist  obligations for  Rentals in  excess of
$4,000,000 during any one fiscal year on a non-cumulative basis in the aggregate
for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries.

    6.20.   AFFILIATES.    The  Borrower  will not,  and  will  not  permit  any
Subsidiary  to, enter into  any transaction (including,  without limitation, the
purchase or  sale of  any Property  or service)  with, or  make any  payment  or
transfer  to,  any  Affiliate except  for  (i) transactions  involving  only the
Borrower and/or one or more Domestic Subsidiaries or Wholly-Owned  Subsidiaries,
(ii)  transactions  which are  pursuant to  the  reasonable requirements  of the
Borrower's  or  such  Subsidiary's  business,  are  transacted  upon  fair   and
reasonable terms and have a net effect on the consolidated financial position of
the Borrower and its Subsidiaries no less favorable than if the Borrower or such
Subsidiary  had  entered into  such  transaction with  an  unrelated third-party
(rather than  with  such  Affiliate)  on market  terms  and  (iii)  compensatory
arrangements   with  officers,  directors   and  employees  (including,  without
limitation, the payment of  dividends or making of  loans to or investments  in,
such  officers,  directors and  employees) not  otherwise prohibited  under this
Agreement.

    6.21.   SUBORDINATED INDEBTEDNESS.   The  Borrower will  not, and  will  not
permit  any Subsidiary to, (i) make any amendment or modification which would in
any way  disadvantage the  Lenders to  the indenture,  note or  other  agreement
evidencing  or  governing any  Subordinated  Indebtedness, or  (ii)  directly or
indirectly voluntarily  prepay,  defease  or  in  substance  defease,  purchase,
redeem,  retire or otherwise acquire for value (except in exchange for equity of
the Borrower), any Subordinated Indebtedness (other than the Subordinated  Debt,
which  may  be  prepaid,  defeased, purchased,  redeemed,  retired  or otherwise
acquired at any time, SO LONG AS no Default or Unmatured Default exists or would
exist after giving effect thereto).

    6.22.  FINANCIAL COVENANTS.  The Borrower shall maintain, on a  consolidated
basis  with its  Subsidiaries, each of  the following  financial covenants, each
calculated in accordance with Agreement Accounting Principles:

        6.22.1.  INTEREST COVERAGE RATIO.  As of the end of each fiscal quarter,
    an Interest Coverage Ratio greater than or equal to 2.25 to 1.0.

        6.22.2.  LEVERAGE RATIO.  At  all times, a Leverage Ratio not  exceeding
    2.10 to 1.0.

        6.22.3.   OPERATING  CASH FLOW TO  SENIOR DEBT.   As of the  end of each
    fiscal quarter, a ratio of (i)  Operating Cash Flow for such fiscal  quarter
    and  the three immediately preceding fiscal  quarters to (ii) Senior Debt as
    of the end of such fiscal quarter, greater than or equal to .20 to 1.0.

        6.22.4.  NET  WORTH.   The Borrower  shall maintain,  on a  consolidated
    basis,  at all  times a  Net Worth (PLUS  any non-cash  charges and expenses
    related to the  disposition of  businesses or  entire facilities  or to  the
    revaluation  of intangibles and MINUS any  cash payments with respect to any
    non-cash charges and expenses  related to the  disposition of businesses  or
    entire  facilities previously  taken into account)  that is  greater than or
    equal to  the  sum  of (i)  $50,607,000  PLUS  (ii) 50%  of  the  Borrower's
    quarterly  Net Income, if positive, for each fiscal quarter ending after the
    Effective Date PLUS  (iii) repurchases  of Subordinated Debt  PLUS (iv)  (or
    MINUS,  as appropriate)  the amount  necessary to  eliminate the  effects of
    cumulative translation adjustments, but only  to the extent included in  Net
    Worth.

                                       40
<PAGE>
    6.23   FOREIGN ASSETS.  The aggregate net assets of all Foreign Subsidiaries
and foreign non-Subsidiary  Affiliates of  the Borrower,  as shown  on the  most
recent  balance sheet  of the  Borrower delivered  pursuant to  Section 6.1, (i)
shall not exceed $52,000,000 at any time during the term of this Agreement,  and
(ii) shall not exceed $40,000,000 at any time prior to December 6, 1994.

                                  ARTICLE VII
                                    DEFAULTS

    The occurrence of any one or more of the following events shall constitute a
Default:

     7.1.  Any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of
the  Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to the Lenders or the Agent under or in
connection with this Agreement, any Loan, any Facility Letter of Credit, or  any
certificate  or information delivered  in connection with  this Agreement or any
other Loan Document shall be materially false on the date as of which made.

     7.2.   Nonpayment of  principal of  any Note  when due,  nonpayment of  any
Reimbursement  Obligation when due or nonpayment of interest upon any Note or of
any fee or other  obligation under any  of the Loan  Documents within five  days
after the same becomes due.

     7.3.   The  breach by  the Borrower of  any of  the terms  or provisions of
Section 6.2, 6.3 or 6.10-6.23, inclusive.

     7.4.   The  breach by  any  Borrowing Entity  (other  than a  breach  which
constitutes  a Default  under Section 7.1,  7.2 or 7.3)  of any of  the terms or
provisions of this Agreement which is not remedied within ten days after written
notice from the Agent.

     7.5.   Failure of  the  Borrower or  any of  its  Subsidiaries to  pay  any
Indebtedness  in excess of $2,000,000 in the  aggregate when due; or the default
by the Borrower  or any  of its  Subsidiaries in  the performance  of any  term,
provision  or condition contained in any  agreement under which any Indebtedness
in excess of  $2,000,000 in the  aggregate was  created or is  governed, or  any
other  event shall occur or condition exist, the effect of which is to cause, or
to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness in excess of $2,000,000  in
the  aggregate to  cause, such  Indebtedness to become  due prior  to its stated
maturity; or any  Indebtedness of  the Borrower or  any of  its Subsidiaries  in
excess of $2,000,000 in the aggregate shall be declared to be due and payable or
required  to be prepaid (other  than by a regularly  scheduled payment) prior to
the stated maturity thereof;  or the Borrower or  any of its Subsidiaries  shall
become  generally unable to, or shall admit in writing its inability to, pay its
debts generally as they become due.

     7.6.  The Borrower or any of  its Subsidiaries shall (i) have an order  for
relief  entered with respect to  it under the Federal  bankruptcy laws as now or
hereafter in effect, (ii) make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, (iii)
apply for, seek,  consent to, or  acquiesce in, the  appointment of a  receiver,
custodian,  trustee,  examiner, liquidator  or similar  official  for it  or any
portion of its Property that  constitutes a Substantial Portion, (iv)  institute
any  proceeding seeking an order for relief under the Federal bankruptcy laws as
now or hereafter in effect or seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or  insolvent,
or  seeking dissolution,  winding up,  liquidation, reorganization, arrangement,
adjustment or  composition  of  it  or  its debts  under  any  law  relating  to
bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors or fail to file an
answer or other pleading denying the material allegations of any such proceeding
filed  against it, (v) take  any corporate action to  authorize or effect any of
the foregoing actions set forth in this  Section 7.6 or (vi) fail to contest  in
good faith any appointment or proceeding described in Section 7.7.

     7.7.   Without the application, approval or  consent of the Borrower or any
of its  Subsidiaries,  a  receiver, trustee,  examiner,  liquidator  or  similar
official  shall be appointed for the Borrower  or any of its Subsidiaries or any
portion of its Property that constitutes a Substantial Portion, or a  proceeding
described  in Section 7.6(iv) shall be instituted against the Borrower or any of
its Subsidiaries and such appointment continues undischarged or such  proceeding
continues undismissed or unstayed for a period of 60 consecutive days.

                                       41
<PAGE>
     7.8.   The Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall fail within 45 days of
its final entry to pay,  bond or otherwise discharge  any judgment or order  for
the  payment of money in excess of $2,000,000,  which is not stayed on appeal or
otherwise being appropriately contested in good faith.

     7.9.  The Unfunded Liabilities of all Single Employer Plans shall exceed in
the aggregate $15,000,000 or any Reportable Event shall occur in connection with
any Single  Employer  Plan  that  reasonably could  be  expected  to  result  in
liability of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to the PBGC or to such Plan
in excess of $2,000,000.

     7.10.  The Borrower or any other member  of the Controlled Group shall have
been notified  by the  sponsor of  a  Multiemployer Plan  that it  has  incurred
withdrawal  liability  to  such  Multiemployer Plan  in  an  amount  which, when
aggregated with all other amounts required to be paid to Multiemployer Plans  by
the Borrower or any other member of the Controlled Group as withdrawal liability
(determined as of the date of such notification), exceeds $2,000,000 or requires
payments exceeding $1,000,000 per annum.

     7.11.  The Borrower or any of its  Subsidiaries shall be the subject of any
proceeding or investigation pertaining to the release by the Borrower or any  of
its  Subsidiaries,  or any  other  Person of  any  toxic or  hazardous  waste or
substance into the environment, or any violation of any federal, state or  local
environmental,  health or safety law or regulation, which, in either case, could
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

     7.12. Any Change in Control shall occur.

     7.13. The occurrence  of any  "default", as  defined in  any Loan  Document
(other  than this Agreement or the  Notes) or the breach of  any of the terms or
provisions of any Loan Document (other than this Agreement or the Notes),  which
default or breach continues beyond any period of grace therein provided.

     7.14.  Any Guaranty shall fail to remain in full force or effect (except as
expressly permitted by its terms or as contemplated pursuant to a transaction in
compliance with Section 6.13  which results in a  release of the Guarantor  from
its  liability under the Guaranty as described in Section 6.13(b)) or any action
shall be taken by the Borrower or any Subsidiary to discontinue or to assert the
invalidity or unenforceability of any Guaranty (except as expressly permitted by
its terms  or as  contemplated  pursuant to  a  transaction in  compliance  with
Section  6.13 which  results in  a release of  the Guarantor  from its liability
under the Guaranty as described in Section 6.13(b)), or any Guarantor shall fail
to comply with any of the terms or  provisions of any Guaranty to which it is  a
party,  or any  Guarantor denies  that it  has any  further liability  under any
Guaranty to which it is a party, or gives notice to such effect.

                                  ARTICLE VIII
                 ACCELERATION, WAIVERS, AMENDMENTS AND REMEDIES

    8.1.  ACCELERATION.  If any Default  described in Section 7.6 or 7.7  occurs
with  respect to the Borrower, the obligations  of the Lenders to make Loans and
of an  Issuing  Bank  to  issue  Facility  Letters  of  Credit  hereunder  shall
automatically  terminate and  the Obligations  shall immediately  become due and
payable without any election or action on  the part of the Agent or any  Lender.
If  any  other  Default  occurs  and is  continuing,  the  Required  Lenders may
terminate or suspend  the obligations of  the Lenders  to make Loans  and of  an
Issuing  Bank  to issue  Facility Letters  of Credit  hereunder, or  declare the
Obligations to be  due and  payable, or  both, whereupon  the Obligations  shall
become  immediately  due and  payable, without  presentment, demand,  protest or
notice of any kind, all of which each Borrowing Entity hereby expressly  waives.
In addition to the foregoing following the occurrence and during the continuance
of  a Default, so long as any Facility Letter of Credit has not been fully drawn
and has not been cancelled or expired by its terms, upon demand by the Agent the
Borrower shall deposit  in the Letter  of Credit Collateral  Account cash in  an
amount  equal to the  aggregate undrawn face amount  of all outstanding Facility
Letters of Credit and  all fees and  other amounts due or  which may become  due
with  respect thereto.  The Borrower  shall have  no control  over funds  in the
Letter of Credit Collateral Account, which funds shall be invested by the  Agent
from  time to time in its discretion in certificates of deposit of First Chicago
having a maturity not exceeding thirty days.

                                       42
<PAGE>
Such funds shall be promptly applied by the Agent to reimburse any Issuing  Bank
for  drafts drawn from time  to time under the  Facility Letters of Credit. Such
funds, if any, remaining  in the Letter of  Credit Collateral Account  following
the  payment of  all Obligations  in full shall,  unless the  Agent is otherwise
directed by a  court of  competent jurisdiction, be  promptly paid  over to  the
Borrower.

    8.2.   AMENDMENTS.   Subject  to the  provisions of  this Article  VIII, the
Required Lenders  (or the  Agent with  the consent  in writing  of the  Required
Lenders)  and  the Borrowing  Entities  may enter  into  agreements supplemental
hereto for the purpose of amending, adding, deleting or modifying any provisions
to the Loan Documents  or waiving or  changing in any manner  the rights of  the
Agent,  the  Lenders,  the Borrowing  Entities  or the  Guarantors  hereunder or
thereunder or waiving any Default or Unmatured Default hereunder or  thereunder;
PROVIDED,  HOWEVER,  that  no  such supplemental  agreement  shall,  without the
consent of each Lender affected thereby:

    (i) Extend the maturity of any Loan or Note or forgive all or any portion of
        the principal amount thereof, or reduce  the rate or extend the time  of
        payment  of interest or fees thereon  (except as permitted under Section
        2.11).

    (ii) Reduce the percentage specified in the definition of Required Lenders.

   (iii) Reduce the  amount  or  extend  the payment  date  for,  the  mandatory
         payments  required under  Section 2.7,  or increase  the amount  of the
         Commitment of any Lender hereunder,  or permit any Borrowing Entity  to
         assign its rights under this Agreement.

    (iv) Amend  (a) this Section 8.2, (b) Section 3.2, 7.6 or 7.7 or (c) Article
         XIV.

    (v) Increase the maximum drawable  amount or extend  the expiration date  of
        any outstanding Facility Letter of Credit (except as expressly permitted
        by  its terms) or reduce  the principal amount of  or extend the time of
        payment of  any  Reimbursement Obligation  or  fee associated  with  any
        Facility Letter of Credit.

    (vi) Release any Guarantor of any of the Obligations (except as contemplated
         by  and in accordance  with Section 6.13(b)) or,  except as provided in
         any pledge agreement which may be entered into in connection  herewith,
         release all or substantially all of the Collateral (as defined therein)
         or any other collateral, if any.

No  amendment of any provision  of this Agreement relating  to the Agent as such
shall be effective without the written consent of the Agent. The Agent may waive
payment of the fees required under  Sections 2.4.3 and 12.3.2 without  obtaining
the consent of any other party to this Agreement.

    8.3.   PRESERVATION OF RIGHTS.   No delay or omission  of the Lenders or the
Agent to exercise any right under the Loan Documents shall impair such right  or
be  construed to be a waiver of any  Default or an acquiescence therein, and the
making of a Loan notwithstanding the existence of a Default or the inability  of
the  Borrower  to  satisfy  the  conditions precedent  to  such  Loan  shall not
constitute any waiver  or acquiescence. Any  single or partial  exercise of  any
such  right shall not preclude other or further exercise thereof or the exercise
of any other right, and  no waiver, amendment or  other variation of the  terms,
conditions  or provisions of the Loan Documents whatsoever shall be valid unless
in writing signed by the Lenders required pursuant to Section 8.2, and then only
to the extent in such writing specifically set forth. All remedies contained  in
the  Loan Documents  or by  law afforded  shall be  cumulative and  all shall be
available (in accordance with the respective terms thereof) to the Agent and the
Lenders until the Obligations have been paid in full.

                                       43
<PAGE>
                                   ARTICLE IX
                               GENERAL PROVISIONS

    9.1.   SURVIVAL OF  REPRESENTATIONS.  All  representations and warranties of
the Borrowing Entities contained in this Agreement shall survive delivery of the
Notes and the making of  the Loans and the issuance  of the Facility Letters  of
Credit herein contemplated.

    9.2.   GOVERNMENTAL REGULATION.  Anything contained in this Agreement to the
contrary notwithstanding, no Lender shall be  obligated to extend credit to  any
of the Borrowing Entities in violation of any limitation or prohibition provided
by any applicable statute or regulation.

    9.3.    TAXES.    Any  taxes (excluding  Excluded  Taxes)  or  other similar
assessments or charges ruled payable by any governmental or revenue authority in
respect  of  the  Loan  Documents  shall  be  paid  by  the  relevant  Borrowing
Subsidiary,  if  applicable to  its  Borrowing Subsidiary  Obligations,  and the
Borrower, together with interest and penalties, if any.

    9.4.  HEADINGS.  Section headings in the Loan Documents are for  convenience
of  reference  only, and  shall  not govern  the  interpretation of  any  of the
provisions of the Loan Documents.

    9.5.  ENTIRE AGREEMENT.  The Loan Documents embody the entire agreement  and
understanding  among  the  Borrowing Entities,  the  Agent and  the  Lenders and
supersede all prior  agreements and  understandings among any  of the  Borrowing
Entities, the Agent and the Lenders relating to the subject matter thereof.

    9.6.    SEVERAL OBLIGATIONS;  BENEFITS OF  THIS  AGREEMENT.   The respective
obligations of the  Lenders hereunder are  several and not  joint and no  Lender
shall  be the partner or agent  of any other (except to  the extent to which the
Agent is authorized to act as such). The failure of any Lender to perform any of
its obligations hereunder (including,  without limitation, those under  Sections
2.8  and 3.6)  shall not relieve  any other  Lender from any  of its obligations
hereunder. This Agreement shall not  be construed so as  to confer any right  or
benefit  upon any  Person other  than the  parties to  this Agreement  and their
respective successors and permitted assigns.

    9.7.  EXPENSES; INDEMNIFICATION.  The Borrowing Entities shall reimburse the
Agent for  any reasonable  costs, internal  charges and  out-of-pocket  expenses
(including  attorneys' fees and  time charges of attorneys  for the Agent, which
attorneys may  be employees  of the  Agent) paid  or incurred  by the  Agent  in
connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery, amendment and
modification (including modifications required to add new Borrowing Entities) of
the Loan Documents. The Borrowing Entities also agree to reimburse the Agent and
the  Lenders  for  any  reasonable  costs,  internal  charges  and out-of-pocket
expenses (including attorneys' fees and time charges of attorneys for the  Agent
and  the Lenders, which attorneys may be  employees of the Agent or the Lenders)
paid or incurred by the  Agent or any Lender  in connection with the  collection
and  enforcement of the Loan Documents.  The Borrowing Entities further agree to
indemnify the  Agent and  each  Lender, its  directors, officers  and  employees
against  all  losses,  claims, damages,  penalties,  judgments,  liabilities and
expenses  (including,  without  limitation,   all  expenses  of  litigation   or
preparation  therefor whether or not the Agent or any Lender is a party thereto)
which any of them may pay or incur arising out of or relating to this Agreement,
the other Loan Documents, the transactions contemplated hereby or the direct  or
indirect  application or proposed application of the proceeds of any Loan or the
use or intended use of any Facility Letter of Credit hereunder; PROVIDED that in
no event shall any  Person be entitled to  indemnification for any such  losses,
claims,  damages, penalties, judgments,  liabilities or expenses  arising out of
the gross  negligence  or  willful misconduct  of  such  Person or  any  of  its
Affiliates.  The obligations of the Borrowing  Entities under this Section shall
survive the termination of this Agreement.

    9.8.  NUMBERS OF DOCUMENTS.  All statements, notices, closing documents, and
requests hereunder shall be furnished to the Agent with sufficient  counterparts
so that the Agent may furnish one to each of the Lenders.

                                       44
<PAGE>
    9.9.   ACCOUNTING.  Except as expressly provided to the contrary herein, all
accounting  terms  used   herein  shall  be   interpreted  and  all   accounting
determinations  hereunder shall be made  in accordance with Agreement Accounting
Principles.

    9.10.  SEVERABILITY OF PROVISIONS.  Any provision in any Loan Document  that
is  held to be inoperative, unenforceable, or invalid in any jurisdiction shall,
as to  that  jurisdiction, be  inoperative,  unenforceable, or  invalid  without
affecting  the  remaining  provisions  in that  jurisdiction  or  the operation,
enforceability, or validity of that provision in any other jurisdiction, and  to
this end the provisions of all Loan Documents are declared to be severable.

    9.11.   NONLIABILITY  OF LENDERS.   The  relationship between  the Borrowing
Entities and the  Lenders and the  Agent shall  be solely that  of borrower  and
lender.   Neither  the   Agent  nor   any  Lender   shall  have   any  fiduciary
responsibilities to the  Borrowing Entities.  Neither the Agent  nor any  Lender
undertakes  any responsibility to the Borrowing Entities to review or inform the
Borrowing Entities of any matter in  connection with any phase of the  Borrowing
Entities' business or operations.

    9.12.    LANGUAGE.   The  Loan  Documents and  all  notices, communications,
opinions and other documents to  be furnished by or  on behalf of any  Borrowing
Entity  pursuant to the Loan  Documents shall be in  the English language or, in
the case of any notices,  communications, opinions or other documents  submitted
in  another language, accompanied by a certified English translation thereof and
in the event of any conflict between the English text and such other text of any
such document, the English text shall prevail.

    9.13.  CHOICE OF  LAW.  THE  LOAN DOCUMENTS (OTHER  THAN THOSE CONTAINING  A
CONTRARY  EXPRESS CHOICE OF LAW PROVISION) SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH
THE INTERNAL LAWS (AND NOT THE LAW  OF CONFLICTS) OF THE STATE OF ILLINOIS,  BUT
GIVING EFFECT TO FEDERAL LAWS APPLICABLE TO NATIONAL BANKS.

    9.14.    CONSENT  TO  JURISDICTION.    THE  BORROWING  ENTITIES  EACH HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY SUBMIT  TO  THE  NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION  OF  ANY  UNITED  STATES
FEDERAL  OR ILLINOIS STATE COURT SITTING IN  CHICAGO IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO ANY LOAN DOCUMENTS AND THE BORROWING ENTITIES EACH
HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AGREE THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING
MAY BE  HEARD  AND  DETERMINED IN  ANY  SUCH  COURT AND  IRREVOCABLY  WAIVE  ANY
OBJECTION  THEY MAY  NOW OR  HEREAFTER HAVE AS  TO THE  VENUE OF  ANY SUCH SUIT,
ACTION OR  PROCEEDING  BROUGHT  IN  SUCH  A COURT  OR  THAT  SUCH  COURT  IS  AN
INCONVENIENT  FORUM. NOTHING HEREIN  SHALL LIMIT THE  RIGHT OF THE  AGENT OR ANY
LENDER TO BRING PROCEEDINGS AGAINST THE BORROWING ENTITIES IN THE COURTS OF  ANY
OTHER  JURISDICTION. ANY  JUDICIAL PROCEEDING BY  ANY OF  THE BORROWING ENTITIES
AGAINST THE AGENT  OR ANY LENDER  OR ANY AFFILIATE  OF THE AGENT  OR ANY  LENDER
INVOLVING, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, ANY MATTER IN ANY WAY ARISING OUT OF, RELATED
TO,  OR CONNECTED  WITH ANY LOAN  DOCUMENT SHALL BE  BROUGHT ONLY IN  A COURT IN
CHICAGO, ILLINOIS.

    9.15.  SERVICE  OF PROCESS.   EACH BORROWING SUBSIDIARY  HEREBY AGREES  THAT
SERVICE  OF  ALL  WRITS, PROCESS  AND  SUMMONSES  IN ANY  SUCH  SUIT,  ACTION OR
PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN THE STATE OF ILLINOIS  MAY BE MADE UPON THE BORROWER  (THE
"PROCESS  AGENT"),  PRESENTLY  LOCATED  AT THE  ADDRESS  APPLICABLE  PURSUANT TO
ARTICLE XIII HEREOF. EACH BORROWING  SUBSIDIARY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY APPOINTS  THE
PROCESS  AGENT ITS TRUE AND LAWFUL AGENT IN  ITS NAME, PLACE AND STEAD TO ACCEPT
SUCH SERVICE OF ANY AND ALL SUCH  WRITS, PROCESS AND SUMMONSES, AND AGREES  THAT
THE  FAILURE OF  THE PROCESS  AGENT TO GIVE  ANY NOTICE  OF ANY  SUCH SERVICE OF
PROCESS TO ANY SUCH BORROWING SUBSIDIARY SHALL NOT IMPAIR OR AFFECT THE VALIDITY
OF SUCH SERVICE  OR OF  ANY JUDGMENT  BASED THEREON.  EACH BORROWING  SUBSIDIARY
HEREBY  FURTHER  IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS  TO THE  SERVICE OF  PROCESS IN  ANY SUIT,
ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN SAID COURTS BY  THE MAILING THEREOF BY THE AGENT OR  THE
LENDERS

                                       45
<PAGE>
BY  REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL, POSTAGE  PREPAID, TO EACH BORROWING SUBSIDIARY
ADDRESSED AS PROVIDED HEREIN. NOTHING HEREIN SHALL IN ANY WAY BE DEEMED TO LIMIT
THE ABILITY OF  THE AGENT OR  THE LENDERS TO  SERVE ANY SUCH  WRITS, PROCESS  OR
SUMMONSES  IN  ANY  OTHER  MANNER  PERMITTED  BY  APPLICABLE  LAW  OR  TO OBTAIN
JURISDICTION OVER THE BORROWING ENTITIES IN SUCH OTHER JURISDICTION, AND IN SUCH
MANNER, AS MAY BE PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.

    9.16.  WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.  EACH OF THE BORROWING ENTITIES, THE AGENT  AND
EACH  LENDER HEREBY  WAIVE TRIAL BY  JURY IN ANY  JUDICIAL PROCEEDING INVOLVING,
DIRECTLY OR  INDIRECTLY,  ANY MATTER  (WHETHER  SOUNDING IN  TORT,  CONTRACT  OR
OTHERWISE)  IN ANY WAY  ARISING OUT OF,  RELATED TO, OR  CONNECTED WITH ANY LOAN
DOCUMENT OR THE RELATIONSHIP ESTABLISHED THEREUNDER.

    9.17.  ERISA REPRESENTATION.   Each Lender  hereby represents, warrants  and
agrees  that none of the funds, monies, assets or other consideration being used
to make its Loans or acquire its participating interest in any Facility  Letters
of  Credit (or any funding in respect  thereof) hereunder, to acquire its rights
and interests  in  and under  any  of the  Loan  Documents, or  to  acquire  any
participation  in the  foregoing from  any other  Lender are  or will constitute
"plan assets" of any "employee benefit plan" as defined under ERISA and that its
rights, benefits, and  interests in  and under the  Loan Documents  will not  be
"plan assets" of any "employee benefit plan" under ERISA.

    9.18.    CONFIDENTIALITY.    Each Lender  agrees  to  hold  any confidential
information which it may receive from the Borrower or any Subsidiary pursuant to
this Agreement in  confidence, except for  disclosure (i) to  other Lenders  and
their  respective  Affiliates, (ii)  to  legal counsel,  accountants,  and other
professional advisors to that Lender or to a Transferee on a need-to-know basis,
(iii) upon request from regulatory officials, (iv) to any Person as required  by
law,  regulation, or legal process, (v) to  any Person as required in connection
with any legal proceeding to which that Lender is a party, and (vi) permitted by
Section 12.4.

    9.19.  JOINT  AND SEVERAL LIABILITY.   Each Borrowing  Subsidiary that is  a
Domestic Subsidiary agrees that it shall be jointly and severally liable for all
Obligations  under this Agreement to the same  extent as if it were the Borrower
or other Borrowing Entity that incurred the same.

                                   ARTICLE X
                                   THE AGENT

    10.1.  APPOINTMENT.  The First National Bank of Chicago is hereby  appointed
Agent  hereunder and  under each  other Loan Document,  and each  of the Lenders
irrevocably authorizes the Agent to act as  the agent of such Lender. The  Agent
agrees  to act as such upon the  express conditions contained in this Article X.
The Agent shall not  have a fiduciary relationship  in respect of any  Borrowing
Entity or any Lender by reason of this Agreement.

    10.2.   POWERS.  The Agent shall have and may exercise such powers under the
Loan Documents as are specifically delegated to  the Agent by the terms of  each
thereof,  together with  such powers as  are reasonably  incidental thereto. The
Agent shall have  no implied duties  to the  Lenders, or any  obligation to  the
Lenders to take any action thereunder except any action specifically provided by
the Loan Documents to be taken by the Agent.

    10.3.    GENERAL IMMUNITY.   Neither  the  Agent nor  any of  its directors,
officers, agents  or employees  shall be  liable to  any Borrowing  Entity,  the
Lenders  or any Lender for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it or them
hereunder or  under  any  other  Loan Document  or  in  connection  herewith  or
therewith except for its or their own gross negligence or willful misconduct.

    10.4.   NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR  LOANS, RECITALS, ETC.   Neither the Agent nor
any of its directors, officers, agents or employees shall be responsible for  or
have  any duty to ascertain, inquire into, or verify (i) any statement, warranty
or representation made  in connection with  any Loan Document  or any  borrowing

                                       46
<PAGE>
hereunder;  (ii)  the  performance or  observance  of  any of  the  covenants or
agreements  of  any  obligor  under   any  Loan  Document,  including,   without
limitation,  any agreement by an obligor to furnish information directly to each
Lender (PROVIDED  that  the Agent  will,  upon  request, verify  to  the  extent
feasible  the various transfers of funds  which take place under the Agreement);
(iii) the satisfaction of any condition specified in Article IV, except  receipt
of  items  required  to  be  delivered  to  the  Agent;  or  (iv)  the validity,
effectiveness or genuineness  of any Loan  Document or any  other instrument  or
writing  furnished  in connection  therewith. The  Agent shall  have no  duty to
disclose to the Lenders information that is not required to be furnished by  any
Borrowing  Entity to the Agent at such time, but is voluntarily furnished by any
Borrowing Entity  to the  Agent  (either in  its capacity  as  Agent or  in  its
individual capacity).

    10.5.   ACTION ON INSTRUCTIONS OF LENDERS.   The Agent shall in all cases be
fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, hereunder and under any
other Loan  Document  in accordance  with  written instructions  signed  by  the
Required  Lenders, and such instructions and any  action taken or failure to act
pursuant thereto shall be binding  on all of the Lenders  and on all holders  of
Notes.  The Agent shall  be fully justified  in failing or  refusing to take any
action hereunder and  under any  other Loan Document  unless it  shall first  be
indemnified  to its  satisfaction by  the Lenders pro  rata against  any and all
liability, cost and expense that it may incur by reason of taking or  continuing
to take any such action.

    10.6.   EMPLOYMENT OF AGENTS AND COUNSEL.   The Agent may execute any of its
duties as  Agent hereunder  and under  any  other Loan  Document by  or  through
employees,  agents, and  attorneys-in-fact and  shall not  be answerable  to the
Lenders, except  as to  money or  securities received  by it  or its  authorized
agents,  for the default  or misconduct of any  such agents or attorneys-in-fact
selected by it with reasonable  care. The Agent shall  be entitled to advice  of
counsel  concerning all matters pertaining to  the agency hereby created and its
duties hereunder and under any other Loan Document.

    10.7.  RELIANCE ON DOCUMENTS; COUNSEL.  The Agent shall be entitled to  rely
upon  any  Note,  notice,  consent,  certificate,  affidavit,  letter, telegram,
statement, paper or document  believed by it  to be genuine  and correct and  to
have  been signed or  sent by the proper  person or persons,  and, in respect to
legal matters, upon the opinion of counsel selected by the Agent, which  counsel
may be employees of the Agent.

    10.8.   AGENT'S  REIMBURSEMENT AND  INDEMNIFICATION.   The Lenders  agree to
reimburse and  indemnify the  Agent ratably  in proportion  to their  respective
Commitments (i) for any amounts not reimbursed by any Borrowing Entity for which
the  Agent is entitled to  reimbursement by any Borrowing  Entity under the Loan
Documents, (ii) for any other  expenses incurred by the  Agent on behalf of  the
Lenders, in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery and enforcement
of  the  Loan  Documents and  (iii)  for any  liabilities,  obligations, losses,
damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or  disbursements
of  any  kind and  nature whatsoever  which may  be imposed  on, incurred  by or
asserted against the Agent  in any way  relating to or arising  out of the  Loan
Documents  or  any  other  document delivered  in  connection  therewith  or the
transactions contemplated  thereby,  or the  enforcement  of any  of  the  terms
thereof  or of any such other documents, provided that no Lender shall be liable
for any of the foregoing to the  extent they arise from the gross negligence  or
willful  misconduct  of the  Agent. The  obligations of  the Lenders  under this
Section 10.8 shall survive  payment of the Obligations  and termination of  this
Agreement.

    10.9.   RIGHTS AS A LENDER.   In the event the  Agent is a Lender (including
its capacity as  an Issuing  Bank), the  Agent shall  have the  same rights  and
powers  hereunder  and under  any  other Loan  Document  as any  Lender  and may
exercise the same  as though it  were not the  Agent, and the  term "Lender"  or
"Lenders"  shall, at  any time when  the Agent  is a Lender,  unless the context
otherwise indicates, include the Agent in its individual capacity. The Agent may
accept deposits from, lend money to, and generally engage in any kind of  trust,
debt,  equity or  other transaction, in  addition to those  contemplated by this
Agreement or  any  other  Loan  Document,  with  the  Borrower  or  any  of  its
Subsidiaries  in which the Borrower or  such Subsidiary is not restricted hereby
from engaging with any other Person.  The Agent, in its individual capacity,  is
not obligated to remain a Lender.

    10.10.    LENDER CREDIT  DECISION.   Each Lender  acknowledges that  it has,
independently and without reliance upon the Agent or any other Lender and  based
on  the financial statements  prepared by the Borrower  and such other documents
and  information   as  it   has  deemed   appropriate,  made   its  own   credit

                                       47
<PAGE>
analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.
Each  Lender also acknowledges that it  will, independently and without reliance
upon the Agent or any other Lender  and based on such documents and  information
as  it  shall deem  appropriate at  the time,  continue to  make its  own credit
decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement and the other Loan
Documents.

    10.11.  SUCCESSOR AGENT.  The Agent may resign at any time by giving written
notice thereof to the Lenders and the Borrowing Entities, such resignation to be
effective upon the appointment  of a successor Agent  or, if no successor  Agent
has been appointed, forty-five days after the retiring Agent gives notice of its
intention  to resign. Upon any such  resignation, the Required Lenders (with the
consent of the  Borrower) shall  have the  right to  appoint, on  behalf of  the
Borrowing  Entities and  the Lenders, a  successor Agent. If  no successor Agent
shall have been so appointed  by the Required Lenders  (with the consent of  the
Borrower)  within thirty days  after the resigning Agent's  giving notice of its
intention to resign,  then the  resigning Agent may  appoint, on  behalf of  the
Borrowing Entities and the Lenders, a successor Agent. If the Agent has resigned
and  no successor  Agent has  been appointed,  the Lenders  may perform  all the
duties of the Agent hereunder and the Borrowing Entities shall make all payments
in respect  of  the Obligations  to  the applicable  Lender  and for  all  other
purposes  shall  deal directly  with the  Lenders. No  successor Agent  shall be
deemed to be  appointed hereunder until  such successor Agent  has accepted  the
appointment.  Any such successor Agent shall be a commercial bank having capital
and retained  earnings of  at least  $250,000,000. Upon  the acceptance  of  any
appointment  as Agent hereunder by a successor Agent, such successor Agent shall
thereupon succeed to and become vested  with all the rights, powers,  privileges
and  duties of the resigning Agent. Upon the effectiveness of the resignation of
the Agent, the resigning Agent shall  be discharged from any further duties  and
obligations  as  Agent  hereunder  and  under  the  Loan  Documents.  After  the
effectiveness of the resignation of an  Agent, the provisions of this Article  X
shall continue in effect for the benefit of such Agent in respect of any actions
taken  or omitted to be taken  by it while it was  acting as the Agent hereunder
and under the other Loan Documents.

                                   ARTICLE XI
                            SETOFF; RATABLE PAYMENTS

    11.1.  SETOFF.  In addition to, and without limitation of, any rights of the
Lenders under  applicable  law,  if  the  Borrower  becomes  insolvent,  however
evidenced,  or  any  Default occurs  and  is  continuing, any  and  all deposits
(including all account balances, whether provisional or final and whether or not
collected or available) and any other Indebtedness at any time held or owing  by
any  Lender to or  for the credit or  account of the Borrower  may be offset and
applied toward the payment of the  Obligations owing to such Lender, whether  or
not the Obligations, or any part hereof, shall then be due.

    11.2.  RATABLE PAYMENTS.  If any Lender, whether by setoff or otherwise, has
payment  made to  it upon  its Loans (other  than payments  received pursuant to
Sections 2.20.1, 2.20.2,  2.20.3 or 2.20.5)  in a greater  proportion than  that
received  by  any other  Lender, such  Lender agrees,  promptly upon  demand, to
purchase a portion of  the Loans held  by the other Lenders  so that after  such
purchase  each Lender will hold its ratable  proportion of Loans. If any Lender,
whether in connection with setoff or amounts which might be subject to setoff or
otherwise, receives collateral or other  protection for its Obligations or  such
amounts  which  may be  subject  to setoff,  such  Lender agrees,  promptly upon
demand, to  take  such action  necessary  such that  all  Lenders share  in  the
benefits  of such collateral ratably  in proportion to their  Loans. In case any
such payment is disturbed  by legal process,  or otherwise, appropriate  further
adjustments shall be made.

                                  ARTICLE XII
               BENEFIT OF AGREEMENT; ASSIGNMENTS; PARTICIPATIONS

    12.1.    SUCCESSORS AND  ASSIGNS.   The  terms  and provisions  of  the Loan
Documents shall  be binding  upon and  inure  to the  benefit of  the  Borrowing
Entities  and the  Lenders and their  respective successors  and assigns, except
that (i) none  of the  Borrowing Entities  shall have  the right  to assign  its
rights  or obligations under the  Loan Documents and (ii)  any assignment by any
Lender must be made in compliance with

                                       48
<PAGE>
Section 12.3. Notwithstanding clause (ii) of this Section, any Lender may at any
time, without the consent of any of the Borrowing Entities or the Agent,  assign
all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement and its Notes to a Federal
Reserve  Bank;  PROVIDED, HOWEVER,  that no  such  assignment shall  release the
transferor Lender from its  obligations hereunder. The  Agent and the  Borrowing
Entities  may treat the payee of any Note as shown on the Agent's records as the
owner thereof (and as the "Lender" hereunder) for all purposes hereof unless and
until such payee complies with Section 12.3 in the case of an assignment thereof
or, in the case of any other transfer, a written notice of the transfer is filed
with the Agent (with a  copy to the Borrower). Any  assignee or transferee of  a
Note agrees by acceptance thereof to be bound by all the terms and provisions of
the  Loan Documents. Any request, authority or consent of any Person, who at the
time of making such request or giving such authority or consent is the holder as
shown on the records of the Agent  of any Note, shall be conclusive and  binding
on  any subsequent holder, transferee or assignee of such Note or of any Note or
Notes issued in exchange therefor.

    12.2.  PARTICIPATIONS.

        12.2.1  PERMITTED PARTICIPANTS; EFFECT.  Any Lender may, in the ordinary
    course of its business  and in accordance with  applicable law, at any  time
    sell  to one or more banks  or other entities ("Participants") participating
    interests in any Loan owing  to such Lender, any  Note held by such  Lender,
    any  Lender's Percentage  of Facility Letters  of Credit,  any Commitment of
    such Lender or any other interest  of such Lender under the Loan  Documents.
    In  the event of any  such sale by a Lender  of participating interests to a
    Participant, such Lender's obligations under the Loan Documents shall remain
    unchanged, such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other  parties
    hereto for the performance of such obligations, such Lender shall remain the
    holder  of any such Note (and the  "Lender") for all purposes under the Loan
    Documents, all amounts payable by any  of the Borrowing Entities under  this
    Agreement  shall  be  determined  as  if  such  Lender  had  not  sold  such
    participating interests,  and the  Borrowing Entities  and the  Agent  shall
    continue  to deal  solely and directly  with such Lender  in connection with
    such Lender's rights and obligations under the Loan Documents.

        12.2.2.  BENEFIT OF SETOFF.  Each of the Borrowing Entities agrees  that
    each  Participant of which it has actual  notice shall be deemed to have the
    right of setoff  provided in Section  11.1 in respect  of its  participating
    interest  in amounts owing under the Loan Documents to the same extent as if
    the amount of  its participating  interest were owing  directly to  it as  a
    Lender  under the Loan Documents, provided that each Lender shall retain the
    right of  setoff provided  in Section  11.1 with  respect to  the amount  of
    participating interests sold to each Participant. The Lenders agree to share
    with  each Participant,  and each  Participant, by  exercising the  right of
    setoff provided  in Section  11.1, agrees  to share  with each  Lender,  any
    amount  received  pursuant to  the  exercise of  its  right of  setoff, such
    amounts to be shared in accordance with Section 11.2 as if each  Participant
    were a Lender.

    12.3.  ASSIGNMENTS.

        12.3.1.   PERMITTED ASSIGNMENTS.  Any Lender may, in the ordinary course
    of its business and in accordance with applicable law, at any time assign to
    one or more banks or other financial institutions ("Purchasers") all or  any
    part of its rights and obligations under the Loan Documents. Such assignment
    shall  be effected by  a document substantially  in the form  of Exhibit "H"
    hereto or in such other form as may be agreed to by the parties thereto. The
    consent of  the  Borrower  and the  Agent  shall  be required  prior  to  an
    assignment  becoming effective  with respect to  a Purchaser which  is not a
    Lender; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that if a Default has occurred and is continuing,
    the consent of the Borrower shall not be required. Such consent shall not be
    unreasonably withheld or delayed.

        12.3.2.  EFFECT; EFFECTIVE DATE.   Upon (i) delivery  to the Agent of  a
    notice  of assignment,  substantially in the  form attached as  Annex "I" to
    Exhibit "H" hereto (a  "Notice of Assignment"),  together with any  consents
    required  by Section 12.3.1, and  (ii) payment of a  $2,500 fee to the Agent
    for processing such  assignment, such assignment  shall become effective  on
    the  effective date  specified in such  Notice of Assignment.  The Notice of
    Assignment shall contain (or to the extent not contained, shall  constitute)
    a   representation  by  the  Purchaser  to  the  effect  that  none  of  the
    consideration used to make the purchase of the Commitment, Facility  Letters
    of Credit and Loans under the applicable

                                       49
<PAGE>
    assignment  agreement are "plan assets" as  defined under ERISA and that the
    rights and interests of the Purchaser  in and under the Loan Documents  will
    not  be "plan assets" under  ERISA. On and after  the effective date of such
    assignment, such Purchaser shall for all purposes be a Lender party to  this
    Agreement and any other Loan Document executed by the Lenders and shall have
    all  the rights and obligations of a Lender under the Loan Documents, to the
    same extent as if it were an  original party hereto, and no further  consent
    or  action by any of the Borrowing  Entities, the Lenders or the Agent shall
    be required to release the transferor Lender with respect to its  Percentage
    of  the Aggregate Commitment, Facility Letters  of Credit and Loans assigned
    to such Purchaser. Upon  the consummation of any  assignment to a  Purchaser
    pursuant  to this Section  12.3.2, the transferor Lender,  the Agent and the
    Borrowing Entities shall make  appropriate arrangements so that  replacement
    Notes are issued to such transferor Lender and new Notes or, as appropriate,
    replacement  Notes, are issued  (against receipt of  previously issued Notes
    for cancellation)  to such  Purchaser,  in each  case in  principal  amounts
    reflecting  their Commitment,  as adjusted  pursuant to  such assignment. In
    addition,  within  a  reasonable  time  after  the  effective  date  of  any
    assignment,  the  Agent shall,  and is  hereby  authorized and  directed to,
    revise Schedule  "1"  reflecting the  revised  Percentages of  each  of  the
    Lenders  and shall distribute  such revised Schedule "1"  to the Lenders and
    the Borrowing Entities and such revised  Schedule "1" shall replace the  old
    Schedule "1" and become part of this Agreement.

    12.4.   DISSEMINATION OF INFORMATION.  The Borrowing Entities authorize each
Lender to disclose to any Participant or Purchaser or any other Person acquiring
an interest in the Loan Documents by operation of law (each a "Transferee")  and
any  prospective Transferee any and all  information in such Lender's possession
concerning the creditworthiness of the  Borrower and its Subsidiaries,  PROVIDED
that  each  Transferee and  prospective  Transferee agrees  to  be bound  by the
confidentiality restrictions set forth in Section 9.18 of this Agreement.

    12.5.  TAX TREATMENT.  If any  interest in any Loan Document is  transferred
to  any Transferee which is  organized under the laws  of any jurisdiction other
than the United States or any  State thereof, the transferor Lender shall  cause
such Transferee, concurrently with the effectiveness of such transfer, to comply
with the provisions of Section 2.18.

                                  ARTICLE XIII
                                    NOTICES

    13.1.   GIVING NOTICE.   Except as otherwise permitted  by Sections 2.13 and
3.4, all notices  and other communications  provided to any  party hereto  under
this  Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be in writing or by telex or by
facsimile and addressed  or delivered  to such party  at its  address set  forth
below its signature hereto or at such other address as may be designated by such
party  in a  notice to  the other  parties. Any  notice, if  mailed and properly
addressed with postage prepaid, shall be deemed given when received; any notice,
if transmitted by  telex or facsimile,  shall be deemed  given when  transmitted
(answerback confirmed in the case of telexes).

    13.2.   CHANGE OF ADDRESS.   Any Borrowing Entity,  the Agent and any Lender
may each change the address for service of notice upon it by a notice in writing
to the other parties hereto.

                                  ARTICLE XIV
          BORROWER RESPONSIBILITY FOR BORROWING SUBSIDIARY OBLIGATIONS

    14.1    DIRECT  OBLIGATIONS.    The  Borrower  hereby  unconditionally   and
irrevocably  affirms to the Lenders its  direct liability for, and guarantees to
the  Lenders,  the  due  and  punctual  payment  of  the  Borrowing   Subsidiary
Obligations,  including, but  not limited  to, the  due and  punctual payment of
principal of  and  interest on  the  Borrowing Subsidiary  Notes,  and  punctual
payment  of all other sums  now or hereafter owed  by the Borrowing Subsidiaries
under the Loan  Documents as  and when  the same  shall become  due (whether  by
acceleration  or otherwise)  and according to  the terms hereof  and thereof. In
case of failure by any

                                       50
<PAGE>
Borrowing Subsidiary punctually to pay any Borrowing Subsidiary Obligations, the
Borrower hereby  unconditionally  agrees  to  cause  such  payment  to  be  made
punctually  as  and when  the  same shall  become  due and  payable,  whether at
maturity or by declaration or otherwise, and as if such payment were made by the
Borrowing Subsidiary.

    14.2  OBLIGATIONS UNCONDITIONAL.  The Obligations of the Borrower under this
Article XIV  shall  be  irrevocable, unconditional  and  absolute  and,  without
limiting  the generality of the foregoing,  shall not be released, discharged or
otherwise affected by:

        (a) any extension, renewal, settlement, compromise, waiver or release in
    respect of  any  obligation  of  any Borrowing  Subsidiary  under  any  Loan
    Document by operation of law or otherwise;

        (b) any modification or amendment of or supplement to any Loan Document;

        (c)   any  compromise,  settlement,   modification,  amendment,  waiver,
    release, non-perfection  or  invalidity of  or  to any  direct  or  indirect
    security,  guarantee or  other liability  of any  third party,  or Borrowing
    Subsidiary Obligations;

        (d) any change in the  corporate existence, structure, or ownership  of,
    or  any insolvency,  bankruptcy, reorganization or  other similar proceeding
    affecting any Borrowing Subsidiary or its assets or any resulting release or
    discharge of any Borrowing Subsidiary Obligations;

        (e) the  existence of  any  claim, set-off  or  other rights  which  the
    Borrower  may have at any time  against any Borrowing Subsidiary, the Agent,
    any Lender or any  other Person, whether or  not arising in connection  with
    this  Agreement, PROVIDED that nothing herein shall prevent the assertion of
    any such claim by separate suit or compulsory counterclaim;

        (f) any  invalidity  or  unenforceability relating  to  or  against  any
    Borrowing  Subsidiary for any reason of  any Loan Document, or any provision
    of applicable law or  regulation purporting to prohibit  the payment by  any
    Borrowing  Subsidiary  of  the principal  of  or interest  on  any Borrowing
    Subsidiary Note or any other amount payable by it under this Agreement; or

        (g) to the extent permitted by applicable law, any other act or omission
    to act or  delay of any  kind by  any Borrowing Subsidiary,  the Agent,  any
    Lender  or any other Person or any other circumstance whatsoever that might,
    but for the provisions  of this paragraph, constitute  a legal or  equitable
    discharge of the obligations of the Borrower under this Article XIV.

    14.3.    DISCHARGE  ONLY  UPON PAYMENT  IN  FULL;  REINSTATEMENT  IN CERTAIN
CIRCUMSTANCES.  The Borrower's obligations  under this Article XIV shall  remain
in  full force and effect  until the Aggregate Commitment  is terminated and the
principal of and interest on the  Notes and all other Obligations payable  under
the  Loan Documents shall have been paid in  full. If at any time any payment of
the principal  of or  interest on  any Borrowing  Subsidiary Note  or any  other
amount  payable by any Borrowing Subsidiary under any Loan Document is rescinded
or must be  otherwise restored or  returned upon the  insolvency, bankruptcy  or
reorganization   of  any  Borrowing  Subsidiary  or  otherwise,  the  Borrower's
obligations under  this  Article XIV  with  respect  to such  payment  shall  be
reinstated  at such time as though such payment  had become due but had not been
made at  such time.  This Section  14.3 shall  survive the  termination of  this
Agreement and the payment in full of the Obligations.

    14.4.     WAIVER.    The  Borrower  irrevocably  waives  acceptance  hereof,
presentment, demand, protest and any notice not provided for herein, as well  as
any  requirement that at any time any action  be taken by any Person against any
Borrowing Subsidiary or any other Person. The Borrower waives any claim, as that
term is defined  in the Federal  Bankruptcy Code, which  the Borrower might  now
have  or hereafter acquire against any Borrowing Subsidiary that arises from the
existence or performance of the  Borrower's obligations under this Article  XIV.
The  Borrower waives any benefit of the  collateral, if any, which may from time
to time secure the Obligations or any  part thereof and authorizes the Agent  or
the  Lenders to  take any  action or exercise  any remedy  with respect thereto,
which the Agent or the Lenders in its or their sole discretion shall  determine,
without  notice  to  the  Borrower.  In the  event  the  Lenders  in  their sole
discretion elect to give

                                       51
<PAGE>
notice of  any action  with respect  to  the collateral,  if any,  securing  the
Obligations or any part thereof, ten days' written notice mailed to the Borrower
by  certified mail at the address shown hereon shall be deemed reasonable notice
of any matters contained in such notice.

    14.5.  STAY OF ACCELERATION.  If acceleration of the time for payment of any
amount payable by any  Borrowing Subsidiary under any  of the Loan Documents  is
stayed  upon  the  insolvency,  bankruptcy or  reorganization  of  any Borrowing
Subsidiary all such amounts otherwise subject to acceleration under the terms of
this Agreement shall nonetheless be payable by the Borrower hereunder  forthwith
on demand by the Agent.

    14.6   PAYMENTS.  All  payments to be made by  the Borrower pursuant to this
Article XIV shall be  made at the times  and in the manner  and in the  currency
prescribed for payments in this Agreement.

    14.7    SUBROGATION.    Notwithstanding  any  payments  made  or obligations
performed by  the Borrower  by reason  of this  Article XIV  (including but  not
limited to application of funds on account of such payments of obligations), the
Borrower  hereby irrevocably waives and releases any  and all rights it may have
at any  time (whether  arising  directly or  indirectly,  by operation  of  law,
contract  or otherwise) to assert any  claim against any Borrowing Subsidiary or
any other  Person or  against any  direct  or indirect  security on  account  of
payments  made or obligations  performed under or pursuant  to this Article XIV,
including without limitation any and  all rights of subrogation,  reimbursement,
exoneration, contribution or indemnity, and any and all rights that would result
in  the Borrower  being deemed a  "creditor" under the  United States Bankruptcy
Code of any Borrowing Subsidiary or any other person.

                                   ARTICLE XV
                                  COUNTERPARTS

    This Agreement may be executed in  any number of counterparts, all of  which
taken together shall constitute one agreement, and any of the parties hereto may
execute  this Agreement by signing any such counterpart. This Agreement shall be
effective when it has been executed by  the Borrower, the Agent and the  Lenders
and  each party has notified the Agent by  telex or telephone, that it has taken
such action.

                                       52
<PAGE>
    IN  WITNESS WHEREOF, the Borrowing Entities,  the Lenders and the Agent have
executed this Agreement as of the date first above written.

                                          VARLEN CORPORATION,
                                            AS THE BORROWER

                                          By:        RICHARD A. NUNEMAKER

                                             -----------------------------------

                                          Print Name:    Richard A. Nunemaker

                                                    ----------------------------

                                          Title:   Vice President, Finance/CFO

                                          --------------------------------------

                                          Address:    55 Shuman Boulevard
                                                    P.O. Box 3089
                                                    Naperville, Illinois
                                          60566-7089

                                          Attention: Richard A. Nunemaker, Vice
                                                       President, Finance, Chief
                                                       Financial Officer and
                                                       Treasurer

                                                 FAX:     (708) 420-7123
                                                Telephone: (708) 420-0400

                                          THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF CHICAGO,
                                            INDIVIDUALLY AND AS AGENT

                                          By:          JULIA A. BRISTOW

                                             -----------------------------------

                                          Print Name:      Julia A. Bristow

                                                    ----------------------------

                                          Title:          Vice President

                                          --------------------------------------

                                          Address:    One First National Plaza,
                                          Ste. 0173
                                                    Chicago, Illinois 60670

                                          Attention: Julia A. Bristow, Vice
                                                       President

                                                 FAX:     (312) 732-1117
                                                Telephone: (312) 732-4116

                                       53
<PAGE>
                                          HARRIS TRUST AND SAVINGS BANK

                                          By:          DONALD C. WELCHKO

                                             -----------------------------------

                                          Print Name:      Donald C. Welchko

                                                    ----------------------------

                                          Title:          Vice President

                                               ---------------------------------

                                          Address:    111 W. Monroe
                                                    Chicago, Illinois 60690

                                          Attention: Division A/Donald C.
                                                       Welchko, Vice President

                                                 FAX:     (312) 461-2591
                                                Telephone: (312) 461-7576

                                          NATIONSBANK OF NORTH CAROLINA, N.A.

                                          By:           CARTER E. SMITH

                                             -----------------------------------

                                          Print Name:       Carter E. Smith

                                                    ----------------------------

                                          Title:     Assistant Vice President

                                               ---------------------------------

                                          Address:    70 W. Madison Street, Ste.
                                          5300
                                                    Chicago, Illinois 60602-4208

                                          Attention: Carter E. Smith, Assistant
                                                       Vice President

                                                 FAX:     (312) 372-9194
                                                Telephone: (312) 372-0745

                                       54
<PAGE>
                                          ABN AMRO BANK N.V.

                                          By:           JOHN ELLENWOOD

                                             -----------------------------------

                                          Print Name:       John Ellenwood

                                                    ----------------------------

                                          Title:          Vice President

                                               ---------------------------------

                                          By:           ROBERT J. GRAFF

                                             -----------------------------------

                                          Print Name:       Robert J. Graff

                                                    ----------------------------

                                          Title:          Vice President

                                               ---------------------------------

                                          Address:    135 S. LaSalle Street
                                                    Chicago, Illinois 60603

                                          Attention: Sheri F. Kempel, Assistant
                                                       Vice President

                                                 FAX:     (312) 606-8425
                                                Telephone: (312) 443-2953

                                       55
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.(K)
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10(K)
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10(K)

                               VARLEN CORPORATION
                        1993 INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION PLAN

    1.  PURPOSE.  The purpose of this Plan is to advance the interests of Varlen
Corporation by providing an opportunity to selected key employees of the Company
and its Subsidiaries to purchase shares of Common Stock through the exercise of
options granted pursuant to this Plan, which may be either Incentive Options or
Nonqualified Options. By encouraging such stock ownership, the Company seeks to
establish as close an identity as feasible between the interests of the Company
and its Subsidiaries and those of such key employees and also seeks to attract,
retain, motivate and reward employees of superior ability, training and
experience.

    2.  DEFINITIONS

        (1)  BOARD means the Board of Directors of the Company.

        (2)  CODE means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations
    thereunder, as amended from time to time.

        (3)  COMMITTEE means the committee appointed by the Board responsible
    for administering the Plan in accordance with Section 5.

        (4)  COMMON STOCK means the common stock of the Company, par value $.10
    per share.

        (5)  COMPANY means Varlen Corporation, a Delaware corporation.

        (6)  DIRECTOR means each individual who is serving as a member of the
    Board as of the time of reference.

        (7)  DISINTERESTED PERSON means a person who qualifies as such under
    Rule 16b-3(c)(2)(i) under Section 16 of the Exchange Act, or any successor
    definition adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission, which
    generally is defined as a Director who is not, during the one year prior to
    service as a member of the Committee, or during such service, granted or
    awarded equity securities pursuant to the Plan or any other plan of the
    Company or its affiliates, except that participation in a formula plan,
    participation in an ongoing securities acquisition plan, or an election to
    receive an annual retainer fee in either cash or an equivalent amount of
    securities, or partly in each, shall not disqualify a Director from being a
    Disinterested Person.

        (8)  EMPLOYEE means an employee of the Company or any Subsidiary within
    the meaning of Code Section 3401(c); "key employee" means an executive,
    administrative or managerial Employee who is determined by the Committee to
    be eligible to be granted Options under the Plan.

        (9)  EXCHANGE ACT means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the
    rules and regulations promulgated pursuant thereto, as amended from time to
    time.

        (10)  INCENTIVE OPTION means a stock option intended to qualify as an
    "incentive stock option" within the meaning of Code Section 422 and
    designated as such.

        (11)  NONQUALIFIED OPTION means a stock option not intended to be an
    Incentive Option and designated as a nonqualified stock option, the federal
    income tax treatment of which is determined generally under Code Section 83.

                                      B-1
<PAGE>
        (12)  OPTION means either an Incentive Option or a Nonqualified Option
    granted pursuant to this Plan.

        (13)  PLAN means this Varlen Corporation 1993 Incentive Stock Option
    Plan as set forth herein, and as amended from time to time.

        (14)  SECURITIES ACT means the Securities Act of 1933 and rules and
    regulations promulgated pursuant thereto, as amended from time to time.

        (15)  SUBSIDIARY means a "subsidiary" of the Company within the meaning
    of Code Section 424(f), which generally is defined as any corporation (other
    than the Company) in an unbroken chain of corporations beginning with the
    Company if, at the relevant time, each of the corporations other than the
    last corporation in the unbroken chain owns stock possessing 50% or more of
    the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other
    corporations in the chain.

    3.  EFFECTIVE DATE.  This Plan was approved and adopted by the Board on
March 29, 1993. The effective date of the Plan shall be May 25, 1993, the date
of the annual meeting of stockholders of the Company, so long as the Plan is
approved by the stockholders of the Company on said date.

    4.  STOCK SUBJECT TO PLAN.  The maximum aggregate number of shares of Common
Stock that may be made subject to Options granted hereunder is 150,000 shares,
which number shall be adjusted in accordance with Section 8 in the event of any
change in the Company's capital structure. Shares of Common Stock issued
pursuant to the Plan may consist, in whole or in part, of either authorized and
unissued shares or issued shares held in the Company's treasury. Any shares
subject to an Option that for any reason expires or is terminated unexercised as
to such shares may again be the subject of an Option under the Plan.

    5.  ADMINISTRATION.  The Plan shall be administered by a Committee appointed
by the Board consisting of not fewer than two individuals who are Directors, who
are not Employees, and who are Disinterested Persons. The Board shall have the
discretion to remove and appoint members of the Committee from time to time. The
Committee shall have full power and discretion, subject to the express
provisions of the Plan, (i) to determine the key Employees to whom Options are
to be granted, the time or times at which Options are to be granted, the number
of shares of Common Stock to be made subject to each Option, whether each Option
is to be an Incentive Option or a Nonqualified Option, the exercise price per
share under each Option, and the maximum term of each Option; (ii) to interpret
and construe the Plan and to prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations
for its administration; (iii) to determine the terms and provisions of each
option agreement evidencing an Option; and (iv) to make all other determinations
the Committee deems necessary or advisable for administering the Plan. All
decisions of the Committee shall be made by a majority of its members, which
shall constitute a quorum, and shall be reflected in minutes of its meetings.

    6.  ELIGIBILITY.  Options may be granted to such Employees who are key
employees as the Committee selects. A Director who is not an Employee is not
eligible to receive Options pursuant to this Plan.

    7.  TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF OPTIONS.  Options granted pursuant to the Plan
shall be evidenced by stock option agreements in such form and containing such
terms and conditions as the Committee shall determine. If an Employee to whom an
Option is granted does not execute an option agreement evidencing that Option in
the form prescribed by the Committee within the later of (i) thirty days from
the date of grant of the Option or (ii) ten days after the Employee's receipt of
an option agreement from the Company, the Option shall be void and of no further
force or effect. Each option agreement evidencing an Option shall contain among
its terms and conditions the following:

        (1)  PRICE.Subject to the conditions on Incentive Options contained in
    Section 8(2), if applicable, the purchase price per share of Common Stock
    payable upon the exercise of each Option granted hereunder

                                      B-2
<PAGE>
    shall be as determined by the Committee in its discretion but shall not be
    less than the fair market value of the Common Stock on the day the Option is
    granted if an Incentive Option, and, if a Nonqualified Option, not less than
    85% of the fair market value of the Common Stock on the day the Option is
    granted or, if greater, the book value of the Common Stock on that date. The
    fair market value of Common Stock shall be as determined by the Committee in
    its discretion in accordance with any applicable laws or rules.

        (2)  NUMBER OF SHARES AND KIND OF OPTION.Each option agreement shall
    specify the number of shares to which it pertains and shall specify whether
    the Option is a Nonqualified Option or an Incentive Option.

        (3)  TERMS OF EXERCISE.Subject to the conditions on Incentive Options
    contained in Section 8(2), if applicable, and to Section 10, each Option
    shall be exercisable for the full amount or for any part thereof and at such
    intervals or in such installments as the Committee may determine at the time
    it grants such Option; provided, however, that (i) no Option shall be
    exercised as to fewer than 25 shares of Common Stock or, if less, the total
    number of shares of Common Stock remaining unexercised under the Option, and
    (ii) no Option shall be exercisable with respect to any shares earlier than
    six months from the date the Option is granted or later than ten years after
    the date the Option is granted, except to the extent permitted in the event
    of the death or disability of the holder of a Nonqualified Option under
    Section 7(7).

        (4)  NOTICE OF EXERCISE AND PAYMENT.An Option shall be exercisable only
    by delivery of a written notice to the Company's Treasurer, or any other
    officer of the Company the Committee designates to receive such notices,
    specifying the number of shares of Common Stock for which the Option is
    being exercised. If the shares of Common Stock acquired upon exercise of an
    Option are not at the time of exercise effectively registered under the
    Securities Act, the optionee shall provide to the Company, as a condition to
    the optionee's exercise of the Option, a letter, in form and substance
    satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that the shares are being
    purchased for the optionee's own account for investment and not with a view
    to distribution or resale, and to such other effects as the Company deems
    necessary or appropriate to comply with federal and applicable state
    securities laws. Payment shall be made in full at the time the Option is
    exercised. Payment shall be made by:

           (i)   cash;

           (ii)  delivery and assignment to the Company of shares of Common
       Stock owned by the optionee;

           (iii)  a combination of (i) and (ii); or

           (iv)  delivery of a written exercise notice, including irrevocable
       instructions to the Company to deliver the stock certificates issuable
       upon exercise of the Option directly to a broker named in the notice that
       has agreed to participate in a "cashless" exercise on behalf of the
       optionee.

    Upon the optionee's satisfaction of all conditions required for the exercise
    of the Option and payment in full of the purchase price for the shares being
    acquired, the Company shall, within a reasonable period of time following
    such exercise, deliver a certificate representing the shares of Common Stock
    so acquired; provided, that the Company may postpone issuance and delivery
    of shares upon any exercise of an Option to the extent necessary or
    advisable to comply with applicable exchange listing requirements, National
    Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. ("NASD") requirements, or federal or
    state securities laws.

        (5)   WITHHOLDING  TAXES.The Company's  obligation to  deliver shares of
    Common Stock upon  exercise of  an Option,  in whole  or in  part, shall  be
    subject  to the optionee's satisfaction of all applicable federal, state and
    local tax withholding obligations.

                                      B-3
<PAGE>
        (6)  NONTRANSFERABILITY OF OPTION.No Option shall be transferable by the
    optionee otherwise than by will or the laws of descent and distribution and
    shall be exercisable during the optionee's lifetime only by the optionee (or
    the optionee's guardian or legal representative).

        (7)  TERMINATION OF OPTIONS.Each option agreement evidencing an Option
    shall contain provisions for the termination of the Option if the optionee
    ceases for any reason to be an Employee, which provisions shall be no more
    favorable to the optionee than the following:

            (i) TERMINATION WITH CONSENT.If the optionee ceases to be an
       Employee and the Company or Subsidiary that is the Employee's primary
       employer at the time of termination consents in writing to the optionee's
       exercise of an Option following such termination, then the optionee may,
       at any time within a period of 90 days following the date of such
       termination, exercise such Option to the extent that the Option was
       exercisable on the date the optionee ceased to be an Employee;

           (ii) RETIREMENT.If the optionee ceases to be an Employee by reason of
       retirement under one or more of the Company's (or Subsidiary's)
       retirement plans including, without limitation, early retirement, then
       the optionee may, at any time within a period of 90 days following the
       date of such termination, exercise each Option held by the optionee on
       such date to the full extent of the Option;

           (iii) DEATH OR DISABILITY.In the event of the Optionee's death or
       disability (within the meaning of Code Section 22(e)(3)) either (x) while
       an Employee or (y) with respect only to Nonqualified Options, while
       eligible to exercise a Nonqualified Option under Subsections 7(7)(i) or
       (ii) above, then the optionee (or the optionee's legal representative,
       executor, administrator, or person acquiring an Option by bequest or
       inheritance) may, at any time within a period of one year following the
       date of the optionee's death or commencement of disability, exercise each
       Option held by the optionee on such date to the full extent of the
       Option; and

           (iv) OTHER TERMINATION.If the optionee ceases to be an Employee for
       any reason other than those enumerated in Subsections 7(7)(i) through
       (iii) above, each Option granted to the optionee to the extent
       outstanding on the date of such termination of employment, shall
       terminate immediately on such termination of employment and may not be
       exercised thereafter;

    provided, however, that no Option may be exercised to any extent by anyone
    after the date of expiration of the Option's term, except that a
    Nonqualified Option shall remain exercisable as provided in Subsection
    7(7)(iii) regardless of the Option's term.

        (8)  LEGENDS.Any restriction on transfer of shares of Common Stock
    provided in this Plan or in the option agreement evidencing any Option shall
    be noted or referred to conspicuously on each certificate evidencing such
    shares.

    8.  RESTRICTIONS ON INCENTIVE OPTIONS.Incentive Options (but not
Nonqualified Options) granted under this Plan shall be subject to the following
restrictions:

        (1)  LIMITATION ON NUMBER OF SHARES.The aggregate fair market value,
    determined as of the date an Incentive Option is granted, of the shares with
    respect to which Incentive Options are exercisable for the first time by an
    Employee during any calendar year shall not exceed $100,000. If an Incentive
    Option is granted pursuant to which the aggregate fair market value of
    shares with respect to which it first becomes exercisable in any calendar
    year by an Employee exceeds the aforementioned $100,000 limitation, the
    portion of such Option which is in excess of the $100,000 limitation shall
    be treated as a Nonqualified Option pursuant to Code Section 422(d)(1). In
    the event that an Employee is eligible to participate in any other stock
    option plan

                                      B-4
<PAGE>
    of the Company or a Subsidiary which is also intended to comply with the
    provisions of Code Section 422, the $100,000 limitation shall apply to the
    aggregate number of shares for which Incentive Options may be granted under
    all such plans.

        (2)  10% STOCKHOLDER.If an Employee to whom an Incentive Option is
    granted pursuant to the provisions of the Plan is on the date of grant the
    owner of stock (as determined under Code Section 424(d)) possessing more
    than 10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the
    Company or a Subsidiary, then the following special provisions shall be
    applicable to the Incentive Option granted to such individual:

            (i) The Option price per share subject to such Incentive Option
       shall not be less than 110% of the fair market value of one share on the
       date of grant; and

           (ii) The Incentive Option shall not have a term in excess of five (5)
       years from its date of grant.

    9.  ADJUSTMENT FOR CHANGES IN CAPITALIZATION.  Appropriate and equitable
adjustment shall be made in the maximum number of shares of Common Stock subject
to the Plan under Section 4 and, subject to Section 10, in the number, kind and
option price of shares of Common Stock subject to then outstanding Options to
give effect to any changes in the outstanding Common Stock by reason of any
stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, merger, consolidation,
reorganization, recapitalization or any other change in the capital structure of
the Company affecting the Common Stock after the effective date of the Plan.

    10.  CHANGE IN CONTROL; MERGER, ETC.

        (1)  CHANGE IN CONTROL.  Upon the occurrence of any of the events listed
    below, all outstanding Incentive Options and Nonqualified Options held by
    all optionees pursuant to this Plan shall become immediately exercisable in
    full. The events are as follows:

            (i) The sale by the Company of all or substantially all of its
       assets;

           (ii) Any of the following events if, immediately following such
       event, a majority of the Directors consists of persons who were not
       Directors immediately prior to the date of such event:

              (a) the sale of 50% or more of the outstanding shares of Common
          Stock of the Company in a single transaction;

              (b) the consummation of a tender offer (by a party other than the
          Company) for more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock
          of the Company; or

              (c) subject to Section 10(2) below, the consummation of a merger
          or consolidation involving the Company; or

           (iii) An election of new Directors if immediately following such
       election a majority of the Directors consists of persons who were not
       nominated by management to stand for election as Directors in such
       election.

        (2)  WHERE COMPANY DOES NOT SURVIVE.  In the event of a merger or
    consolidation to which the Company is a party but is not the surviving
    company, the Committee in its discretion may vote to negate and give no
    effect to the acceleration of Options pursuant to Section 10(1)(ii)(c), but
    only if and to the extent that an executed agreement of merger or
    consolidation provides that the optionee holding such an Option shall
    receive the same merger consideration as the optionee would have received
    as a stockholder of the Company had the exercisability of the Option been
    accelerated in accordance with Section 10(1)(ii)(c) and had the

                                      B-5
<PAGE>
    optionee, immediately prior to the merger or consolidation, exercised the
    Option for the full number of shares subject thereto, paid the exercise
    price in full, and satisfied all other conditions for the exercise of the
    Option.

        (3)  LIQUIDATION OR DISSOLUTION.  The provisions of Section 9 and
    Subsections 10(1) and (2) shall not cause any Option to terminate other than
    in accordance with other applicable provisions of the Plan. However, in the
    event of the liquidation or dissolution of the Company, each outstanding
    Option shall terminate, except to the extent otherwise specifically provided
    in the option agreement evidencing the Option.

    11.  RIGHTS OF OPTIONEES.  No Employee shall have a right to be granted an
Option or, having received an Option, a right again to be granted an Option. An
optionee shall have no rights as a stockholder with respect to any shares of
Common Stock covered by his or her Option until the date the Option has been
exercised and the full purchase price for such shares has been received by the
Company. Nothing in this Plan or in any Option granted pursuant to the Plan
shall confer on any individual any right to continue in the employ of the
Company or any Subsidiary or interfere in any way with the right of the Company
or any Subsidiary to terminate or modify the terms or conditions of the
employment of the Option holder.

    12.  AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION OF THE PLAN.  Unless sooner terminated by the
Board, the Plan shall terminate, so that no Options may be granted pursuant to
it thereafter, on March 28, 2003. The Board may at any time amend, suspend or
terminate the Plan in its discretion without further action on the part of the
stockholders of the Company, except that:

        (1)  no such amendment, suspension or termination of the Plan shall
    adversely affect or impair any then outstanding Option without the consent
    of the optionee holding the Option; and

        (2)  any such amendment, suspension or termination that requires
    approval by the stockholders of the Company to comply with applicable
    provisions of the Code, rules promulgated pursuant to Section 16 of the
    Exchange Act, applicable state law or NASD or exchange listing requirements
    shall be subject to approval by the stockholders of the Company within the
    applicable time period prescribed thereunder, and shall be null and void if
    such approval is not obtained.

                                      B-6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.(L)
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10(L)
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10(l)

                               VARLEN CORPORATION
                   1993 DIRECTORS INCENTIVE STOCK GRANT PLAN

    1.  PURPOSE.  The purpose of this Plan is to advance the interests of Varlen
Corporation by granting shares of Common Stock to members of its Board of
Directors in order to attract, retain, motivate and reward individuals of
superior ability and experience to serve as members of the Board.

    2.  DEFINITIONS

       (1)  AWARD means a grant of shares of Common Stock to a Director pursuant
    to Section 7.

       (2)  BOARD means the Board of Directors of the Company.

       (3)  CODE means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations
    thereunder, as amended from time to time.

       (4)  COMMON STOCK means the common stock of the Company, par value $.10
    per share.

       (5)  COMPANY means Varlen Corporation, a Delaware corporation.

       (6)  DIRECTOR means each individual who is serving as a member of the
    Board as of the time of reference.

       (7)  EXCHANGE ACT means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules
    and regulations promulgated pursuant thereto, as amended from time
    to time.

       (8)  PLAN means this Varlen Corporation 1993 Directors Incentive Stock
    Grant Plan as set forth herein, and as amended from time to time.

       (9)  SECURITIES ACT means the Securities Act of 1933 and rules and
    regulations promulgated pursuant thereto, as amended from time to
    time.

    3.  EFFECTIVE DATE.  This Plan was approved and adopted by the Board on
March 29, 1993. The effective date of the Plan shall be May 25, 1993, the date
of the annual meeting of stockholders of the Company, so long as the Plan is
approved by the stockholders of the Company on said date.

    4.  STOCK SUBJECT TO PLAN.  The maximum aggregate number of shares of Common
Stock that may be granted pursuant to Awards hereunder is 15,000 shares, which
number shall be adjusted in accordance with Section 8 in the event of any change
in the Company's capital structure. Shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to
the Plan may consist, in whole or in part, of either authorized and unissued
shares or issued shares held in the Company's treasury.

    5.  ADMINISTRATION.  It is intended that all Awards pursuant to this Plan be
formula awards within the meaning of Rule 16b-3(c)(2)(ii) under Section 16 of
the Exchange Act, and the Plan shall be applied and operated to effect that
intent. To the extent that recordkeeping and other ministerial functions must be
performed to administer and operate the Plan properly, either the Board or a
committee appointed by the Board consisting of not fewer than two individuals
shall perform such administrative functions. The Board shall have the discretion
to remove and appoint members of the committee from time to time.

                                      C-1
<PAGE>
    6.  ELIGIBILITY.  Each individual who is a Director and who is not an
employee shall be granted Awards in accordance with Section 7.

    7.  GRANT OF AWARDS.

        (1) TERMS OF AWARDS.   Each individual who becomes an eligible Director
    shall be granted an Award for 200 shares of Common Stock (i) on the
    date of the annual meeting of stockholders of the Company on which the
    Director is elected to office or, if later, the effective date of the Plan,
    and (ii) on the date of each annual meeting of stockholders of the Company
    thereafter so long as the Director continues to serve as an eligible
    Director following the close of such annual meeting. If an individual
    becomes an eligible Director on a date other than the date of an annual
    meeting of stockholders of the Company, the eligible Director shall be
    granted an Award on the date he takes office for (i) 200 shares if the date
    he takes office is on or before the six month anniversary of the previous
    annual meeting of stockholders of the Company, or (ii) 100 shares if the
    date he takes office is after the six month anniversary of the previous
    annual meeting of stockholders of the Company. Each Director's Award shall
    be conditioned on the Director (or the legal representative of his estate in
    the event of his death) accepting the Award by paying in cash the par value
    per share of Common Stock granted within 10 business days following the date
    the Award is granted.

        (2) NONTRANSFERABILITY OF RIGHT TO ACQUIRE.   No right to acquire shares
    pursuant to an Award shall be transferable otherwise than by will or
    the laws of descent and distribution and only the Director who receives an
    Award shall be entitled to acquire shares pursuant to the Award during the
    Director's lifetime.

        (3) RESTRICTION ON TRANSFER OF SHARES.   No shares of Common Stock
    acquired pursuant to an Award (or shares of Common Stock received in
    respect of such shares as a result of stock dividends, stock splits,
    reorganizations, or other changes in the Company's capitalization) shall be
    transferable by the Director at any time during the period commencing with
    the date the Director is elected to office and ending 6 months after the
    date the Director ceases to serve as such, except as follows:

            (i) such shares shall be transferable by will or the laws of descent
       and distribution; and

           (ii) such shares shall be transferable in the event of a merger or
       consolidation of the Company or sale of all or substantially all of the
       Company's capital stock in any transaction or series of related
       transactions, subject to any applicable federal or state securities laws.

       (4) INVESTMENT REPRESENTATION.   If the shares of Common Stock granted
    to a Director pursuant to an Award are not at the time the Director
    acquires the shares effectively registered under the Securities Act, the
    Director shall provide to the Company, as a condition to the Director's
    acceptance of the Award, a letter, in form and substance satisfactory to the
    Company, to the effect that the shares are being purchased for the
    Director's own account for investment and not with a view to distribution or
    resale, and to such other effects as the Company deems necessary or
    appropriate to comply with federal and applicable state securities laws.

        (5) LEGENDS.   The restrictions on transfer of shares of Common Stock
    provided in this Plan shall be noted or referred to conspicuously on each
    certificate evidencing such shares.

    8.  ADJUSTMENT FOR CHANGES IN CAPITALIZATION.  Appropriate and equitable
adjustment shall be made in the maximum number of shares of Common Stock subject
to the Plan under Section 4 and in the number of shares of Common Stock to be
granted annually to each Director under Section 7 to give effect to any changes
in the outstanding Common Stock by reason of any stock dividend, stock split,
stock combination, merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization or
any other change in the capital structure of the Company affecting the Common
Stock after the effective date of the Plan.

<PAGE>

    9.  AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION OF THE PLAN.  The Board may at any time amend,
suspend or terminate the Plan in its discretion without further action on the
part of the stockholders of the Company, except that:

        (1)  no such amendment, suspension or termination of the Plan shall
    adversely affect or impair any rights of any Director that have accrued
    under the terms of the Plan prior thereto without the consent of the
    Director;

        (2)  this Plan shall not be amended more than once in any 6 month
    period, other than to comport with changes in the Code; and

        (3)  any such amendment, suspension or termination that requires
    approval by the stockholders of the Company to comply with applicable
    provisions of the Code, rules promulgated pursuant to Section 16 of the
    Exchange Act, applicable state law or National Association of Securities
    Dealers, Inc. or exchange listing requirements shall be subject to approval
    by the stockholders of the Company within the applicable time period
    prescribed thereunder, and shall be null and void if such approval is not
    obtained.

                                      C-3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.(M)
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10(M)
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                                  EXHIBIT 10(m)

                               VARLEN CORPORATION
                  1993 DEFERRED INCENTIVE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN
                           AS ADOPTED MARCH 29, 1993

    1.  PURPOSE.  The purpose of this Plan is to advance the interests of Varlen
Corporation by providing an opportunity to selected officers and other key
employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries to purchase shares of Common Stock
through the commitment to purchase shares of Common Stock pursuant to this Plan.
By encouraging stock ownership, the Company seeks to establish as close an
identity as feasible between the interests of the Company and its Subsidiaries
and those of such officers and other key employees and also seeks to attract,
retain, motivate and reward employees of superior ability, training and
experience. The intent of the Board, on adoption of this Plan, is to offer only
one Purchase Right hereunder to each eligible individual selected as an offeree,
so that each offeree will have only a one-time opportunity to participate in the
Plan; however, this intent shall not operate to preclude the Committee's
ability, in exercising the discretion granted to it in Section 5, to grant
additional Purchase Rights to selected eligible individuals in appropriate
circumstances.

    2.  DEFINITIONS

        (1) BOARD means the Board of Directors of the Company.

        (2) CODE means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations
    thereunder, as amended from time to time.

        (3) COMMITTEE means the committee appointed by the Board responsible for
    administering the Plan in accordance with Section 5.

        (4) COMMITMENT means an Employee's written commitment to purchase all or
    any portion of the shares of Common Stock offered to the Employee
    under a Purchase Right.

        (5) COMMON STOCK means the common stock of the Company, par value $.10
    per share.

        (6) COMPANY means Varlen Corporation, a Delaware corporation.

        (7) DIRECTOR means each individual who is serving as a member of the
    Board as of the time of reference.

        (8) DISINTERESTED PERSON means a person who qualifies as such under Rule
    16b-3(c)(2)(i) under Section 16 of the Exchange Act, or any successor
    definition adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission, which
    generally is defined as a Director who is not, during the one year
    prior to service as a member of the Committee, or during such service,
    granted or awarded equity securities pursuant to the Plan or any other plan
    of the Company or its affiliates, except that participation in a formula
    plan, participation in an ongoing securities acquisition plan, or an
    election to receive an annual retainer fee in either cash or an equivalent
    amount of securities, or partly in each, shall not disqualify a Director
    from being a Disinterested Person.

        (9) EMPLOYEE means an employee of the Company or any Subsidiary within
    the meaning of Code Section 3401(c); "key employee" means an executive,
    administrative or managerial Employee who is determined by the Committee
    to be eligible to be granted Purchase Rights under the Plan.

       (10) EXCHANGE ACT means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules
    and regulations promulgated pursuant thereto, as amended from time to time.

                                      D-1
<PAGE>
       (11) EXERCISE DATE means the fifth anniversary of the date a Purchase
    Right is granted to an offeree, or such earlier date on which a Purchase
    Right is exercised pursuant to Section 7(4), Section 7(7), or Section 9.

       (12) PLAN means this Varlen Corporation 1993 Deferred Incentive Stock
    Purchase Plan as set forth herein, and as amended from time to time.

       (13) PURCHASE RIGHT means a right to purchase shares of Common Stock
    granted to an eligible Employee pursuant to Section 7 of this Plan.

       (14) SECURITIES ACT means the Securities Act of 1933 and rules and
    regulations promulgated pursuant thereto, as amended from time to time.

       (15) SUBSIDIARY means a "subsidiary" of the Company within the meaning of
    Code Section 424(f), which generally is defined as any corporation (other
    than the Company) in an unbroken chain of corporations beginning with
    the Company if, at the relevant time, each of the corporations other than
    the last corporation in the unbroken chain owns stock possessing 50% or more
    of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the
    other corporations in the chain.

    3.  EFFECTIVE DATE.  This Plan was approved and adopted by the Board on
March 29, 1993. The effective date of the Plan shall be May 25, 1993, the date
of the annual meeting of stockholders of the Company, so long as the Plan is
approved by the stockholders of the Company on said date.

    4.  STOCK SUBJECT TO PLAN.  The maximum aggregate number of shares of Common
Stock that may be made subject to Purchase Rights granted hereunder is 100,000
shares, which number shall be adjusted in accordance with Section 8 in the event
of any change in the Company's capital structure. Shares of Common Stock issued
pursuant to the Plan may consist, in whole or in part, of either authorized and
unissued shares or issued shares held in the Company's treasury. Any shares
subject to a Purchase Right that for any reason expires or is terminated
unexercised as to such shares may again be the subject of a Purchase Right under
the Plan.

    5.  ADMINISTRATION.  The Plan shall be administered by a Committee appointed
by the Board consisting of not fewer than two individuals who are Directors, who
are not Employees, and who are Disinterested Persons. The Board shall have the
discretion to remove and appoint members of the Committee from time to time. The
Committee shall have full power and discretion, subject to the express
provisions of the Plan, (i) to determine each key Employee to whom a Purchase
Right is to be granted, the time (or times, in appropriate circumstances) at
which a Purchase Right is to be granted to each selected key Employee, the
exercise price per share under each Purchase Right, and the number of shares of
Common Stock to be made subject to each Purchase Right; (ii) to interpret and
construe the Plan and to prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations for
its administration; (iii) to determine the terms and provisions of each
agreement evidencing a Purchase Right; and (iv) to make all other determinations
the Committee deems necessary or advisable for administering the Plan. All
decisions of the Committee shall be made by a majority of its members, which
shall constitute a quorum, and shall be reflected in minutes of its meetings.

    6.  ELIGIBILITY.  Purchase Rights may be granted to such Employees who are
officers or other key employees as the Committee selects. A Director who is not
an Employee is not eligible to receive Purchase Rights pursuant to this Plan.

    7.  TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF PURCHASE RIGHTS.  Purchase Rights granted
pursuant to the Plan and an offeree's Commitment to purchase shares of Common
Stock pursuant thereto shall be evidenced by Purchase Right agreements in such
form and containing such terms and conditions as the Committee shall determine.
If an Employee to whom a Purchase Right is granted does not execute a Purchase
Right agreement evidencing his or her Commitment in the form prescribed by the
Committee within thirty (30) days after the Employee's receipt of a

                                      D-2
<PAGE>

Purchase Right agreement from the Company, the Purchase Right shall be void and
of no further force or effect. Each Purchase Right agreement evidencing a
Purchase Right and Commitment shall contain among its terms and conditions the
following:

        (1) PRICE.  The purchase price per share of Common Stock payable under
    the terms of each Purchase Right granted hereunder shall be as determined
    by the Committee in its discretion but shall not be less than the book
    value of the Common Stock on that date.

        (2) NUMBER OF SHARES.  Each Purchase Right agreement shall specify the
    maximum and minimum, if any, number of shares the offeree may make a
    Commitment to purchase.

        (3) TERMS OF COMMITMENT.  Each Purchase Right, to the extent the offeree
    has made a Commitment to purchase shares pursuant thereto, shall be
    exercised automatically on the Exercise Date, subject to Subsections 7(4)
    and (7). Each offeree shall make deposits of the aggregate purchase price
    for the shares of Common Stock he made a Commitment to purchase on the
    Exercise Date in 20 substantially equal quarterly installments payable on
    each of January 31, April 30, July 31 and October 31 (or, if not a business
    day, the next business day following such date) beginning on the first such
    date which follows the execution of the Purchase Right agreement, with the
    last installment due on the Exercise Date. Such deposits shall be made in
    cash; the offeree may agree to make such deposits through payroll deduction.
    All deposits received or held by the Company pending payment of the purchase
    price on an Exercise Date under a Purchase Right may be used by the Company
    for any corporate purpose, and the Company shall not be obligated to
    segregate such deposits. Each Purchase Right agreement shall provide that,
    so long as the offeree continues to make such deposits and the Purchase
    Right has not terminated, the offeree shall receive a payment of cash
    compensation in an amount equal to the amount of any dividend that would
    have been paid with respect to the number of shares of Common Stock equal to
    the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock the offeree has made a
    Commitment to purchase; such cash compensation shall be payable as soon as
    practicable after the date any such dividend is paid to stockholders of the
    Company. Once an offeree has made a Commitment, the offeree may not withdraw
    from, modify or cancel the Commitment except in the event of (i) the
    offeree's hardship, as determined by the Committee in its discretion or (ii)
    such other circumstances as the Committee approves in its discretion. If an
    offeree withdraws from, modifies or cancels the Commitment (i) in the case
    of hardship or such other circumstances as the Committee approves, the
    offeree shall be treated as though he has ceased to be an Employee pursuant
    to Section 7(7)(i) except that the Exercise Date of the Purchase Right shall
    be the fifth anniversary of the date the Purchase Right was granted to the
    offeree, or (ii) other than in the case of hardship or such other
    circumstances as the Committee approves, the offeree shall be treated as
    though he has ceased to be an Employee pursuant to Section 7(7)(iii) on the
    date of such withdrawal, modification or cancellation and the Exercise Date
    or date for payment of cash, as the case may be, shall be as determined by
    the Committee, but shall be no later than the fifth anniversary of the date
    the Purchase Right was granted to the offeree.

        (4) EXERCISE.  Subject to Subsection 7(7), each Purchase Right shall be
    exercised automatically on the Exercise Date to the extent of the
    offeree's Commitment if the Purchase Right has not terminated prior to the
    Exercise Date, all conditions required for the exercise of the Purchase
    Right have been satisfied, and the offeree has paid the purchase price for
    the shares being acquired in full. The Company shall, within a reasonable
    period of time following such Exercise Date, deliver a certificate
    representing the shares of Common Stock so acquired; provided, that the
    Company may postpone issuance and delivery of shares upon any exercise of a
    Purchase Right to the extent necessary or advisable to comply with
    applicable exchange listing requirements, National Association of
    Securities Dealers, Inc. ("NASD") requirements, or federal or state
    securities laws. If the shares of Common Stock acquired on an Exercise
    Date are not at that time effectively registered under the Securities
    Act, the offeree shall provide to the Company, as a condition to the

                                      D-3
<PAGE>

    offeree's exercise of the Purchase Right, a letter, in form and
    substance satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that the shares are
    being purchased for the offeree's own account for investment and not with a
    view to distribution or resale, and to such other effects as the Company
    deems necessary or appropriate to comply with federal and applicable state
    securities laws.

        (5) WITHHOLDING TAXES.  The Company's obligation to deliver shares of
    Common Stock upon exercise of a Purchase Right, in whole or in part,
    shall be subject to the offeree's satisfaction of all applicable federal,
    state and local tax withholding obligations. For federal income tax
    purposes, all amounts payable by an offeree pursuant to Section 7(3) shall
    constitute deposits made toward the purchase on the Exercise Date of the
    Common Stock subject to the Purchase Right.

        (6) NONTRANSFERABILITY OF PURCHASE RIGHT.  Prior to Commitment no
    Purchase Right shall be transferable. After Commitment, no Purchase
    Right shall be transferable by the offeree otherwise than by will or the
    laws of descent and distribution and shall be exercisable during the
    offeree's lifetime only by the offeree (or the offeree's guardian or legal
    representative).

        (7) TERMINATION OF PURCHASE RIGHTS.  Each Purchase Right agreement
    evidencing a Purchase Right shall contain provisions for the
    termination of the Purchase Right if the offeree ceases for any reason to be
    an Employee, which provisions shall be no more favorable to the offeree than
    the following:

            (i) TERMINATION WITH CONSENT.  If the offeree ceases to be an
       Employee and the Company or Subsidiary that is the Employee's primary
       employer at the time of termination consents in writing to the exercise
       of a Purchase Right following such termination, then the Exercise Date of
       that Purchase Right shall be the date of such termination and the
       Purchase Right shall terminate on the Exercise Date; the number of shares
       of Common Stock for which that Purchase Right shall be exercised on such
       Exercise Date is the number of whole shares of Common Stock equal to the
       aggregate number of shares of Common Stock the offeree has made a
       Commitment to purchase, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which
       is the total amount the offeree has deposited in quarterly installments
       pursuant to Section 7(3) through the date of such termination and the
       denominator of which is the total purchase price under the Commitment.
       Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if the fair market value per
       share of Common Stock on the date of such termination is less than the
       purchase price per share of Common Stock under the Purchase Right, then
       the Purchase Right shall terminate immediately on such termination of
       employment and the aggregate amount of the purchase price under the
       Purchase Right the offeree has deposited through such termination date
       shall be paid to the offeree in cash as soon as practicable thereafter.

           (ii) RETIREMENT, DEATH OR DISABILITY.  If the offeree ceases to be an
       Employee by reason of retirement under one or more of the Company's (or a
       Subsidiary's) retirement plans including, without limitation, early
       retirement, or in the event of the offeree's death or disability (within
       the meaning of Code Section 22(e)(3)) while an Employee, then the
       Exercise Date of that Purchase Right shall be the date 90 days after such
       termination (or, if not a business day, on the next business day) and the
       Purchase Right shall terminate on the Exercise Date; the number of shares
       of Common Stock for which that Purchase Right shall be exercised on such
       Exercise Date shall be, at the election of the offeree (or the offeree's
       legal representative, executor, administrator, or person acquiring a
       Purchase Right by bequest or inheritance) (i) the number of shares of
       Common Stock equal to the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock the
       offeree has made a Commitment to purchase, or (ii) the number of whole
       shares of Common Stock equal to the aggregate number of shares of Common
       Stock the offeree has made a Commitment to purchase, multiplied by a
       fraction, the numerator of which is the total amount the offeree has
       deposited in quarterly installments pursuant to Section 7(3) through the
       date of such termination and the denominator of which is the total
       purchase price under the Commitment.

                                      D-4
<PAGE>

           (iii) OTHER TERMINATION.  If the offeree ceases to be an Employee for
       any reason other than those enumerated in Subsections 7(7)(i) and (ii)
       above, each Purchase Right shall terminate immediately on such
       termination of employment and the aggregate amount of the purchase price
       thereunder the offeree has deposited through such termination date shall
       be paid to the offeree in cash as soon as practicable thereafter;
       provided that, if the fair market value per share of Common Stock on the
       date of such termination is less than the purchase price per share of
       Common Stock under the Purchase Right, then the Purchase Right Exercise
       Date will be the date of such termination, the Purchase Right shall
       terminate on said Exercise Date, and the number of shares of Common Stock
       for which the Purchase Right shall be exercised on such Exercise Date is
       the number of whole shares of Common Stock equal to the aggregate number
       of shares of Common Stock the offeree has made a Commitment to purchase,
       multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the total amount the
       offeree has deposited in quarterly installments pursuant to Section 7(3)
       through the termination date and the denominator of which is the total
       purchase price under the Commitment.

    8.  ADJUSTMENT FOR CHANGES IN CAPITALIZATION.  Appropriate and equitable
adjustment shall be made in the maximum number of shares of Common Stock subject
to the Plan under Section 4 and, subject to Section 9, in the number, kind and
purchase price of shares of Common Stock subject to then outstanding Purchase
Rights to give effect to any changes in the outstanding Common Stock by reason
of any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, merger, consolidation,
reorganization, recapitalization or any other change in the capital structure of
the Company affecting the Common Stock after the effective date of the Plan.

    9.  CHANGE IN CONTROL; MERGER, ETC.

        (1) CHANGE IN CONTROL.  Upon the occurrence of any of the events listed
    below, each outstanding Purchase Right held by each offeree pursuant
    to this Plan shall become immediately exercisable for the full number of
    shares of Common Stock the offeree committed to purchase thereunder; such
    exercise may be made at any time beginning with the date of such event and
    ending with the original Exercise Date stated in the Purchase Right, but
    only upon payment of the full purchase price thereunder for the shares being
    acquired (to the extent not already deposited) and satisfaction of any other
    conditions to such exercise. An offeree shall have the opportunity to
    exercise a Purchase Right upon or after the occurrence of any such event
    only once, upon which exercise the Purchase Right shall terminate; the
    offeree may not so exercise a Purchase Right for fewer than the number of
    whole shares of Common Stock equal to the aggregate number of shares of
    Common Stock the offeree has made a Commitment to purchase, multiplied by a
    fraction, the numerator of which is the total amount the offeree has
    deposited in quarterly installments pursuant to Section 7(3) through the
    date of such termination and the denominator of which is the total purchase
    price under the Commitment. The events are as follows:

            (i) The sale by the Company of all or substantially all of its
       assets;

           (ii) Any of the following events if, immediately following such
       event, a majority of the Directors consists of persons who were not
       Directors immediately prior to the date of such event:

              (a) the sale of 50% or more of the outstanding shares of Common
          Stock of the Company in a single transaction;

              (b) the consummation of a tender offer (by a party other than the
          Company) for more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock
          of the Company; or

               (c) subject to Section 9(2) below, the consummation of a merger
          or consolidation involving the Company; or

                                      D-5
<PAGE>

           (iii) An election of new Directors if immediately following such
       election a majority of the Directors consists of persons who were not
       nominated by management to stand for election as Directors in such
       election.

        (2) WHERE COMPANY DOES NOT SURVIVE.  In the event of a merger or
    consolidation to which the Company is a party but is not the surviving
    company, the Committee in its discretion may vote to negate and give
    no effect to the acceleration of Purchase Rights pursuant to Section
    9(1)(ii)(c), but only if and to the extent that an executed agreement of
    merger or consolidation provides that the offeree holding such a Purchase
    Right shall receive the same merger consideration as the offeree would have
    received as a stockholder of the Company had the exercisability of the
    Purchase Right been accelerated in accordance with Section 9(1)(ii)(c) and
    the offeree properly exercised the Purchase Right immediately prior to the
    merger or consolidation and received the full number of shares the offeree
    committed to purchase thereunder.

        (3) LIQUIDATION OR DISSOLUTION.  The provisions of Section 8 and
    Subsections 9(1) and (2) shall not cause any Purchase Right to terminate
    other than upon its exercise or in accordance with other applicable
    provisions of the Plan. However, in the event of the liquidation or
    dissolution of the Company, the Exercise Date of each outstanding
    Purchase Right shall be the date of such liquidation or dissolution, the
    Purchase Right shall be exercised on that date in accordance with Section
    7(4), and the Purchase Right shall thereupon terminate, except to the extent
    otherwise specifically provided in the Purchase Right agreement evidencing
    the Purchase Right.

    10.  RIGHTS OF OFFEREES.  No Employee shall have a right to be granted a
Purchase Right or, having received a Purchase Right, a right again to be granted
a Purchase Right. An offeree shall have no rights as a stockholder with respect
to any shares of Common Stock covered by his or her Purchase Right until and
only to the extent that shares are properly acquired on the Exercise Date of the
Purchase Right. Nothing in this Plan or in any Purchase Right granted pursuant
to the Plan shall confer on any individual any right to continue in the employ
of the Company or any Subsidiary or interfere in any way with the right of the
Company or any Subsidiary to terminate or modify the terms or conditions of the
employment of the Purchase Right holder.

    11.  AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION OF THE PLAN.  The Board may at any time
amend, suspend or terminate the Plan in its discretion without further action on
the part of the stockholders of the Company, except that:

        (1)  no such amendment, suspension or termination of the Plan shall
    adversely affect or impair any then outstanding Purchase Right without the
    consent of the offeree holding the Purchase Right; and

        (2)  any such amendment, suspension or termination that requires
    approval by the stockholders of the Company to comply with applicable
    provisions of the Code, rules promulgated pursuant to
    Section 16 of the Exchange Act, applicable state law or NASD or exchange
    listing requirements shall be subject to approval by the stockholders of the
    Company within the applicable time period prescribed thereunder, and shall
    be null and void if such approval is not obtained.

                                      D-6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-11
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 11
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                       VARLEN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES            Exhibit 11
                        COMPUTATION OF PER SHARE EARNINGS            Page 1 of 2
                      (Thousands, Except Per Share Amounts)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                               For The Year Ended
                                                                              ----------------------------------------------------
Primary Earnings Per Share                                                       1/31/94             1/31/93             1/31/92
- --------------------------                                                    ------------        ------------        ------------
<S>                                                                           <C>                 <C>                 <C>
  Earnings before cumulative effect of change in
    accounting principle                                                      $     10,766               7,668        $      3,244

  Cumulative effect of change in accounting
    principle, net of income taxes                                                     ---              (1,351)                ---

  Proforma effect of applying accounting change
    retroactively                                                                      ---                 ---                 200
                                                                              ------------        ------------        ------------

  Net earnings                                                                $     10,766        $      6,317        $      3,444
                                                                              ------------        ------------        ------------
                                                                              ------------        ------------        ------------

Computation of the Weighted Average Number of
  Shares Outstanding as Used in the Primary
  Earnings Per Share Computation:

  Weighted average number of shares outstanding                                      4,815               6,748               6,736
                                                                              ------------       -------------        ------------
  Shares assumed issued under the treasury
    stock method                                                                       132                  63                   2

  Purchase of treasury stock                                                           ---                (133)                ---

  Weighted average number of shares outstanding, as adjusted                         4,947               6,678               6,738
                                                                              ------------        ------------        ------------
                                                                              ------------        ------------        ------------

Primary Earnings Per Share:

  Before accounting change                                                    $       2.18        $       1.15        $       0.48

  Accounting change                                                                    ---               (0.20)                ---

  Proforma effect of retroactive adoption of accounting principle                      ---                 ---                0.03
                                                                              ------------        ------------        ------------

  Net earnings                                                                $       2.18        $       0.95        $       0.51
                                                                              ------------        ------------        ------------
                                                                              ------------        ------------        ------------

Fully Diluted Earnings Per Share:
- --------------------------------

Reconciliation of net earnings per the financial statements
  to the amount used for the fully diluted computation:

  Earnings before cumulative effect of change in
    accounting principle                                                      $     10,766        $      7,668        $      3,244

  Add interest on 6 1/2% convertible subordinated
    debentures, net of income tax effects                                            1,874                 ---                 ---
                                                                              ------------        ------------        ------------

  Earnings before cumulative effect of change in
    accounting principle, as adjusted                                              12,640               7,668                3,244

  Cumulative effect of change in accounting
    principle, net of income taxes                                                     ---              (1,351)                ---

  Proforma effect of applying accounting change
    retroactively                                                                      ---                 ---                 200
                                                                              ------------        ------------        ------------

  Net earnings, as adjusted                                                   $     12,640        $      6,317        $      3,444
                                                                              ------------        ------------        ------------
                                                                              ------------        ------------        ------------
</TABLE>


<PAGE>

                       VARLEN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES            Exhibit 11
                        COMPUTATION OF PER SHARE EARNINGS            Page 2 of 2
                      (Thousands, Except Per Share Amounts)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>



                                                                                               For The Year Ended
                                                                              ----------------------------------------------------
                                                                                 1/31/94             1/31/93             1/31/92
                                                                              ------------        ------------        ------------
<S>                                                                           <C>                 <C>                 <C>
Computation of the Weighted Average Number of
  Shares Outstanding as Used in the Fully
  Diluted Earnings Per Share Computation:

  Weighted average number of shares outstanding                                      4,815               6,748               6,736

  Shares assumed issued under the treasury
    stock method                                                                       154                  63                   2

  Purchase of treasury stock                                                           ---                (133)                ---

  Shares issuable from assumed exercise of
    6 1/2% convertible subordinated debentures                                       1,694                 ---                 ---
                                                                              ------------        ------------        ------------

  Weighted average number of shares outstanding, as adjusted                         6,663               6,678               6,738
                                                                              ------------        ------------        ------------
                                                                              ------------        ------------        ------------

Fully Diluted Earnings Per Share:

  Before accounting change                                                    $       1.90        $       1.15        $       0.48

  Accounting change                                                                    ---               (0.20)                ---

  Proforma effect of retroactive adoption of accounting principle                      ---                 ---                0.03
                                                                              ------------        ------------        ------------

  Net earnings                                                                $       1.90        $       0.95        $       0.51
                                                                              -------------       ------------        ------------
                                                                              -------------       ------------        ------------

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 13
<TEXT>

<PAGE>


                               VARLEN CORPORATION








                                                                          ______
                                                                          ANNUAL
                                                                          REPORT
                                                                          1993









                                  MANUFACTURER
                                 OF ENGINEERED
                                    PRODUCTS



<PAGE>

VARLEN AT A GLANCE

TRANSPORTATION PRODUCTS

[Graphic]

RAILROAD SHOCK ABSORPTION PRODUCTS including hydraulic cushioning, draft gears
and elastomeric pads; hopper car outlet gates.

PRIMARY MARKETS:
Locomotive and railcar manufacturers, lessors, railroads, railcar maintenance
facilities; mine, mill, off-highway vehicle manufacturers. Domestic and
international markets.

[Graphic]

RAILROAD TRACK FASTENING SYSTEMS

PRIMARY MARKETS:

Railroads and track contractors. Domestic and international markets.

[Graphic]

TRUCK AND TRAILER HUBS. Aluminum permanent mold and die castings, fuel water
separators and structural foam plastic parts.

PRIMARY MARKETS:

Class 8 trucks, over the road trailers and office equipment manufacturers.

[Graphic]

PRECISION HIGH VOLUME STAMPED METAL COMPONENTS and automatic transmission
reaction plates.

PRIMARY MARKETS:

Original equipment automotive manufacturers and tier 1 suppliers to the
automotive industry. After-market transmission rebuilders. Parts are found on
cars, trucks and vans.

<PAGE>

LABORATORY AND OTHER PRODUCTS

[Graphic]

CONSTANT TEMPERATURE APPLIANCES including waterbaths, incubators, ovens,
autoclaves.

PRIMARY MARKETS:

Industrial, governmental, educational and clinical research and development
laboratories. Markets worldwide.

[Graphic]

LABORATORY INSTRUMENTS for physical property analysis of petroleum products.

PRIMARY MARKETS:

Quality control analysis for oil refineries, petro-chemical plants, petroleum
transporters and end users. Markets worldwide.

[Graphic]

PROCESS INSTRUMENTS For physical property analysis of petroleum products.

PRIMARY MARKETS:

Quality control and process analysis for oil refineries, petro-chemical plants,
petroleum transporters and end users. Markets worldwide.

[Graphic]

FABRICATED TUBULAR STEEL PRODUCTS.

PRIMARY MARKETS:

Household, institutional and juvenile furniture manufacturers, lawn and garden
and toy manufacturers.


<PAGE>

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

VARLEN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)                                    1993(a)             1992(a)              1991(a)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                     <C>                 <C>                  <C>
FOR THE YEAR
Net Sales  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  $291,908            $266,054             $230,517
Earnings Before Cumulative Effect of Change in
  Accounting Principle . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    10,766               7,668                3,444
Cumulative Effect of Change in Accounting Principle  . . . . . . . . .        --              (1,351)                  --
Net Earnings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    10,766               6,317                3,444
Earnings Before Cumulative Effect of Change in
  Accounting Principle as a Percent of Sales . . . . . . . . . . . . .      3.7%                2.9%                 1.5%
Return on Average Stockholders' Equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     18.0%                8.5%                 4.8%
Capital Expenditures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    11,240               9,567                7,949
Depreciation and Amortization  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    12,901              11,940               11,244
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
AT YEAR END
Working Capital  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $49,046             $39,570              $38,632
Net Property, Plant and Equipment  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    52,867              54,779               58,436
Total Debt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    72,820              74,679               63,261
Stockholders' Equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    63,644              53,788               73,031
Senior Debt as a Percent of Total Capitalization . . . . . . . . . . .      2.8%               58.1%                46.4%
Total Debt as a Percent of Total Capitalization  . . . . . . . . . . .     53.4%               58.1%                46.4%
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PER SHARE DATA
Primary:
  Earnings from Operations Before Cumulative
     Effect of Change in Accounting Principle. . . . . . . . . . . . .     $2.18               $1.15                $0.51
  Net Earnings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      2.18                0.95                 0.51
Fully Diluted:
  Earnings from Operations Before Cumulative
    Effect of Change in Accounting Principle . . . . . . . . . . . . .      1.90                1.15                 0.51
  Net Earnings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      1.90                0.95                 0.51
Dividends Declared . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      0.40                0.40                 0.40
Stockholders' Equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     13.13               11.33                10.84
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<FN>

(a) Throughout this report the years ended January 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992 are
    referred to as 1993, 1992, and 1991, respectively.  The per share data in
    1991 and 1992 reflect restatement for a 3 for 2 stock split effected in the
    form of a stock dividend in 1993.

</TABLE>

1993 SEGMENT RESULTS

1993 NET SALES
by Segment

Laboratory and
Other Products
24.8%

Transportation
Products
75.2%

[Graphic]

1993 OPERATING PROFIT
by Segment

Laboratory and
Other Products
6.6%

Transportation
Products
93.4%

[Graphic]


<PAGE>

NET SALES

[Graphic]

FULLY DILUTED E.P.S. FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS BEFORE ACCOUNTING CHANGE
[Graphic]

LETTER TO OUR SHAREOWNERS AND ASSOCIATES

Varlen had an active and very successful year in fiscal 1993.  We enjoyed record
sales and earnings, significantly strengthened our balance sheet and provided
for financial and operating flexibility that will allow for continued growth.
One of our key goals - increasing investor value - was achieved as Varlen
generated an 18 percent return on stockholders' equity and an 11 percent return
on invested capital.  Varlen's stock price reached record levels during the
year, ending 34 percent higher than on January 31, 1993.

RECORD RESULTS
Net income for fiscal 1993 increased 40 percent on a 10 percent increase in
sales, demonstrating Varlen's excellent operating leverage.  Record sales of
$292,000,000 generated record net income of $10,766,000, or $1.90 per share on a
fully diluted basis.  This compares very favorably to prior year results when
Varlen had sales of $266,000,000, earnings before the cumulative effect of a
change in accounting principle of $7,668,000, and earnings per share of $1.15.
     For the fourth quarter, sales increased 4 percent to $68,632,000. Net
income grew by 31 percent to $2,100,000, or $.37 per share (fully diluted).

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Led by the large truck/trailer and automotive markets, Varlen's transportation
segment increased operating earnings 47 percent on a 20 percent increase in
sales.  Strong market recovery, increased penetration and new products all
contributed to the success of this group.  The benefits of continuous
improvement programs and increased volume had a dramatic impact on operating
margins, in spite of unrelenting pressure on selling prices.
     Sales in Varlen's laboratory products segment contracted 13 percent in 1993
 and operating income fell 60 percent.  The decrease in earnings resulted from
the following charges and costs taken at our research laboratory appliance
business.  In the first quarter, costs and losses of $633,000 before income
taxes, were incurred relating to the sale of a facility.  In the third quarter,
a special pre-tax charge of $2,000,000 was taken as a result of actions,
including resizing, which were designed to return this operation to
profitability.
     On a more positive note, improved operating results from Varlen's petroleum
instrument business and tubular products company demonstrated the ability of
these businesses to perform well in weak markets.

STRENGTHENED BALANCE SHEET
During the year, the following financial transactions occurred:

- - Sold $69,000,000 of convertible subordinated debentures with a coupon rate of
6.5 percent, convertible into Varlen common stock at $27.33 per share.

- - Secured an $80,000,000 revolving credit agreement that is more flexible than
the one it replaced.

- - Generated $21,100,000 in cash from operations that was used to pay down
$11,100,000 in high fixed interest rate debt, to acquire a small petroleum
instrument company for $5,400,000 and to fund capital investment.

- - A record level of capital expenditures of $11,200,000 (depreciation
$10,300,000) was used principally for cost reductions, quality programs and
capacity increases.  For 1994,

[Photograph]

ERNEST H. LORCH AND RICHARD L. WELLEK.

<PAGE>

capital expenditures are budgeted at approximately $13,100,000 (depreciation
$11,400,000).
     Varlen ended the year with $5,200,000 in cash and short-term investments,
and no debt outstanding under the revolving credit agreement.  Our strengthened
balance sheet will allow us to continue our strategic objective - growing our
core businesses through internal expansion and by complimentary acquisitions.

STRATEGY FOR GROWTH
Varlen has grown over the years by both internal expansion and acquisition.
Whenever possible, we foster internal growth in all our core businesses by a
heavy commitment to product development, global market share gains and
continuous improvement programs aimed at lowering costs and improving quality.
We will also continue to support strategic growth by acquiring businesses that
enhance or expand our capabilities in core markets.
     The reverse side of our plan for focused growth is the shedding of
under-performing assets.  Operations that do not compliment our core markets or
do not meet minimum financial targets will be divested or liquidated.

OUTLOOK
A year ago we commented that Varlen was well-positioned and prepared for the
economic recovery that is now underway.  Some of our markets were stronger than
we anticipated in 1993, while others were weaker.  As we begin 1994, we remain
very optimistic about the future, but are not relaxing because of last year's
excellent results.  As we look ahead, we see many opportunities both
domestically and internationally.  But even with the economic climate improving,
operating a business will not become easier. Global competition, rising raw
material prices and customers' increased demands for better quality at lower
prices will mean that Varlen will have to quicken its already lively pace of
product development and continuous improvement programs.
     We anticipate further growth of our transportation segment as the large
truck/trailer, light vehicle and railroad markets remain strong.  Sales of
passenger vehicles are expected to grow five to seven percent in 1994.  While
the sales of large trucks may soften slightly from their high levels during
1993, we are planning for higher demand for our large-truck products because of
increased penetration of that market.  The railroad industry is coming off of a
record level of revenue ton miles in 1993 and, if industrial production
continues to expand, another record could be set in 1994.
     Our outlook for the laboratory products segment is cautiously optimistic.
Varlen's petroleum instrument businesses are positioned to improve on last
year's good performance because of new products and increased market
penetration, in spite of stagnant demand due to low oil prices.  Research and
development funds at pharmaceutical companies and life science research
institutions will remain weak in 1994.  As a result of the actions taken in
1993, the research laboratory appliance business should be able to operate at
least at break- even levels, even if market demand does not increase.  New
customers, new products and the benefit of last year's cost reduction programs
should allow our tubular products business to improve in 1994.
     All-in-all, your company is strong and well positioned for another year of
growth. On behalf of our management team and the Company's board of directors,
we extend our sincere appreciation for the support of our shareowners, the
dedication and hard work of our employees, and the loyalty of our customers and
suppliers.

Ernest H. Lorch
Chairman of the Board

Richard L. Wellek
President and Chief Executive Officer

March 7, 1994

NET EARNINGS

[Graphic]

RETURN ON AVERAGE STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

[Graphic]

TOTAL DEBT TO CAPITALIZATION

[Graphic]

BOOK VALUE PER SHARE

[Graphic]


<PAGE>

THE VARLEN MISSION

Varlen's primary objective is to increase the long-term value of its
shareowners' investment.  This will be achieved by building upon our employees'
creativity and their commitment to serving customers better and more efficiently
than our competitors do in the markets where Varlen chooses to compete.
     Varlen will invest resources in selected industrial markets where it has,
or can obtain, a leadership position; we will redeploy resources from markets
where we cannot.  We will continue to enhance our global presence.  Varlen's
engineered products for the niche markets in which it participates are
characterized by differentiable process technology employed in their manufacture
and/or superior performance attributes.  Our dedication to continuous
improvement will be unrelenting.



REVIEW OF OPERATIONS

TRANSPORTATION PRODUCTS

With a recovering economy and significant new programs, the Transportation
segment posted record revenues and earnings in 1993, and outperformed its
markets.
     The North American heavy-duty truck and trailer markets substantially
outpaced the economic recovery in 1993, and ended the year with manufacturer
backlogs strong enough to maintain high production schedules through the first
half of 1994.  With strong demand from Freightliner and Paccar - Class 8 truck
market leaders and our largest customers in this industry - Varlen's sales to
this market increased approximately 30 percent. The ability to actively support
our customers' development engineering initiatives led to breakthrough programs
to fuel growth and more than offset lower selling prices.  We also significantly
increased the penetration of our proprietary aluminum hubs in the

[Photograph]

Left to right: George W. Hoffman, Group Vice President, Raymond A. Jean,
Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer.

<PAGE>

[Photograph]

trailer market.  As truckers continuously push to increase their payload
capacity and reduce operating expenses, demand increases for our lightweight
aluminum and plastic components.  Although these markets may pull back slightly
in the second half as pent-up replacement demand is satisfied, further
penetration gains should allow us to keep growing during 1994.
     North American light vehicle production rebounded sharply in 1993 to 13.6
million vehicles, up approximately 13 percent over 1992.  With light trucks and
sport utility vehicles, a strong portion of the market for us, capturing a
larger share of industry sales - Varlen sales increased approximately 17
percent.  The industry entered 1994 with considerable momentum, and most
analysts are forecasting growth of about 7 percent.  Based upon this industry
growth and the start-up of new programs with which we are associated, we expect
to again outperform the market in 1994.  In the face of selling price erosion,
accelerating the pace of process improvement and other manufacturing engineering
productivity initiatives remains a business imperative.

TRANSPORTATION PRODUCTS

NET SALES
TRANSPORTATION PRODUCTS

[Graphic]

OPERATING PROFIT
TRANSPORTATION PRODUCTS

[Graphic]

<PAGE>

[Photograph]

VARLEN IS THE LEADING MANUFACTURER OF ALUMINUM AXLE HUBS FOR HEAVY DUTY TRUCKS
AND TRAILERS.

THE LATEST ENGINEERING TECHNIQUES ARE USED TO SPEED NEW PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT.

     Railroads have become a far more productive industry by hauling more
freight with fewer employees, trains and miles of track, and their resurgence
bodes well for Varlen's sales growth in this market. Revenue ton-miles increased
3.1 percent in 1993, while Varlen's sales to this industry increased
approximately 10 percent.  Additional growth is anticipated in 1994 with new car
 builds and aftermarket demand for shock control devices projected to increase.
Our nation's railroads are placing a stronger focus on their customers' needs,
and to do so requires improved and more reliable rolling stock and track beds.
Varlen's technology leadership across its product lines enables it to provide
customers with the products they require for continued growth.  Also, we will
continue an aggressive program of strengthening our international reach by
introducing five new products for the European market.

LABORATORY AND OTHER PRODUCTS

     In 1993, a weak market for constant temperature appliances used by R&D
laboratories and slightly reduced sales of tubular components coupled with flat
sales to the petroleum industry caused a decline in sales in this segment.

<PAGE>

[Photograph]

LABORATORY AND OTHER PRODUCTS

NET SALES
LABORATORY AND OTHER PRODUCTS

[Graphic]

OPERATING PROFIT
LABORATORY AND OTHER PRODUCTS

[Graphic]

     For 1994, continued low crude oil prices could have a dampening effect on
the petroleum industry.  However, if demand from Asia, the former Soviet Union
and Eastern Europe remains strong, the U.S. economy strengthens, and with the
full year impact of our latest acquisition in this market - Alcor - results
should improve further.  In addition, eight new or enhanced analyzers will be
introduced for the petroleum industry in 1994.  These products, for both
in-process measurement and laboratory verification of the physical properties of
petroleum products, are designed to increase our customers' productivity and
improve quality control.  We also plan to intensify our efforts toward
strengthening our global distribution channel to this industry.
     The uncertainty surrounding health care, weak international markets, and
the downsizing of the defense sector will continue to dampen demand for research
laboratory equipment.  Last year, we divested a facility and resized another to
substantially lower its break-even point.  With its lower cost position, an
improved product offering, and new marketing programs, this unit is positioned
to return to profitability.

<PAGE>

[Photograph]

VARLEN'S HYDRAVLIC CUSHIONING PRODUCTS PROTECT FREIGHT CARS AND THEIR CARGO FROM
HIGH IMPACT FORCES.

INSTRUMENTS TO TEST JET FUEL ARE MANUFACTURED BY ALCOR, VARLEN'S LATEST
AQUISITION.

     Revenues at our tubular components business were down slightly in 1993 as
demand in two market segments shifted away from metal tubing.  However, by
consolidating production into one facility, operating profits improved.  During
1994, new products will be introduced, new customers added, and with the broad
based improvement in the consumer markets we serve in this business, we
anticipate substantially improved results.

OPERATING COMMITMENT

     Achieving continuous productivity gains through new/redesigned products,
new processes, and involved people will be our key to sustained profitable
growth in the 1990's.  Varlen may serve mature markets, but with a customer
driven, innovative attitude, we see many opportunities for Varlen to grow, both
domestically and internationally.

<PAGE>

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
(YEAR ENDED JANUARY 31, 1994 (1993) AS COMPARED TO THE YEAR ENDED JANUARY 31,
1993 (1992)

OVERVIEW
     The Company designs, manufactures and markets a diverse range of products
in its transportation products and laboratory and other products business
segments.  These products are marketed to the railroad, heavy duty truck and
trailer and automotive industries, as well as to the life sciences research,
petroleum and consumer products industries.  The demand for the Company's
products is affected by economic conditions in the United States and
internationally.  The Company's manufacturing operations have a significant
fixed cost component.  Accordingly, during periods of changing product demand
the profitability of many of the Company's operations will change
proportionately more than revenues of such operations.

OPERATIONS
     The Company's sales for fiscal 1993 were $291.9 million, up $25.8 million
or 9.7% from sales of $266.1 million in 1992.  Sales increased in the
transportation segment where all businesses exceeded prior year, but declined in
the laboratory and other products segment.
     Net earnings were $10.8 million or $2.18 per share on a primary basis and
$1.90 on a fully diluted basis.  This represented a 40.4% increase over the $7.7
million or $1.15 per share on a primary and fully diluted basis before the
cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle in 1992.  Net earnings in
1992 were $6.3 million or $.95 per share on both a primary and fully diluted
basis after reflecting an after tax charge of $1.4 million to adopt Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for
Post-Retirement Benefits Other Than Pensions".
     Third quarter 1993 results included a special pre-tax charge of $2.0
million ($1.1 million after tax) taken against the Company's research laboratory
appliance products operation.  The impact of this charge on net earnings per
share was $.22 on a primary basis and $.15 on a fully diluted basis.  The charge
reflects costs incurred in connection with a work force reduction, installation
of a new management team, valuation of certain inventory and other realignments
designed to resize this unit and return it to profitability.
     Per share amounts in 1993 were positively affected by the repurchase of
approximately 30% of the Company's outstanding common stock from its founding
stockholder in January, 1993.

TRANSPORTATION PRODUCTS
     Transportation products revenues increased 20% to $219.5 million, as
compared to $182.9 million in 1992.  All operating units in this segment had
higher sales than during the prior year's period,  as a result of increased
customer demand and new products.  Operating profit was $27.9 million (12.7% of
segment sales) a 47% increase over the $19.0 million (10.4% of segment sales)
during 1992.  Cost reduction programs and higher product sales resulted in
improved plant utilization and increased profitability.
     Heavy duty truck and trailer industry sales were substantially higher in
the 1993 period than in the prior year, and the Company benefitted from this
improvement.  In addition, the Company benefitted as its largest heavy duty
truck customer maintained its number one market share position during 1993.
Automotive industry sales, particularly light truck sales, increased during 1993
over the year earlier period, as did sales at the Company's automotive parts
operation.  The Company also benefitted from a full year of production of a
popular new platform of automobiles by its second largest automotive customer.
Demand for the Company's railroad products increased as railroad revenue ton
miles and new freight car builds increased over 1992.  Despite volume increases,
the transportation products segment continued to experience sales price
reductions.

LABORATORY AND OTHER PRODUCTS
     Sales in the laboratory and other products segment for 1993 declined to
$72.4 million compared to $83.2 million in 1992.  The decline in revenues in
this segment occurred in the laboratory appliance business which provides
products to life science research and development laboratories.  The combination
of the European recession, delays in releasing government funding and
uncertainty about health care legislation depressed demand for

<PAGE>

[Photograph]

RICHARD A. NUNEMAKER
VICE PRESIDENT, FINANCE AND CFO

equipment used in life science research.  Additionally, a small laboratory
appliance facility that had sales of approximately $9.5 million in 1992 was sold
at the beginning of the second quarter of 1993.  Sales elsewhere in the segment
were similar year to year.
     Operating profit for the laboratory and other products segment decreased to
$2.0 million (2.7% of segment sales) compared to $4.9 million (5.9% of segment
sales) in the prior year's period.  Operating profit in 1993 was affected by the
previously discussed $2.0 million charge taken against the research laboratory
products operation.  Additionally, in the first quarter of 1993, operating
profits included $.6 million of pre-tax costs and losses related to the
operation and disposition of the small laboratory products facility discussed
above. Improved profits at the tubular metal goods and petroleum analysis
instrument business in 1993 were more than offset by operating losses at the
laboratory appliance operation. During 1993, foreign currency fluctuations had a
$1.1 million negative impact on segment sales and a $.2 million negative impact
on operating profit compared to 1992.

COST OF SALES
     Consolidated gross margin increased to 24.0% in 1993 from 23.8% in 1992.
The transportation products segment gross margin increased.  This increase
resulted from increased sales and lower operating costs due to ongoing cost
reduction programs partially offset by selling price reductions particularly in
the railroad products business which had a declining  gross margin as a
percentage of sales.  The gross margin of the laboratory and other products
segment declined to 27.4% during 1993 compared to 27.6% in the prior year.  The
laboratory appliance business had a lower gross margin in 1993 due to the $2.0
million charge previously discussed.  However, at the petroleum analysis
instrument operations, gross margin as a percent of sales increased.  During
1993, raw material costs in both segments were relatively unchanged except for a
decrease in aluminum prices and increases in most steel products, particularly
in the latter part of the year.

SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE
     Selling, general and administrative expenses of $45.1 million in 1993 as a
percentage of sales were 15.5%, down from the 1992 level of 16.6% of sales.  In
the transportation products segment, selling, general and administrative
expenses as a percent of sales declined versus 1992 due to increased sales while
the dollar amount of these expenses increased approximately 4.7%.  In the
laboratory and other products segment, selling, general and administrative
expenses as a percent of sales increased during 1993 compared to 1992
principally as a result of the $2.0 million charge at the laboratory appliance
business.

INTEREST EXPENSE AND INCOME TAXES
     Gross interest expense for 1993 was $6.3 million compared to $4.9 million
for the prior year's period.  Interest expense reflected lower interest rates on
higher average borrowings.  During the fourth quarter of 1992, the Company
increased its borrowings to finance a repurchase of approximately 30% of its
common stock from its founding stockholder.
     Income taxes were provided at an effective rate of 42.5% in 1993 and 46.7%
in 1992.  The higher than statutory federal rate reflects non-deductible
goodwill amortization, higher taxes on foreign operations and state income
taxes.  The effective tax rate declined in 1993 principally as a result of
higher consolidated pre-tax earnings and a reduction in the statutory tax rates
in Germany offset partially by United States statutory tax rate increases.

FOURTH QUARTER
     Sales for the fourth quarter of 1993 were $68.6 million, up 3.8% from the
$66.1 million reported in 1992.  Sales in the transportation products segment
increased as strong customer demand in the heavy duty truck and automotive
industries continued, while sales in the laboratory and other products segment
were down principally as the result of the sale of the previously discussed
facility in 1993.
     Net earnings were $2.1 million or $.41 per share primary ($.37 fully
diluted) in 1993's fourth quarter compared to $1.6 million or $.25 per share in
the year ago period. In 1993, the laboratory and other products segment's
profitability increased principally due to lower operating losses at the
laboratory appliance and tubular metal goods

<PAGE>

operations.  In the transportation products segment, operating profit was flat
as the heavy duty truck and automotive operating profit increases were offset by
lower earnings at the railroad businesses.  Interest expense increased due to
higher average borrowings resulting in earnings before income taxes being flat
year to year.  The effective income tax rate in the fourth quarter of 1993 was
significantly lower than in the 1992 period.

CAPITAL RESOURCES AND LIQUIDITY
     During the three year period ended January 31, 1994, the Company generated
$55.8 million of cash from operating activities.  As of January 31, 1994, the
Company's working capital was $49.0 million, its total assets were $186.3
million, its total debt, excluding current portion, was $72.7 million and its
stockholders' equity was $63.6 million.
     Investing activities during the three year period ended January 31, 1994
included capital expenditures of $28.8 million.  These expenditures were
primarily for machinery and equipment to support new products and to improve
operating efficiency. At January 31, 1994 the Company did not have any material
commitments for capital expenditures. During the second quarter of 1993, a small
facility was sold for cash plus an interest bearing note.
     On May 27, 1993, the Company publicly issued $60 million of its 6.5%
Convertible Subordinated Debentures Due 2003, the proceeds of which were used to
reduce indebtedness under the revolving credit facility.  On June 18, 1993, an
additional $9 million of the same debentures were issued pursuant to an
over-allotment option granted to the underwriter of the debentures.  To support
its investing activities, the Company entered into a new $80 million revolving
credit agreement in the fourth quarter of 1993 which expires on December 6,
1997.  This credit facility will be used by the Company as the principal source
of acquisition funding.  At January 31, 1994, the Company had no debt
outstanding under this credit facility.  The percentage of debt to total
capitalization at January 31, 1994 was 53.4%, down from 58.1% at January 31,
1993. The Company believes that internally generated funds will be sufficient to
satisfy its anticipated working capital needs, capital expenditures and
scheduled debt repayments.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
(YEAR ENDED JANUARY 31, 1993 (1992) AS COMPARED TO THE YEAR ENDED JANUARY 31,
1992 (1991)
     Sales for 1992 were $266.1 million, up $35.6 million or 15.4% from 1991
sales of $230.5 million.  Sales increased in both business segments with the
transportation products segment accounting for most of the revenue increase.
Sales in all transportation products businesses and certain laboratory and other
products businesses exceeded the prior year.
     Earnings before the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle
were $7.7 million or $1.15 per share for 1992, a 123% increase over the prior
year's results of $3.4 million or $.51 per share.  Following the trend in
revenues, the transportation products segment had a significant improvement in
operating profit while the profit increase in the laboratory and other products
segment was marginal.  Net earnings in 1992 were $6.3 million or $.95 per share
after reflecting an after tax charge of $1.4 million to adopt Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for
Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions".  The impact of this Statement is
further discussed in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements.
     Transportation products revenues were $182.9 million, a 22.8% increase over
the prior year's revenues of $148.9 million.  All operating units in this
segment had higher sales than during the prior year's period, primarily as a
result of increased customer demand.  Additionally, all units introduced new
products during the year.  Operating profit for 1992 increased 51.8% to $19.0
million (10.4% of segment sales) compared to $12.5 million (8.4% of segment
sales) in the 1991 period, as higher product sales resulted in improved plant
utilization and increased profitability.
     Railroad revenue ton miles and car loadings increased during 1992, which
spurred demand for the Company's railroad products.  Sales of products for new
rail cars and aftermarket sales for refurbishing existing rail cars increased
compared to the prior year.  Heavy duty truck and trailer industry sales were
also higher than in the prior year and the Company benefitted from this
improvement.  In addition, the Company benefitted as its largest

<PAGE>

heavy duty truck customer continued to gain market share during this period.
Automotive sales, particularly light truck sales, increased during this period
over the year earlier period, as did sales at the Company's automotive parts
operations.  Despite volume increases, the transportation products segment was
not able to increase selling prices, and in some cases experienced price
reductions.
     Sales in the laboratory and other products segment were $83.2 million, a
1.9% increase over 1991.  A revenue decline in the Company's tubular steel
components operation was offset by increased laboratory products sales.
Comparing 1992 to 1991, currency fluctuations resulted in an increase in sales
and operating profit within this segment of approximately $1.0 million and
$175,000, respectively.
     Operating profit for the laboratory and other products segment in 1992
increased 1.5% to $4.9 million (5.9% of segment sales) compared to $4.8 million
(5.9% of segment sales) in the prior year.  The Company's laboratory appliance
operations benefitted from the Company's program to rationalize the
manufacturing processes of these operations, resulting in better plant
utilization despite lower customer demand in the last half of the year.  In
1991, the Company combined production from a plant acquired in 1990 with its
existing laboratory appliance operations and vacated the acquired facility,
which was sold in March 1992.  The Company's petroleum analysis instrument
operations had lower operating profit compared to the prior year because of
increased product development and engineering costs, partially offset by foreign
currency translation gains.  Operating profit at the tubular steel components
operation declined, yet remained profitable.
     Consolidated gross margin increased to 23.8% in 1992 from 21.9% in 1991.
This increase was broad based across most businesses in both business segments;
however, the transportation products segment provided the majority of this
increase.  In 1992, the Company's consolidated gross margin was positively
affected by increased sales and lower operating costs which resulted from the
Company's ongoing cost reduction programs.  In the laboratory and other products
business segment, the improved plant utilization and rationalization of
manufacturing processes discussed above positively affected full year gross
margins, although in the fourth quarter laboratory apparatus margins declined
due to lower plant throughput.  Hourly labor rates in 1992 were not
significantly higher than those in 1991.  Raw material costs were relatively
unchanged from the prior year's period, with the exception of aluminum prices
which decreased approximately 8%.  However, near the end of 1992, lead times
from vendors for certain raw materials increased, which often is followed by
price increases.
     Selling, general and administrative expenses in 1992 as a percentage of
sales were 16.6% compared to 16.3% in the prior year.  During the fourth quarter
the Company expensed costs incurred with an unsuccessful 1992 primary and
secondary public offering of common stock.  Despite a 22.8% revenue increase,
selling, general and administrative expenses of the transportation products
segment as a percent of sales were essentially unchanged and did not decline due
to several factors.  The railroad products businesses incurred increased
expenses in support of product and market development, particularly related to
developing products for international markets.  The Company's automotive parts
operation incurred costs during this period as it replaced its independent sales
representatives with a direct sales force.  Within the laboratory and other
products segment, selling, general and administrative expenses as a percent of
sales were up as a result of increased expenditures for product development and
engineering in the Company's petroleum analysis instrument operations and costs
to be incurred in the closure of a small manufacturing facility producing steel
tubing.
     Gross interest expense for 1992 was $4.9 million compared to $5.8 million
in the prior year.  Interest expense declined due to lower borrowings, reduced
domestic interest rates and less dependence on higher rate
deutschemark-denominated debt.
     Income taxes were provided at an effective rate of 46.7% for 1992 compared
to 53.0% in 1991.  The higher than statutory federal rate reflects
non-deductible goodwill amortization, higher taxes on foreign operations and
state income taxes.

<PAGE>

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

ERNEST H. LORCH, AGE 61 -
*Of Counsel to Whitman Breed Abbott &
Morgan, Attorneys
Director of EnviroSource, Inc.
Director of Tyler Corporation

RUDOLPH GRUA, AGE 65 +
*President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of General Binding Corporation

L. WILLIAM MILES, AGE 60 -
*Vice President for Administration, Fairfield University, Connecticut

GREG A. ROSENBAUM, AGE 41 -  +
*President, Palisades Associates, Inc.
Director of Richey Electronics, Inc.

THEODORE A. RUPPERT, AGE 63 +
*General Partner, Village Development Chairman of Pioneer Bank and Trust and
Director of Glaize Development

RICHARD L. WELLEK, AGE 55
*President and Chief Executive Officer

*    Principal Occupation
+    Member Audit Committee
- -    Member Compensation Committee


OFFICERS

ERNEST H. LORCH, AGE 61
Chairman (1985); B.A. Middlebury College; J.D. University of Virginia

RICHARD L. WELLEK, AGE 55
President and Chief Executive Officer (1983); Formerly Group Executive -- Metals
(1983); National Metalwares, Inc. subsidiary (1968-1983); President (1980-1983);
Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer (1977-1980); Vice President
(1972-1977); B.S. Industrial Management University of Illinois

RAYMOND A. JEAN, AGE 51
Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer (1993); Group Vice
President (1988-1992); Formerly Pneumo/Abex Corp., Vice President -- Fluid Power
Group (1987-1988); President Railroad Products Division (1987); Vice President
and General Manager Trackwork Division (1983-1987); B.S. Engineering Physics
University of Maine; MBA University of Chicago

GEORGE W. HOFFMAN, AGE 53
Group Vice President (1990); President Keystone Railway Equipment Company
subsidiary (1984); Formerly Executive Vice President, Vice President Operations
(1979-1984); Director of Manufacturing NL Industries, Titanium Pigment Division
(1976-1979); B.S. Chemical Engineering University of Pittsburgh

RICHARD A. NUNEMAKER, AGE 45
Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer (1991); Vice President,
Controller (1987); Corporate Controller (1986); Formerly Diversifoods, Inc. Vice
President and Controller (1984-1986); Esmark, Inc. Assistant Controller
(1980-1984); B.S. Accountancy; M.A.S. University of Illinois, C.P.A.

STEPHEN A. MAGIDA, AGE 50
Secretary (1984);
Partner in the Law Firm of Dechert Price & Rhoads (1991); Partner in the Law
Firm of Olwine, Connelly, Chase, O'Donnell & Weyher (1980-1991); B.S. Economics
Wharton School; LL.B. Columbia Law School

GENERAL INFORMATION

GENERAL COUNSEL
Dechert Price & Rhoads
477 Madison Avenue
New York, New York 10022

TRANSFER AGENT
Harris Trust & Savings Bank
111 West Monroe Street
Chicago, Illinois 60690

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
Deloitte & Touche
Two Prudential Plaza
180 North Stetson Avenue
Chicago, Illinois 60601


SHARES LISTED
Varlen Corporation common stock is traded on the NASDAQ National Market under
the symbol VRLN and its 6 1/2 percent convertible subordinated debentures are
traded on the NASDAQ SmallCap Market under the symbol VRLNG.

INFORMATION CONTACT:
Richard A. Nunemaker
Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer
55 Shuman Boulevard
P.O. Box 3089
Naperville, Illinois 60566-7089
(708) 420-0400

ANNUAL MEETING
The Annual Meeting of Stockholders will be held at 10 a.m. (local time) Tuesday,
May 24, 1994 at the Hyatt Lisle
1400 Corporetum Drive
Lisle, Illinois 60532

FORM 10-K:
Stockholders may obtain a copy of Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 1994
as filed by the Company with the SEC without charge by addressing a written
request to Richard A. Nunemaker, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial
Officer, Varlen Corporation at the corporate office.

<PAGE>

OPERATING DIVISIONS AND SUBSIDIARIES

[Logo]

ALCOR PETROLEUM INSTRUMENTS, INC.
San Antonio, Texas

[Logo]

CONSOLIDATED METCO, INC.
Portland, Oregon
Cashiers, North Carolina
Clackamas, Oregon
Monroe, North Carolina

[Logo]

WALTER HERZOG GMBH
Lauda, Germany (2)

[Logo]

KEYSTONE RAILWAY
EQUIPMENT COMPANY
Camp Hill, Pennsylvania
McPherson, Kansas

[Logo]

MEANS INDUSTRIES, INC.
Saginaw, Michigan
Melvindale, Michigan
Vassar, Michigan

[Logo]

NATIONAL METALWARES, INC.
Aurora, Illinois

[Logo]

PRECISION SCIENTIFIC
PETROLEUM INSTRUMENTS
COMPANY
Bellwood, Illinois

[Logo]

PRECISION SCIENTIFIC, INC.
Chicago, Illinois

[Logo]

UNIT RAIL ANCHOR COMPANY
Atchison, Kansas

[Logo]

VARLEN CORPORATION
55 Shuman Blvd.
P.O. Box 3089
Naperville, Illinois 60566-7089
(708) 420-0400



<PAGE>

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS


SUMMARY OF OPERATIONS
VARLEN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)                           1993          1992*         1991*         1990*         1989*
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS:
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                           <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
Net sales  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  $291,908      $266,054      $230,517      $242,786      $226,741
                                                              --------      --------      --------      --------      --------
Earnings from continuing operations
  before income taxes  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    18,723        14,374         7,334        10,213        17,847
Income tax expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     7,957         6,706         3,890         4,528         7,552
                                                              --------      --------      --------      --------      --------
Earnings from continuing operations before
  cumulative effect of change in accounting principle  . . .    10,766         7,668         3,444         5,685        10,295
Discontinued operations less applicable income taxes . . . .        --            --            --            --           288
Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle  . . . .        --        (1,351)           --            --        (1,813)
                                                              --------      --------      --------      --------      --------
Net earnings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  $ 10,766      $  6,317      $  3,444      $  5,685      $  8,770
                                                              --------      --------      --------      --------      --------
                                                              --------      --------      --------      --------      --------
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Gross profit as a percent of sales . . . . . . . . . . . . .     24.0%         23.8%         21.9%         22.0%         22.5%
Earnings from continuing operations before cumulative effect
  of change in accounting principle as a percent of sales. .      3.7%          2.9%          1.5%          2.3%          4.5%
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Effective tax rate for continuing operations before
  cumulative effect of change in accounting principle. . . .     42.5%         46.7%         53.0%         44.3%         42.3%
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Per share data--primary:
  Earnings from continuing operations before cumulative
   effect of change in accounting principle  . . . . . . . .  $   2.18      $   1.15      $   0.51      $   0.84      $   1.53
  Net earnings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      2.18          0.95          0.51          0.84          1.30
Per share data--fully diluted:
  Earnings from continuing operations before cumulative
   effect of change in accounting principle  . . . . . . . .      1.90          1.15          0.51          0.84          1.53
  Net earnings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      1.90          0.95          0.51          0.84          1.30
Dividends declared . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      0.40          0.40          0.40          0.40          0.40
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Weighted average number of shares-primary  . . . . . . . . .     4,947         6,678         6,738         6,734         6,728
Weighted average number of shares-fully diluted. . . . . . .     6,663         6,678         6,738         6,734         6,728
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

</TABLE>

SUMMARY OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
VARLEN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)                           1993          1992*         1991*         1990*         1989*
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BALANCE SHEET DATA:
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                           <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
Total assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  $186,264      $180,666      $182,279      $185,081      $156,351
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Working capital  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  $ 49,046      $ 39,570      $ 38,632      $ 38,120      $ 36,615
  Ratios:
    Current assets to current liabilities  . . . . . . . . .     2.4/1         1.9/1         2.0/1         2.0/1         2.2/1
    Average inventory turnover . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       6.1           5.7           5.0           5.1           5.6
    Average accounts receivable turnover . . . . . . . . . .       8.1           7.5           7.3           8.0           8.5
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net property, plant and equipment  . . . . . . . . . . . . .  $ 52,867      $ 54,779      $ 58,436      $ 59,576      $ 50,360
Capital expenditures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    11,240         9,567         7,949         8,177         8,928
Depreciation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    10,295         9,488         8,794         7,766         5,812
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Debt:
  Senior debt  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  $  3,820      $ 74,679      $ 63,261      $ 68,543      $ 47,194
  Senior debt as a percent of total capitalization . . . . .      2.8%         58.1%         46.4%         48.7%         40.6%
  Total debt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  $ 72,820      $ 74,679      $ 63,261      $ 68,543      $ 47,194
  Total debt as a percent of total capitalization  . . . . .     53.4%         58.1%         46.4%         48.7%         40.6%
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Stockholders' equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  $ 63,644      $ 53,788      $ 73,031      $ 72,075      $ 68,971
Stockholders' equity per share . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     13.13         11.33         10.84         10.71         10.25
Return on average stockholders' equity . . . . . . . . . . .     18.0%          8.5%          4.8%          8.1%         13.8%
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<FN>
* The per share data and weighted average number of shares outstanding were
  restated for a 3 for 2 stock split effected in the form of a stock dividend in
  1993.

</TABLE>

<PAGE>

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

VARLEN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES                                                            YEAR ENDED JANUARY 31
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)                                                    1994           1993           1992
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                    <C>            <C>            <C>
Net sales  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $291,908       $266,054       $230,517
  Cost of sales  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    221,988        202,829        180,000
                                                                                       --------       --------       --------
Gross profit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     69,920         63,225         50,517
  Selling, general and administrative expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     45,087         44,021         37,557
                                                                                       --------       --------       --------
Earnings before interest and income taxes  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     24,833         19,204         12,960
  Interest expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     (6,332)        (4,867)        (5,805)
  Interest income  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        222             37            179
                                                                                       --------       --------       --------
Earnings before income taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     18,723         14,374          7,334
  Income tax expense (note 9)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      7,957          6,706          3,890
                                                                                       --------       --------       --------
Earnings before cumulative effect of change in accounting principle  . . . . . . . .     10,766          7,668          3,444
Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle,
  net of income taxes of $808 (note 11). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         --         (1,351)            --
                                                                                       --------       --------       --------
Net earnings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $ 10,766       $  6,317       $  3,444
                                                                                       --------       --------       --------
                                                                                       --------       --------       --------
Weighted average number of shares--primary . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      4,947          6,678          6,738
                                                                                       --------       --------       --------
                                                                                       --------       --------       --------
Weighted average number of shares--fully diluted . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      6,663          6,678          6,738
                                                                                       --------       --------       --------
                                                                                       --------       --------       --------
Primary earnings per share:
  Earnings before change in accounting principle . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $   2.18       $   1.15       $   0.51
  Change in accounting principle . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         --          (0.20)            --
                                                                                       --------       --------       --------
    Net earnings per share . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $   2.18       $   0.95       $   0.51
                                                                                       --------       --------       --------
                                                                                       --------       --------       --------
Fully diluted earnings per share:
  Earnings before change in accounting principle . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $   1.90       $   1.15       $   0.51
  Change in accounting principle . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         --          (0.20)            --
                                                                                       --------       --------       --------
    Net earnings per share . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $   1.90       $   0.95       $   0.51

                                                                                       --------       --------       --------
                                                                                       --------       --------       --------
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

</TABLE>

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                         Deferred                      Total
                                                           Additional                      stock                      stock-
                                                 Common      paid-in       Retained       compen-      Treasury      holders'
(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)             stock      capital       earnings       sation         stock        equity
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                              <C>       <C>             <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
Balance at February 1, 1991  . . . . . . . .       $449       $12,139       $59,487        $   --        $   --       $72,075
Issuance of common stock under options . . .         --           127            --            --            --           127
Net earnings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         --            --         3,444            --            --         3,444
Cash dividends ($.40 per share)  . . . . . .         --            --        (2,695)           --            --        (2,695)
Currency translation adjustments--unrealized         --            --            80            --            --            80
                                               --------      --------      --------      --------      --------      --------
Balance at January 31, 1992  . . . . . . . .        449        12,266        60,316            --            --        73,031
Issuance of common stock under options . . .          3           491            --            --            --           494
Net earnings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         --            --         6,317            --            --         6,317
Cash dividends ($.40 per share)  . . . . . .         --            --        (2,499)           --            --        (2,499)
Purchase of 2,033 shares of
  common stock (note 14) . . . . . . . . . .         --            --            --            --       (23,155)      (23,155)
Currency translation adjustments--unrealized         --            --          (400)           --            --          (400)
                                               --------      --------      --------      --------      --------      --------
Balance at January 31, 1993  . . . . . . . .        452        12,757        63,734            --       (23,155)       53,788
Issuance of common stock under options . . .          1           309           (71)           --           892         1,131
Deferred incentive stock purchase plan . . .         --         2,577        (1,550)       (1,027)           --            --
Amortization of deferred stock compensation          --            --            --           103            --           103
Cash received on stock subscriptions . . . .         --            --           222            --            --           222
3 for 2 stock split (note 14)  . . . . . . .         30            --       (22,293)           --        22,263            --
Issuance of common stock for the purchase
  of business (note 2) . . . . . . . . . . .          2           497            --            --            --           499
Net earnings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         --            --        10,766            --            --        10,766
Cash dividends ($.40 per share)  . . . . . .         --            --        (1,927)           --            --        (1,927)
Additional minimum pension liability . . . .         --            --          (194)           --            --          (194)
Currency translation adjustments--unrealized         --            --          (744)           --            --          (744)
                                               --------      --------      --------      --------      --------      --------
Balance at January 31, 1994  . . . . . . . .       $485       $16,140       $47,943        $ (924)       $   --       $63,644
                                               --------      --------      --------      --------      --------      --------
                                               --------      --------      --------      --------      --------      --------
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.


<PAGE>

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
VARLEN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES                                              JANUARY 31
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)                                    1994            1993
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Assets:
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                       <C>             <C>
Current assets:
  Cash . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    $  5,168        $  1,292
  Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful
   accounts of $1,207 and $1,826 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      35,455          38,141
  Inventories (note 1):
   Raw materials . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      12,594          12,416
   Work in process . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      13,228          13,440
   Finished goods  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      11,245           9,389
                                                                          --------        --------
                                                                            37,067          35,245
                                                                          --------        --------
  Deferred and refundable income taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       4,095           4,138
  Other current assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       2,621           2,458
  Net current assets of discontinued operations (note 3) . . . . . . .         169             246
                                                                          --------        --------
Total current assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      84,575          81,520
                                                                          --------        --------
Property, plant and equipment (note 6):
  Land . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       3,008           3,624
  Buildings  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      22,465          23,575
  Machinery and equipment  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      81,227          72,446
                                                                          --------        --------
                                                                           106,700          99,645
  Less accumulated depreciation  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      53,833          44,866
                                                                          --------        --------
                                                                            52,867          54,779
                                                                          --------        --------
Goodwill and other intangible assets, less accumulated
  amortization of $12,491 and $10,123  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      45,829          42,009
Other assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       2,461           1,500
Net non-current assets of discontinued operations (note 3) . . . . . .         532             858
                                                                          --------        --------
                                                                          $186,264        $180,666
                                                                          --------        --------
                                                                          --------        --------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY:
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Current liabilities:
  Current maturities of long-term debt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    $    122        $  3,731
  Accounts payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      16,784          17,531
  Accrued expenses (note 7)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      18,230          17,971
  Income taxes payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         393           2,717
                                                                           -------         -------
Total current liabilities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      35,529          41,950
                                                                           -------         -------
Long-term debt:
  Convertible subordinated debentures  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      69,000              --
  Other long-term debt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       3,698          70,948
                                                                           -------         -------
Total long-term debt (notes 6 and 14)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      72,698          70,948
                                                                           -------         -------
Deferred income taxes  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       5,217           6,094
Other liabilities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       9,176           7,886
Stockholders' equity (notes 6, 12 and 14):
  Preferred stock, par value $1.00 per share; authorized
   500 shares, issuable in series; none issued . . . . . . . . . . . .          --              --
  Common stock, par value $.10 per share; authorized
   20,000 shares; issued: 4,846 (1/31/94) and 6,780 (1/31/93)                  485             452
  Additional paid-in capital . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      16,140          12,757
  Retained earnings  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      47,943          63,734
  Deferred stock compensation  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        (924)              -
  Common treasury stock at cost; 2,033 shares  . . . . . . . . . . . .           -         (23,155)
                                                                           -------         -------
Total stockholders' equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      63,644          53,788
                                                                           -------         -------
                                                                          $186,264        $180,666
                                                                           -------         -------
                                                                           -------         -------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

</TABLE>


See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

<PAGE>

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
VARLEN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES                                              YEAR ENDED JANUARY 31
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(IN THOUSANDS)                                                            1994          1993         1992
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                    <C>           <C>           <C>
INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH
Cash flows from operating activities:
   Net earnings  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  $ 10,766      $  6,317      $ 3,444
   Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided
      by continuing operating activities:
     Depreciation  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    10,295         9,488        8,794
     Amortization  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     2,606         2,452        2,450
     Deferred income taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      (570)         (726)         508
     Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle . . . . . . .        --         1,351           --
     Change in assets and liabilities net of effects from
      purchased and discontinued businesses:
       Accounts receivable, net  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     2,198        (5,080)      (2,999)
       Inventories . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    (3,054)       (1,797)       2,989
       Refundable income taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       124         2,595       (2,689)
       Other current assets  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      (319)         (852)         142
       Accounts payable  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       (76)        1,263          (10)
       Accrued expenses  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     1,678         2,427         (722)
       Income taxes payable  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    (2,275)        2,846          153
       Other noncurrent assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    (1,906)         (283)         756
       Other noncurrent liabilities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     1,290           959         (158)
                                                                        --------       -------      -------
         Total adjustments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     9,991        14,643        9,214
                                                                        --------       -------      -------
         Net cash provided by continuing operating activities  . . . .    20,757        20,960       12,658
                                                                        --------       -------      -------
   Net cash provided by discontinued operations  . . . . . . . . . . .       316           563          520
                                                                        --------       -------      -------
     Net cash provided by operating activities . . . . . . . . . . . .    21,073        21,523       13,178
                                                                        --------       -------      -------
Cash flows from investing activities:
   Fixed asset expenditures  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   (11,240)       (9,567)      (7,949)
   Cost of purchased business  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    (5,437)           --           --
   Sale of business  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     2,000            --           --
   Disposals and other changes in property, plant and equipment  . . .       298         3,514          244
                                                                        --------       -------      -------
     Net cash used in investing activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   (14,379)       (6,053)      (7,705)
                                                                        --------       -------      -------
Cash flows from financing activities:
   Proceeds from debt  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    69,013        21,533        1,767
   Payments of debt  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   (70,659)      (11,532)      (4,711)
   Issuance of common stock under option plans . . . . . . . . . . . .       802           392           39
   Cash received on stock subscriptions  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       222            --           --
   Purchase of treasury stock  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        --       (23,155)          --
   Cash dividends paid . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    (1,927)       (2,499)      (2,695)
                                                                        --------       -------      -------
     Net cash used in financing activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    (2,549)      (15,261)      (5,600)
                                                                        --------       -------      -------
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      (269)          416         (237)
                                                                        --------       -------      -------
Net increase (decrease) in cash  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     3,876           625         (364)
Cash at beginning of year  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     1,292           667        1,031
                                                                        --------       -------      -------
Cash at end of year  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  $  5,168       $ 1,292      $   667
                                                                        --------       -------      -------
                                                                        --------       -------      -------
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

</TABLE>


See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.


<PAGE>

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

(a) PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION: The consolidated financial statements include
the accounts of Varlen Corporation and all subsidiaries (the "Company"). All
significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.

(b) INVENTORIES: Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost of
inventories is determined using the last-in, first-out (Lifo) method for 79% of
inventories. The first-in, first-out (Fifo) method is used for all remaining
inventories. If the Fifo method of determining inventory costs had been used for
all inventories, inventories would have increased approximately $897,000 and
$1,013,000 at January 31, 1994 and 1993, respectively.

(c) PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT: Property, plant and equipment are recorded at
cost. Depreciation is provided on the straight line method over the estimated
useful lives of the assets, which range from 3 to 45 years.

(d) INTANGIBLES: Goodwill is amortized on a straight-line basis over 40 years.
The carrying amount of goodwill is evaluated annually to determine if adjustment
to the amortization period or unamortized balance are warranted.  Other
intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their remaining
useful lives.

(e) EARNINGS PER SHARE: Primary earnings per share is computed on the basis of
the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period plus
common equivalent shares arising from stock incentive plans using the treasury
stock method. For 1993, the computation of fully diluted earnings per share
includes the weighted average number of shares that would have been issued upon
conversion of the convertible debentures and the effect on net earnings for the
reduction in the after-tax interest expense on the converted debentures.

2. ACQUISITIONS

On November 23, 1993, the Company acquired the petroleum analysis equipment and
testing services division of San Antonio-based Alcor, Inc., a privately held
company. The acquisition was made for $5.4 million in cash and $499,000 (19,550
shares) of Company common stock. The acquired business, which has annual
revenues of approximately $4 million, designs, develops, manufactures and sells
petroleum analysis equipment. It is also engaged in the testing of petroleum
products in its laboratory and the sale of petroleum product reference samples.
The acquired business will market its products and services under the name of
Alcor Petroleum Instruments, Inc. The acquisition has been accounted for by the
purchase method of accounting with the preliminary allocation of the excess of
the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired amortized over
40 years. The operating results of the business acquired has been included in
the accompanying consolidated results of operations from the date of
acquisition. This transaction was financed with cash on hand.

3. DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS AND DISPOSITIONS

The Company's Chrome Crankshaft Co. and Chrome Crankshaft Company of Illinois
subsidiaries are held for sale. These businesses are treated as discontinued
operations in the consolidated financial statements. Sale negotiations are
currently in progress with a potential purchaser. No net gain or loss is
anticipated upon disposition.

Revenues from discontinued operations were $5,215,000, $5,625,000, $5,511,000
and $7,827,000 in 1993, 1992, 1991 and 1990, respectively.

Earnings of the discontinued operations (credited to the reserve for
discontinued operations) from the date of discontinuance to January 31, 1994
were $1,957,000 net of income taxes of $1,224,000 and include an interest
expense allocation of $321,000.

In May 1993, the Company disposed of the assets and certain liabilities of
Hotpack Corporation, its small laboratory products facility located in
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania for $2,000,000 cash plus an interest bearing note.
Sales of this facility were approximately $9,500,000 in 1992.

4. SUPPLEMENTARY CASH FLOW INFORMATION
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(IN THOUSANDS)                                        1993            1992           1991
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                 <C>              <C>              <C>
Cash paid during the year for:
Interest . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      $ 5,809          $4,834           $5,826
                                                    -------          ------           ------
                                                    -------          ------           ------
Income taxes (net) . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      $10,343          $1,860           $3,529
                                                    -------          ------           ------
                                                    -------          ------           ------
Purchase of business (note 2):
Fair value of assets acquired  . . . . . . . .      $ 6,240          $   --           $   --
Cash paid  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       (5,437)             --               --
Common stock issued for purchase . . . . . .           (499)             --               --
                                                    -------          ------           ------
Liabilities assumed  . . . . . . . . . . . . .      $   304          $   --           $   --
                                                    -------          ------           ------
                                                    -------          ------           ------

</TABLE>

5. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

The carrying amounts and fair value of the Company's financial instruments at
January 31, 1994 are as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           Carrying         Fair
(IN THOUSANDS)                              Amount         Value
                                           --------        -----
<S>                                        <C>             <C>
Current maturities of
  long-term debt . . . . . . . . . . . .   $   122       $   122
                                           -------       -------
                                           -------       -------
Convertible subordinated
  debentures . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $69,000       $80,751
Industrial revenue bonds
  and other debt . . . . . . . . . . . .     3,698         4,391
                                           -------       -------
    Total long-term debt . . . . . . . .   $72,698       $85,142
                                           -------       -------
                                           -------       -------
</TABLE>

The carrying amounts for cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable and current
maturities of long-term debt are reasonable estimates of their fair value. The
fair value of the convertible subordinated debentures is its quoted market
value. The fair value of industrial revenue bonds and other debt are estimated
using discounted cash flow analysis and market rates for similar financial
instruments.

6. LONG-TERM DEBT

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Long-term debt at year end is comprised of the following
(in thousands):
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                       1993        1992
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                 <C>         <C>
6.5% Convertible Subordinated
  Debentures, Due 2003 . . . . . . . . . . .        $69,000     $    --
9.00% Series "B" Senior Notes. . . . . . . .             --      10,000
8.66% Series "C" Senior Notes. . . . . . . .             --       1,111
Revolving credit agreement
  deutschemark-denominated . . . . . . . . .             --       8,876
Revolving credit agreement
  U.S. dollar-denominated. . . . . . . . . .             --      50,700
Industrial revenue bonds and other debt  . .          3,820       3,992
                                                   --------    --------
                                                     72,820      74,679
Less current maturities. . . . . . . . . . .           (122)     (3,731)
                                                   --------    --------
Long-term debt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        $72,698     $70,948
                                                   --------    --------
                                                   --------    --------
</TABLE>

During the second quarter of 1993, the Company issued $69,000,000 aggregate
principal amount of 6.5% Convertible Subordinated Debentures Due 2003. These
unsecured

<PAGE>

debentures are convertible into Common Stock of the Company at $27.33 per share
and are callable in whole or in part after June 3, 1996 at the option of the
Company at specified redemption prices plus accrued interest. The proceeds from
the issuance were used to reduce all outstanding debt under the Company's
revolving credit agreement.

At January 31, 1994, the Company had an unused $80,000,000 revolving line of
credit (the "Agreement"). The Agreement allows for borrowings in a variety of
currencies and provides for interest at one of three market interest rates
selected by the Company plus an applicable margin which is dependent upon the
market interest rate chosen and the relationship of interest expense to cash
flow. The highest interest rate available under the Agreement at January 31,
1994 was the prime rate with maximum commitment fees of 3/10 of 1% on the unused
portion of the line of credit. The Agreement terminates on December 6, 1997 with
two optional one year extensions.

The Agreement contains provisions which require the Company to maintain a
specified level of net worth and comply with various financial ratios and
include, among other provisions, restrictions on leases, investments, dividend
payments and the incurrence of additional indebtedness. At January 31, 1994,
$13,005,000 was available for dividend distributions.

The weighted average interest rate for all borrowings under the Company's
revolving credit agreements in effect during 1993 and 1992 were 5.7%  and 5.8%,
respectively.  At January 31, 1993, approximately $11,909,000 of the revolving
line of credit was used for outstanding standby letters of credit related to the
senior notes. The terms of the senior notes provided for interest at the
respective rates of the notes while covered by the letters of credit.

Industrial revenue bonds, due in 2004, and other notes payable are secured by
the property, plant and equipment purchased with the proceeds of such debt.
Interest on the bonds is paid at rates ranging from 6.8% to 7.0%.

Scheduled repayments of long-term debt in each of the next three years are
$122,000, $56,000 and $52,000. No payments are due subsequently until 2004.

7. LEASES AND ACCRUED EXPENSES

The Company and its subsidiaries occupy various manufacturing and office
facilities and use certain equipment under operating lease arrangements. Total
rent expense under such agreements amounted to approximately $1,021,000 in 1993,
$1,023,000 in 1992 and $1,114,000 in 1991. At January 31, 1994, the aggregate
minimum future rental commitments under the non-cancelable leases with terms in
excess of one year were approximately $2,004,000. Amounts due annually in each
of the next five years are $703,000, $569,000, $411,000, $246,000 and $75,000.

Accrued expenses at January 31, 1994 and 1993 include $7,596,000 and $7,570,000
for certain accrued employee benefits and $3,211,000 and $3,737,000 for various
insurance accruals, respectively.

8. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

Research and development costs charged to earnings were $4,342,000 in 1993,
$3,609,000 in 1992 and $2,810,000 in 1991.

9. INCOME TAXES

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Earnings before income taxes were derived from the following sources (in thousands):
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                     1993          1992        1991
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>           <C>          <C>
Domestic . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            $16,688       $12,630      $5,676
Foreign. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              2,035         1,744       1,658
                                                 --------      --------     -------
    Total. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            $18,723       $14,374      $7,334
                                                 --------      --------     -------
                                                 --------      --------     -------

</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Income tax expense consists of the following (in thousands):

- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                     1993          1992        1991
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                <C>           <C>         <C>
Current taxes:
  Federal. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             $6,220        $5,206      $2,484
  State. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              1,754         1,799       1,079
  Foreign. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                701           396        (126)
                                                   ------        ------      ------
    Total. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              8,675         7,401       3,437
                                                   ------        ------      ------
Deferred taxes:
  Federal. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .               (667)         (935)       (710)
  State. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                (96)         (240)          1
  Foreign. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                 45           480       1,162
                                                   ------        ------      ------
    Total. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .               (718)         (695)        453
                                                   ------        ------      ------
Income tax provision . . . . . . . . .             $7,957        $6,706      $3,890
                                                   ------        ------      ------
                                                   ------        ------      ------
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are comprised of the following (in thousands):

                                                     January 31, 1994        January 31, 1993
                                                    ---------------------    ------------------
                                                    Asset       Liability    Asset    Liability
                                                    -----       ---------    -----    ---------
<S>                                                 <C>         <C>          <C>      <C>
Accounts receivable. . . . . . . . . .            $   502       $    --     $   778     $    --
Inventories. . . . . . . . . . . . . .                920         1,242       1,238       1,690
Operating losses . . . . . . . . . . .              2,063            --       1,995          --
State income taxes . . . . . . . . . .                 --           653          --         604
Fixed assets . . . . . . . . . . . . .                 --         6,586          --       7,639
Vacation pay . . . . . . . . . . . . .                819            --         723          --
Workers' compensation. . . . . . . . .              1,991            --       1,623          --
Warranty . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                570            --         617          --
Deferred compensation. . . . . . . . .                693            --         821          --
Employee health and welfare. . . . . .                353            --         387          --
Discontinued operations
   and plant closings . .. . . . . . .                223            --         563          --
Amortization . . . . . . . . . . . . .                  -         1,417          --       1,153
Retiree health and welfare . . . . . .              1,172            --       1,018          --
Interest . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                278            --          --          --
Other. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                969           439         723         196
                                                  -------       -------     -------     -------
Subtotal . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             10,553        10,337      10,486      11,282
Valuation allowance. . . . . . . . . .             (1,465)           --      (1,423)         --
                                                  -------       -------     -------     -------
Total. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            $ 9,088       $10,337     $ 9,063     $11,282
                                                  -------       -------     -------     -------
                                                  -------       -------     -------     -------

</TABLE>

The valuation allowance relates principally to built-in losses (the excess of
tax basis over fair market value of the net assets) in a 1990 acquisition. The
use of such losses in reducing future tax liabilities is subject to substantial
limitations. Any such use in the future will reduce goodwill associated with
that acquisition.

<PAGE>


Income tax expense differs from the amount of income tax determined by applying
the statutory federal rate to pre-tax income because of the following (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                     1993          1992        1991
                                                  -------       -------      ------
<S>                                               <C>           <C>          <C>
Income tax provision at statutory
federal tax rate . . . . . . . . . . .             $6,553        $4,887      $2,494
Tax rate changes . . . . . . . . . . .               (178)           --          --
State income taxes
(net of federal benefit) . . . . . . .              1,052         1,029         623
Foreign operations . . . . . . . . . .                403           464         472
Goodwill amortization. . . . . . . . .                277           269         265
Other. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .               (150)           57          36
                                                   ------        ------      ------
Income tax provision . . . . . . . . .             $7,957        $6,706      $3,890
                                                   ------        ------      ------
                                                   ------        ------      ------
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


At January 31, 1994, the Company had remaining net operating loss carryforwards
of $5,873,000, expiring between 1995 and 2006, including loss carryforwards
subject to the valuation allowance discussed above. These arose principally as a
result of certain acquisitions and will reduce income taxes payable to the
extent of future taxable income from those operations.

10. RETIREMENT PLANS

The Company maintains a variety of retirement plans, including pension plans,
covering substantially all employees and supplemental retirement plans, covering
executives. Defined benefit plans cover the majority of union employees and are
based on an amount per year of service formula. Substantially all salaried
employees are covered by a defined contribution plan. The Company makes
contributions to the plans in accordance with ERISA and IRS regulations and
amortizes past service cost over the average remaining service life of active
employees. In 1992, one defined benefit plan was terminated which did not have a
material impact on the financial statements.

Under the Varlen Corporation Profit Sharing and Retirement Savings Plan,
employee deferrals of compensation may be made and the Company will match up to
25% of the first 6% deferred by each employee. Additionally, discretionary
amounts of not less than 2% of eligible salaries and wages are contributed by
the Company.

The following table sets forth the funded status of the Company's defined
benefit and supplemental pension plans and amounts recognized in the Company's
consolidated balance sheets at January 31, 1994 and 1993 (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                         Overfunded              Underfunded
                                                            Plan                    Plans
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                         January 31,              January 31,
                                                     1994          1993        1994        1993
                                                     ----          ----        ----        ----
<S>                                                  <C>           <C>      <C>         <C>
Actuarial present value of
  benefit obligations:
    Vested . . . . . . . . . . . . . .               $349          $274     $ 6,041     $ 5,631
    Non-vested . . . . . . . . . . . .                 32            28         854         591
                                                    -----         -----     -------     -------
Total accumulated benefit
  obligations. . . . . . . . . . . . .                381           302       6,895       6,222
Additional amounts related to
  projected salary increases . . . . .                 --            --         846         424
                                                    -----         -----     -------     -------
Projected benefit obligation . . . . .                381           302       7,741       6,646
Fair value of plan assets
  (primarily short-term and
  fixed income investments). . . . . .                472           436       4,633       3,903
                                                    -----         -----     -------     -------
Excess (deficiency) of plan
  assets over benefit obligation . . .                 91           134      (3,108)     (2,743)
Unrecognized net gain. . . . . . . . .                (45)          (79)       (179)     (1,352)
Unrecognized prior
  service cost . . . . . . . . . . . .                 11            12         796         856
Unrecognized (net asset)/
  obligation existing at the
  date of initial application
  of SFAS 87 . . . . . . . . . . . . .                (51)          (57)        844         946
Adjustment required to
  recognize additional liability . . .                 --            --      (1,359)     (1,167)
                                                    -----         -----     -------     -------
Prepaid (accrued)
  pension cost . . . . . . . . . . . .               $  6          $ 10     $(3,006)    $(3,460)
                                                    -----         -----     -------     -------
                                                    -----         -----     -------     -------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Net retirement plan expense for 1993, 1992 and 1991 consists of the following (in thousands):
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                   1993        1992        1991
<S>                                                              <C>         <C>         <C>
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Service cost-benefits earned
  during the period. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                 $  418      $  423      $  421
Net deferral and amortization. . . . . . . . . .                    133         545         606
Interest on projected benefit obligation . . . .                    512         481         478
Actual return on plan assets . . . . . . . . . .                   (456)       (716)       (777)
                                                                 ------      ------      ------
Net defined benefit pension expense. . . . . . .                    607         733         728
Net defined contribution plan expense. . . . . .                  2,219       1,865       1,209
                                                                 ------      ------      ------
                                                                 $2,826      $2,598      $1,937
                                                                 ------      ------      ------
                                                                 ------      ------      ------
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

In 1993, the Company recognized a settlement gain of $241,000 related to a lump
sum distribution for a retired employee.

The weighted average discount rate and rate of increase in future compensation
levels used in determining the actuarial present value of the projected benefit
obligation were 7.5% and 5%, respectively, in 1993 and 8% and 6%, respectively,
in both 1992 and 1991. The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets was
9% in 1993, 1992 and 1991.

11. POSTRETIREMENT AND POSTEMPLOYMENT BENEFITS

The Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 106,
"Employer's Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions," in the
fourth quarter of 1992, retroactive to the first quarter of 1992. In applying
this standard, the Company incurred a one time pre-tax charge of approximately
$2.2 million ($1.4 million or $.20 per share on an after-tax basis) to recognize
the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation.  In addition, the Company
began recognizing an actuarially determined expense for such postretirement
benefits in 1992. The proforma effects of adopting the new Standard did not have
a material effect on the Company's 1991 consolidated financial statements.


<PAGE>

Certain of the Company's subsidiaries maintain benefit plans which provide their
employees postretirement medical and life insurance benefits. Eligibility for
the plans range from employees retiring at age 55 with a minimum of 5 years of
service to employees retiring at age 65 with a minimum of 15 years of service.
The Company continues to fund benefit costs primarily on a pay-as-you-go basis
and made benefit payments totaling approximately $30,000 and $50,000 during 1993
and 1992, respectively.

The following table sets forth the plan's funded status, reconciled with amounts
recognized in the Company's consolidated balance sheets at January 31, 1994 and
1993 (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                      January 31,
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                   1994        1993
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                              <C>         <C>
Accumulated postretirement benefit obligation:
  Retirees . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             $ (950)     $ (881)
  Fully eligible active plan participants. . . . . .               (592)       (376)
  Other active plan participants . . . . . . . . . .             (2,108)     (1,428)
                                                                 -------     ------
                                                                 (3,650)     (2,685)
  Plan assets at fair value. . . . . . . . . . . . .                288         294
                                                                 -------     ------
Accumulated postretirement benefit obligation
  in excess of plan assets. . . . . . . . . . . . . .            (3,362)     (2,391)
Unrecognized net gain (loss) from past experience
  different from that assumed and from
  changes in assumptions . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                606         (25)
                                                                 -------     ------
Accrued postretirement benefit cost. . . . . . . . .            $(2,756)    $(2,416)
                                                                 -------     ------
                                                                 -------     ------
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Net postretirement benefit costs for 1993 and 1992 consist of the following
(in thousands):
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                   1993        1992
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                <C>         <C>
Service cost-benefits attributed
  to service during the year . . . . . . . . . . . .               $151        $122
Interest on accumulated postretirement
  benefit obligation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                243         207
Actual return on plan assets . . . . . . . . . . . .                (16)        (17)
                                                                  -----       -----
Net postretirement benefit cost. . . . . . . . . . .               $378        $312
                                                                  -----       -----
                                                                  -----       -----
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

</TABLE>

The assumed health care cost trend rate used in measuring the accumulated
postretirement benefit obligation for pre-age 65 employees is 13% in 1994,
declining 1% per year to 6% in 2001, and for post-age 65 employees is 10% in
1994 declining 1% per year to 6% in 1998. In 1993 and 1992, the weighted average
discount rate used in determining the accumulated postretirement benefit
obligation was 7.75 % and 8.5%, respectively, salary increases are assumed to be
5% per year to retirement age in both years and the expected long-term rate of
return on plan assets was 9% in both years.

If the health care cost trend rate assumptions were increased by 1%, the
accumulated postretirement benefit obligation as of January 31, 1994 would be
increased by 19%. The effect of this change on the sum of the service cost and
interest cost would be an increase of 22%.

The Financial Accounting Standards Board has issued State-
ment of Financial Accounting Standards No. 112, "Employers' Accounting for
Postemployment Benefits". This Statement, which must be adopted by the Company
no later than its 1994 year, requires the accrual of certain postemployment
benefits over an employee's service period. The impact of this Statement is not
material to the Company's consolidated financial statements.

12. STOCK INCENTIVE PLANS

The Company had three stock option plans in effect during 1993. One of the stock
option plans expired on March 31, 1990 as to future grants. The most recent plan
was adopted in May, 1993 pursuant to which an aggregate of 225,000 shares of the
Company's common stock are available for grant, and none of which were issued as
of January 31, 1994. The remaining plan was adopted in May, 1989 pursuant to
which an aggregate of 300,000 shares of the Company's common stock were
available for grant. Under the three plans, either Incentive Stock Options or
Non-qualified Stock Options could be granted, as determined by the Compensation
Committee of the Company's Board of Directors (the "Committee"). Non-qualified
Stock Options can be granted for terms of up to 10 years and with an option
price that is less than the market value of the Company's common stock on the
date of grant, but if less than market value, then not less than book value;
such option price may not be less than 50% of market value under the 1989 plan
and not less than 85% of market value under the 1993 plan.  Incentive Stock
Options can be granted for terms of up to 10 years and with an option price that
is not less than the market value of the Company's common stock on the date of
grant. Of the 229,100 options outstanding as of January 31, 1994, 65,400 are
currently exercisable, with the remaining options exercisable over the next
4 1/2 years. A summary of the changes in outstanding stock options,
including options granted under prior plans, follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Shares                                                             1993          1992           1991
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                         <C>           <C>            <C>
Outstanding at
beginning of year. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            260,695       236,363        189,368
Granted. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             58,625        73,875         74,250
Exercised. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            (76,795)      (40,880)        (4,882)
Expired or
terminated . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            (13,425)       (8,663)       (22,373)
                                                            -----------   -----------    -----------
Outstanding at
end of year. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            229,100       260,695        236,363
                                                            -----------   -----------    -----------
                                                            -----------   -----------    -----------
Available for grant
at end of year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            302,500       123,600        195,375
                                                            -----------   -----------    -----------
                                                            -----------   -----------    -----------
Price range
of options:
Outstanding. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        $8.67-21.83   $7.75-14.00    $7.75-14.00
                                                           ------------  ------------   ------------
                                                           ------------  ------------   ------------
Exercised. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        $7.78-14.00   $7.75-14.00   $7.93 - 8.18
                                                           ------------  ------------   ------------
                                                           ------------  ------------   ------------
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The Company also had two stock purchase plans in effect during 1993, both of
which were adopted in May, 1993. The Directors Incentive Stock Grant Plan
provides for the auto-matic annual award of 300 shares of Common Stock at par
value to each director who is not an employee of the Company. An aggregate of
22,500 shares of common stock are available for grant under this plan of which
1,500 were granted during 1993. The Deferred Incentive Stock Purchase Plan
provides for an offer to selected officers and other key employees, as
determined by the Committee, of rights to purchase Common Stock of the Company
at a price determined by the Committee which cannot be less than book value at
the grant date. Quarterly deposits are made by the participant over a five-year
period toward the purchase price of the shares, which are issued to the
participant upon receipt of the final payment under the plan. An aggregate of
150,000 rights are available for grant under this plan, of which 116,250 were
granted during 1993 at $13.33 per right.



<PAGE>

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
13. INDUSTRY SEGMENTS
Information relating to the Company's segments is as follows (in thousands):
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                    Operating    Identifiable     Capital     Depreciation &
                                                   Net Sales         Profit         Assets      Expenditures   Amortization
<S>                                                <C>              <C>          <C>            <C>           <C>
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1993
Transportation products  . . . . . . . . .          $219,543         $27,876       $117,278        $10,039          $9,947
Laboratory and other products  . . . . . .            72,365           1,958         55,852          1,163           2,735
                                                    ----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                     291,908          29,834        173,130         11,202          12,682
Corporate* . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                --          (4,779)        13,134             38             219
Interest expense . . . . . . . . . . . . .                --          (6,332)            --             --              --
                                                    ----------------------------------------------------------------------
Total  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          $291,908         $18,723       $186,264        $11,240         $12,901
                                                    ----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                    ----------------------------------------------------------------------
1992
Transportation products  . . . . . . . . .          $182,880         $19,005       $112,530         $7,155          $9,085
Laboratory and other products  . . . . . .            83,174           4,866         60,298          2,397           2,779
                                                    ----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                     266,054          23,871        172,828          9,552          11,864
Corporate* . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                --          (4,630)         7,838             15              76
Interest expense . . . . . . . . . . . . .                --          (4,867)            --             --              --
                                                    ----------------------------------------------------------------------
Total  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          $266,054         $14,374       $180,666         $9,567         $11,940
                                                    ----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                    ----------------------------------------------------------------------
1991
Transportation products  . . . . . . . . .          $148,867         $12,520       $106,403         $5,702          $8,677
Laboratory and other products  . . . . . .            81,650           4,794         68,601          2,229           2,507
                                                    ----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                     230,517          17,314        175,004          7,931          11,184
Corporate* . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                --          (4,175)         7,275             18              60
Interest expense . . . . . . . . . . . . .                --          (5,805)            --             --              --
                                                    ----------------------------------------------------------------------
Total  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          $230,517          $7,334       $182,279       $  7,949         $11,244
                                                    ----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                    ----------------------------------------------------------------------

<FN>

*Identifiable assets include assets related to discontinued operations.
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Information relating to the Company's segments by geographic
area is as follows (in thousands):
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                       Net       Identifiable
                                                    Net Sales        Earnings       Assets
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                 <C>              <C>           <C>
1993
Domestic Operations* . . . . . . . . . . .          $275,523         $15,925       $166,196
European Operations  . . . . . . . . . . .            16,385           1,866         20,068
                                                    ---------------------------------------
                                                     291,908          17,791        186,264
Corporate and net interest expense . . . .                --          (7,025)            --
                                                    ---------------------------------------
Total. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          $291,908         $10,766       $186,264
                                                    ---------------------------------------
                                                    ---------------------------------------
1992
Domestic Operations* . . . . . . . . . . .          $248,310         $10,702       $159,077
European Operations. . . . . . . . . . .              17,744           1,602         21,589
                                                    ---------------------------------------
                                                     266,054          12,304        180,666
Corporate and net interest expense . . . .                --          (5,987)            --
                                                    ---------------------------------------
Total  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          $266,054          $6,317       $180,666
                                                    ---------------------------------------
                                                    ---------------------------------------
1991
Domestic Operations* . . . . . . . . . . .          $215,523          $6,449       $157,926
European Operations  . . . . . . . . . . .            14,994           1,527         24,353
                                                    ---------------------------------------
                                                     230,517           7,976        182,279
Corporate and net interest expense . . . .                --          (4,532)            --
Total  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          $230,517          $3,444       $182,279
                                                    ---------------------------------------
                                                    ---------------------------------------
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<FN>

*Identifiable assets include assets related to corporate and discontinued operations.

</TABLE>

Sales to certain individual customers by companies in the transportation
products segment aggregated 14% and 11% of consolidated net sales in 1993, 12%
and 11% in 1992 and 11% and 11% in 1991.

<PAGE>

14. STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

On January 8, 1993, the Company purchased 2,031,750 shares of its outstanding
Common Stock from The Dyson-Kissner-Moran Corporation ("DKM") for approximately
$23.0 million. Such shares, constituting approximately 30% of the Company's then
outstanding Common Stock, represented all of the shares held by DKM. The Company
financed this transaction through its revolving line of credit. The stock
purchased in this transaction was recorded as treasury stock at cost. Cost of
the transaction was $11.33 per share paid to DKM plus certain other costs
related to the purchase.

On August 23, 1993, the Company's Board of Directors authorized a three-for-two
stock split in the form of a stock dividend payable on October 14, 1993, to
stockholders of record on September 30, 1993. The split resulted in the
reissuance of approximately 1,303,000 shares of Common Stock held in treasury
and the issuance of approximately 306,000 new shares of Common Stock. In
addition, the quarterly cash dividend of $.15 per share was adjusted to $.10 per
share to maintain the net amount of the dividend payment at its previous level.
All share and per share amounts have been restated to retroactively reflect the
stock split.

Retained earnings at January 31, 1994 includes $1,328,000 for stock
subscriptions receivable, $1,047,000 for unrealized currency translation
adjustments and $194,000 for an additional minimum pension liability. Retained
earnings at January 31, 1993 includes $303,000 for unrealized currency
translation adjustments.

15. INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

The following information is presented in thousands of dollars, except per share amounts:
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                               1st        2nd        3rd        4th
                                                                             Quarter    Quarter    Quarter    Quarter
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                               <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
Net sales. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      1993       $78,607    $71,824    $72,845    $68,632
                                                                  1992        71,111     62,328     66,502     66,113
Gross profit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      1993        19,880     17,199     16,309     16,532
                                                                  1992        17,645     14,702     15,091     15,787
Earnings before cumulative effect of change in
accounting principle . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      1993         3,541      3,025      2,127      2,073
                                                                  1992         2,528      1,731      1,827      1,582
Net earnings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      1993         3,541      3,025      2,127      2,073
                                                                  1992         1,177      1,731      1,827      1,582
Primary earnings per share:
   Earnings per share before change in accounting principle.      1993          0.73       0.61       0.43       0.41
                                                                  1992          0.38       0.25       0.27       0.25
   Net earnings per share. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      1993          0.73       0.61       0.43       0.41
                                                                  1992          0.18       0.25       0.27       0.25
Fully diluted earnings per share:
   Earnings per share before change in accounting principle.      1993*         0.73       0.52       0.37       0.37
                                                                  1992          0.38       0.25       0.27       0.25
   Net earnings per share. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      1993*         0.73       0.52       0.37       0.37
                                                                  1992          0.18       0.25       0.27       0.25
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<FN>
* Earnings per share is computed independently for each quarter presented.
  Therefore, the sum of the quarterly earnings per share   does not equal the
  total for the year.

</TABLE>

<PAGE>

REPORT BY MANAGEMENT

TO THE STOCKHOLDERS AND BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF VARLEN CORPORATION:
     Management is responsible for the consolidated financial statements
presented in this report which have been prepared by the Company in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis. The
financial statements necessarily include amounts based on judgments and
estimates by management as required by the accounting process. Management also
prepared the other financial information in the annual report.
     The Company's system of internal accounting control, which is applied by
operating and financial managers, has been designed to provide reasonable
assurance that assets are safeguarded, that transactions are executed and
recorded in accordance with management's established policies and procedures,
and that accounting records are adequate for preparation of financial statements
and other financial information. The design, monitoring and revision of internal
accounting control systems involve, among other things, management's judgment
with respect to the relative cost and expected benefits of specific control
measures.
     Varlen's internal audit function reviews the accounting records, financial
controls and practices on a planned, rotational basis to determine compliance
with corporate policies. The consolidated financial statements have been audited
by Deloitte & Touche, independent auditors appointed by the Board of Directors.
Their responsibility is to audit the Company's consolidated financial statements
in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and to express their
opinion with respect to the statements being presented fairly in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles.
     The Audit Committee, which is composed solely of outside directors, meets
with and reviews the activities of corporate financial management and the
independent auditors to ascertain that each is properly discharging its
responsibility. The independent auditors and management have unrestricted access
to the Audit Committee, which meets periodically to review accounting, auditing,
internal control and financial reporting matters.

RICHARD L. WELLEK                            RICHARD A. NUNEMAKER
President and                                Vice President, Finance and
Chief Executive Officer                      Chief Financial Officer

March 7, 1994

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND STOCKHOLDERS
VARLEN CORPORATION
NAPERVILLE, ILLINOIS

     We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Varlen
Corporation and subsidiaries as of January 31, 1994 and 1993, and the related
consolidated statements of earnings, stockholders' equity and cash flows for
each of the three years in the period ended January 31, 1994. These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on
our audits.
     We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
     In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of Varlen Corporation and
subsidiaries as of January 31, 1994 and 1993, and the results of their
operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
January 31, 1994,  in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.
     As discussed in Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements, in 1992
the Company changed its method of accounting for postretirement benefits other
than pensions.

Deloitte & Touche
Chicago, Illinois
March 7, 1994


QUARTERLY MARKET AND DIVIDEND INFORMATION

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                             1993                 1992
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Fiscal Quarter                                         High        Low       High       Low
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                    <C>         <C>       <C>        <C>
First. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           23 1/2      17 53/64  13 21/64   10 43/64
Second . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           23 53/64    20 11/64  15 3/4     12 21/64
Third. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           27 21/64    20 1/4    16         12
Fourth . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           27 3/4      21 3/4    20 11/64   12 21/64

</TABLE>

The Company paid a $.10 quarterly dividend throughout both 1993 and 1992. The
number of record holders of common stock, $.10 par value, is approximately 450
as of January 14, 1994. The number of stockholders of record excludes an
estimated 1,200 stockholders whose shares are held in "nominee" or "street"
name.


<PAGE>

The following picture captions are discussed left to tight, top to bottom on the
page.

Front cover:        Varlen insignia, globe of the earth, petroleum distillation
                    analyzer, railroad freightcar shock cushioning device and an
                    aluminum truck hub.

Insight front
cover:              A picture of a railroad freightcar draftgear.

                    A picture of two rail anchors connected to a piece of
                    railroad track.

                    A picture of three aluminum truck/trailer hubs.

                    A picture of three automatic transmission reaction plates.

Page #1:            A picture of a CO2 incubator.

                    A picture of a petroleum viscometer.

                    A picture of a petroleum freeze point monitor.

                    A picture of a stack of tubular metal chair frames.

Page #2:            A pie chart of "1993 Net Sales" for the Laboratory and Other
                    Products segment and the Transportation Products segment.

                    A pie chart of "1993 Operating Profits" for the Laboratory
                    and Other Products segment and the Transportation Products
                    segment.

Page #3:            A linear graph of "Net Sales" for Varlen Corporation for the
                    five year periods from 1989 through 1993.

                    A linear graph of "Fully Diluted E.P.S from Continuing
                    Operations Before Accounting Change" for Varlen Corporation
                    for the five year periods from 1989 through 1993.

                    A picture of Earnest H. Lorch, Chairman and Richard L.
                    Wellek, President and Chief Executive Officer of Varlen
                    Corporation.

Page #4:            A linear graph of "Net Earnings" for Varlen Corporation for
                    the five year periods from 1989 through 1993.

                    A linear graph of "Return on Average Stockholders' Equity"
                    for Varlen Corporation for the five year periods from 1989
                    through 1993.

                    A linear graph of "Total Debt to Capitalization" for Varlen
                    Corporation for the five year periods from 1989 through
                    1993.

                    A linear graph of "Book Value Per Share" for Varlen
                    Corporation for the five year periods from 1989 through
                    1993.

Page #5:            A picture of George W. Hoffman, Group Vice President and
                    Raymond A. Jean, Executive Vice President and Chief
                    Operating Officer of Varlen Corporation.

Page #6:            A picture of a heavy duty truck which depicts the location
                    of an aluminum axle hub with an inset of an engineering
                    drawing of an aluminum axle hub.  This picture also covers a
                    portion of Page #7.

                    A linear graph of "Net Sales" for the Transportation
                    Products segment for the three year periods from 1991
                    through 1993.

                    A linear graph of "Operating Profit" for the Transportation
                    Products segment for the three year periods from 1991
                    through 1993.

                    A drawing of a personal computer depicting a Computer
                    Assisted Drawing of an aluminum wheel hub.

Page #8:            A picture of a railroad freight car which depicts the
                    location of a railroad freightcar hydraulic cushioning
                    device with an inset of an engineering drawing of a
                    hydraulic cushioning device.  This picture also covers a
                    portion of Page #9.

                    A linear graph of "Net Sales" for the Laboratory and Other
                    Products segment for the three year periods from 1991
                    through 1993.

                    A linear graph of "Operating Profit" for the Laboratory and
                    Other Products segment for the three year periods from 1991
                    through 1993.

                    A picture of a Varlen Corporation instrument used to test
                    jet fuel.

Page #12:           A picture of Richard A. Nunemaker, Vice President, Finance
                    and Chief Financial Officer of Varlen Corporation.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>8
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 21
<TEXT>

<PAGE>




                                                                    Exhibit (21)

                              LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES
                              --------------------

The following table sets forth certain information with respect to the
significant subsidiaries of the Registrant.  All of the voting securities of
each subsidiary are owned by the Registrant and its financial statements are
included in the consolidated financial statements of the Registrant.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                  JURISDICTION OF
                    NAME                           INCORPORATION
                    ----                          ---------------
<S>                                               <C>
Chrome Crankshaft Co.                                  Delaware
Chrome Crankshaft Company of Illinois                  Illinois
Consolidated Metco, Inc.                               Delaware
Keystone Industries, Inc.                              Delaware
Means Industries, Inc.                                 Michigan
National Metalwares, Inc.                              Illinois
Precision Scientific, Inc.                             Delaware
Walter Herzog GmbH                                     Germany

</TABLE>





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>9
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 23
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                  Exhibit 23


INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' CONSENT

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements
of Varlen Corporation and subsidiaries on Form S-8, File No. 33-35085,
Form S-8, File No. 33-55132 and Form S-3, File No. 33-72218 and Form S-3,
File No. 33-58356 and Form S-3, File No. 33-61826 and Form S-8/S-3,
File No. 33-72480 of our reports dated March 7, 1994, appearing in and
incorporated by reference in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Varlen
Corporation and subsidiaries for the year ended January 31, 1994.


/s/ Deloitte & Touche

DELOITTE & TOUCHE

Chicago, Illinois
April 21, 1994


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-24
<SEQUENCE>10
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 24
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                      EXHIBIT 24

                               VARLEN CORPORATION

                                Power of Attorney
                                -----------------

          KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each of the undersigned directors
of Varlen Corporation (the "Company") does hereby irrevocably constitute and
appoint Richard A. Nunemaker, his attorney-in-fact and agent to sign and execute
in his name and on his behalf, in any and all capacities in which he may be
required to sign, an Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K under the
Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 for the fiscal year ended January 31, 1994,
to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and any amendments,
revisions or supplements thereto, including any exhibits, schedules and
documents in connection therewith and any other instruments necessary or
incidental thereto, all as fully and to the same effect as he might or could do
in person if present and acting, and does hereby ratify and confirm all that his
attorney-in-fact shall do or cause to be done incident to or in connection with
the foregoing or by virtue of the foregoing.

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has duly executed this
Power of Attorney this 11th day of April, 1994.



/s/ Ernest H. Lorch                     /s/ Greg A. Rosenbaum
- --------------------------              ------------------------
Ernest H. Lorch,                        Greg A. Rosenbaum,
Chairman of the Board                   Director
and Director



/s/ Rudolph Grua                        /s/ L. William Miles
- -------------------------               ------------------------
Rudolph Grua,                           L. William Miles,
Director                                Director



/s/ Theodore A. Ruppert
- -------------------------
Theodore A. Ruppert,
Director



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>11
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 27
<FLAWED>
<TEXT>
WARNING: THE EDGAR SYSTEM ENCOUNTERED ERROR(S) WHILE PROCESSING THIS SCHEDULE.

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<PAGE>

                                                                      Exhibit 27
                       VARLEN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                             FINANCIAL DATA SCHEDULE
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

       
<CAPTION>

                                                                        FOR THE
                                                                      YEAR ENDED
ITEM NUMBER         ITEM DESCRIPTION                                    1/31/94
- -----------         ----------------                                  ----------
<S>                 <C>                                               <C>
5-02(1)             Cash and cash items                                  $5,168
5-02(2)             Marketable securities                                   ---
5-02(3)(a)(1)       Notes and accounts receivable-trade                  35,455
5-02(4)             Allowances for doubtful accounts                      1,207
5-02(6)             Inventory                                            37,067
5-02(9)             Total current assets                                 84,575
5-02(13)            Property, plant,and equipment                       106,700
5-02(14)            Accumulated depreciation                             53,833
5-02(18)            Total assets                                        186,264
5-02(21)            Total current liabilities                            35,529
5-02(22)            bonds, mortgages and similar debt                    72,698
5-02(28)            Preferred stock-mandatory redemption                    ---
5-02(29)            Preferred stock-no mandatory redemption                 ---
5-02(30)            Common stock                                            485
5-02(31)            Other stockholders' equity                           63,159
5-02(32)            Total liabilities and stockholders' equity          186,264
5-03(b)1(a)         Net sales of tangible products                      291,908
5-03(b)1            Total revenues                                      291,908
5-03(b)2(a)         Cost of tangible goods sold                         221,988
5-03(b)2            Total cost and expenses applicable to sale and
                    revenues                                            221,988
5-03(b)3            Other costs and expenses                                ---
5-03(b)5            Provision for doubtful accounts and notes               ---
5-03(b)(8)          Interest and amortization of debt discount            6,332
5-03(b)(10)         Income before taxes and other items                  18,723
5-03(b)(11)         Income tax expenses                                   7,957
5-03(b)(14)         Income/loss continuing operations                    10,766
5-03(b)(15)         Discontinued operations                                 ---
5-03(b)(17)         Extraordinary items                                     ---
5-03(b)(18)         Cumulative effect-changes in accounting principles      ---
5-03(b)(19)         Net income or loss                                  $10,766
5-03(b)(20)         Earnings per share - primary                          $2.18
5-03(b)(20)         Earnings per share - fully diluted                    $1.90

       


</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
