-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 LRPjnRLV2yA7dAxEIPaZVffqMnpWF73xSxHS2YgsykUfDv+4/wd4HEamtNjVSnkN
 Ms3ZgzqLGyuyqMRrY0k4mg==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000950116-95-000067.txt : 19950712<IMS-HEADER>0000950116-95-000067.hdr.sgml : 19950711
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950116-95-000067
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		8
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19941231
FILED AS OF DATE:		19950328
SROS:			NONE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UNIVERSAL HEALTH SERVICES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000352915
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-GENERAL MEDICAL & SURGICAL HOSPITALS, NEC [8062]
		IRS NUMBER:				232077891
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10765
		FILM NUMBER:		95523848

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		367 S GULPH RD
		CITY:			KING OF PRUSSIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19406
		BUSINESS PHONE:		610-768-3300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		367 S GULPH ROAD
		CITY:			KING OF PRUSSIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19406
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K
<TEXT>


<PAGE>
================================================================================
                                  FORM 10-K 
                      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
                            Washington, D.C. 20549 
                                    ------ 

(MARK ONE) 
           [X] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 
                SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (FEE REQUIRED) 
                 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 1994 
                                      OR 
          | | TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 
              SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (NO FEE REQUIRED) 
                For the transition period from ______to ______ 
                         Commission File No. 0-10454 
                       UNIVERSAL HEALTH SERVICES, INC. 
            (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

           Delaware                             23-2077891      
  (State or other jurisdiction of            (I.R.S. Employer 
   incorporation or organization)          Identification Number) 
    UNIVERSAL CORPORATE CENTER 
      367 South Gulph Road 
  King of Prussia, Pennsylvania                   19406   
(Address of principal executive offices)        (Zip Code)   
                                 
         Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (610) 768-3300 
                                    ------ 
         Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
       Title of each Class              Name of exchange on which registered
Class B Common Stock, $.01 par value          New York Stock Exchange

         Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
                     Class D Common Stock, $.01 par value 
                            (Title of each Class) 
                                    ------ 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports to be 
filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the 
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to 
such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
                            Yes___X___  No ______ 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to 
the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information 
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any 
amendment to this Form 10-K. | | 

The number of shares of the registrant's Class A Common Stock, $.01 par 
value, Class B Common Stock, $.01 par value, Class C Common Stock, $.01 par 
value, and Class D Common Stock, $.01 par value, outstanding as of February 
15, 1995, was 1,090,527, 12,717,959, 109,622, and 22,487, respectively. 

The aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates at February 
15, 1995 was $318,865,646.20. (For purpose of this calculation, it was 
assumed that Class A, Class C, and Class D Common Stock, which are not traded 
but are convertible share-for-share into Class B Common Stock, have the same 
market value as Class B Common Stock.) 

                     DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 

Portions of the registrant's definitive proxy statement for its 1995 Annual 
Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission within 120 days after December 31, 1994 (incorporated by reference 
under Part III). 

================================================================================
<PAGE>
                                    PART I 


ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

   Universal Health Services, Inc., (together with its subsidiaries, the 
"Company" or "UHS"), formed in 1978, is engaged principally in owning and 
operating acute care hospitals, behavioral health centers, ambulatory surgery 
centers and radiation oncology centers. As of December 31, 1994, the Company 
operates 29 hospitals with an aggregate of 3,667 licensed beds. Of these 
facilities, 15 are general acute care hospitals and 14 are psychiatric care 
facilities (two of which are substance abuse facilities). In addition, the 
Company, as part of its Ambulatory Treatment Centers Division, owns, in 
partnership with physicians, and operates or manages surgery and radiation 
therapy centers located in various states. 


   UHS has also entered into other specialized medical service arrangements, 
laboratory services, mobile Computerized Tomography (CT) and Magnetic 
Resonance Imaging (MRI) services, preferred provider organization 
arrangements, health maintenance organization contracts, medical office 
building leasing, construction management services and real estate management 
and administrative services. 

   UHS provides capital resources as well as a variety of management services 
to its facilities, including central purchasing, data processing, finance and 
control systems, facilities planning, physician recruitment services, 
administrative personnel management, marketing and public relations. Each of 
the hospitals and ambulatory treatment centers currently owned by the Company 
provides the medical and surgical, psychiatric, or ambulatory services 
typically available in such facilities. The surgery centers provide a 
cost-effective alternative to inpatient care for the performance of minor 
surgeries. Each facility is managed on a day-to-day basis by a managing 
director employed by the Company. In addition, a Board of Governors, 
including members of the facility's medical staff, governs the medical, 
professional and ethical practices at each facility. 

   The Company selectively seeks opportunities to expand its base of 
operations by acquiring, constructing or leasing additional hospital 
facilities. Such expansion may provide the Company with access to new markets 
and new health care delivery capabilities. The Company also seeks to increase 
the operating revenues and profitability of owned hospitals by the 
introduction of new services, improvement of existing services, physician 
recruitment and the application of financial and operational controls. 
Pressures to contain health care costs and technological developments 
allowing more procedures to be performed on an outpatient basis have led 
payors to demand a shift to ambulatory or outpatient care wherever possible. 
The Company is responding to this trend by emphasizing the expansion of 
outpatient services. In addition, in response to cost containment pressures, 
the Company intends to implement programs designed to improve financial 
performance and efficiency while continuing to provide quality care, 
including more efficient use of professional and paraprofessional staff, 
monitoring and adjusting staffing levels and equipment usage, improving 
patient management and reporting procedures and implementing more efficient 
billing and collection procedures. The Company also continues to examine its 
facilities and to dispose of those facilities which it believes do not have 
the potential to contribute to the Company's growth or operating strategy. 

   The Company is involved in continual development activities. Applications 
to state health planning agencies to add new services in existing hospitals 
are currently on file in several states which require certificates of need 
(e.g., Georgia and Illinois). Although the Company expects that some of these 
applications will result in the addition of new facilities or services to the 
Company's operations, no assurances can be made for ultimate success by the 
Company in these efforts. 

   The Company serves as advisor to Universal Health Realty Income Trust 
("UHT"), which leases to the Company the real property of 8 facilities 
operated by the Company. In addition, UHT holds interests in properties owned 
by unrelated companies. The Company receives a fee for its advisory services 
based on the value of UHT's assets. In addition, certain of the directors and 
officers of the Company serve as trustees and officers of UHT. As of February 
15, 1995, the Company owns 7.7% of UHT's outstanding shares and has an option 
to purchase UHT shares in the future at fair market value to enable it to 
maintain a 5% interest. 

                                      1 

<PAGE>

RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 


   After several years of following its strategy of consolidation to focus on 
its core operations and selective expansion in areas in which it believed 
there are opportunities for growth, the Company was positioned to take 
advantage of several acquisition and growth opportunities in 1994. The 
Company acquired Edinburg Hospital, a 112-bed facility in Edinburg, Texas, 
which it will replace with a state of the art facility while converting the 
existing facility to a skilled nursing and sub-acute care facility. The 
Company entered into an agreement to exchange the operations and fixed assets 
of Westlake Medical Center, a 126-bed acute care facility in Westlake, 
California, and Dallas Family Hospital, a 104-bed hospital in Dallas, Texas, 
in addition to a cash payment, for Aiken Regional Medical Centers, a 225-bed 
medical center in Aiken, South Carolina. This transaction is expected to be 
consummated in the second quarter of 1995. In addition, the Company agreed to 
acquire Manatee Memorial Hospital, a 512-bed acute care hospital located in 
Manatee, Florida. The closing is expected to occur in the third quarter of 
1995. Pending closing, the Company is managing the facility for its current 
owners. 

   In addition, the Company is developing, along with the participation of 
the Howard Hughes Corporation, a medical complex including a 120-bed 
hospital, ambulatory surgery center, medical office building and diagnostic 
center in the western suburbs of Las Vegas, Nevada. 

   In 1994, the Company continued to add to its Ambulatory Treatment Centers 
Division and acquired, in partnership with physicians, additional 
free-standing ambulatory surgery centers located in Palm Springs, California 
and Corona, California. Also, as part of this Division, the Company acquired, 
or developed, radiation oncology centers in Danville, Kentucky; Frankfort, 
Kentucky; Bowling Green, Kentucky; Glasgow, Kentucky; Jeffersonville, 
Indiana; Madison, Indiana; and Auburn, Washington. 

   The Company also selectively expanded its operations at certain of its 
existing facilities: McAllen Medical Center in McAllen, Texas, opened a 
free-standing radiation treatment center; River Parishes Hospital in LaPlace, 
Louisiana (1) completed renovation of its emergency room and its operating 
rooms; and (2) began construction of a 30,000 square foot medical office 
building which is scheduled for completion in mid-August 1995; Auburn General 
Hospital in Auburn, Washington, opened its new medical office building and 
parking garage. 


BED UTILIZATION AND OCCUPANCY RATES 

   The following table shows the bed utilization and occupancy rates for the 
hospitals operated by the Company for the years indicated, excluding 
information relating to hospitals no longer owned by the Company as of 
December 31, 1994 and including the information for a 112-bed acute care 
hospital located in Edinburg, Texas which was acquired by the Company during 
1994. Accordingly, the information is presented on a basis different from 
that used in preparing the historical financial information included in this 
Report. 

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           1994        1993         1992        1991        1990 
                                        ---------   ---------    ---------   ---------   --------- 
<S>                                      <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>          <C>
Average Licensed Beds  ...............     3,628       3,559       3,464       3,378        3,281 
Average Available Beds (1)  ..........     3,314       3,240       3,095       3,060        2,965 
Hospital Admissions  .................    91,552      84,205      80,971      80,340       75,909 
Average Length of Patient Stay (Days)        6.4         6.8         7.2         7.5          7.8 
Patient Days (2)  ....................   588,329     570,127     583,768     605,702      590,335 
Occupancy Rate (3): 
  Licensed Beds ......................        44%         44%         46%         49%          49% 
  Available Beds .....................        49%         48%         52%         54%          55% 
</TABLE>

- ------
(1) "Average Available Beds" is the number of beds which are actually in service
    at any given time for immediate patient use with the necessary equipment and
    staff available for patient care. A hospital may have appropriate licenses
    for more beds than are in service for a number of reasons, including lack of
    demand, incomplete construction, and anticipation of future needs.

(2) "Patient Days" is the aggregate sum for all patients of the number of days
    that hospital care is provided to each patient.

(3) "Occupancy Rate" is calculated by dividing average patient days (total
    patient days divided by the total number of days in the period) by the
    number of average beds, either available or licensed.

                                      2 

<PAGE>

   The number of patient days of a hospital is affected by a number of 
factors, including the number of physicians using the hospital, changes in 
the number of beds, the composition and size of the population of the 
community in which the hospital is located, general and local economic 
conditions, variations in local medical and surgical practices and the degree 
of outpatient use of the hospital services. Current industry trends in 
utilization and occupancy have been significantly affected by changes in 
reimbursement policies of third party payors. A continuation of such industry 
trends could have a material adverse impact upon the Company's future 
operating performance. The Company has experienced growth in outpatient 
utilization over the past several years. The Company is unable to predict the 
rate of growth and resulting impact on the Company's future revenues because 
it is dependent upon developments in medical technologies and physician 
practice patterns, both of which are outside of the Company's control. The 
Company is also unable to predict the extent which other industry trends will 
continue or accelerate. 

SOURCES OF REVENUE 

   The Company receives payment for services rendered from private insurers, 
including managed care plans, the Federal government under the Medicare 
program, state governments under their respective Medicaid programs and 
directly from patients. Most of the company's hospitals are certified as 
providers of Medicare and Medicaid services by the appropriate governmental 
authorities. The requirements for certification are subject to change, and, 
in order to remain qualified for such programs, it may be necessary for the 
Company to make changes from time to time in its facilities, equipment, 
personnel and services. Although the Company intends to continue in such 
programs, there is no assurance that it will continue to qualify for 
participation. 

   The sources of the Company's hospital revenues are charges related to the 
services provided by the hospitals and their staffs, such as radiology, 
operating rooms, pharmacy, physiotherapy and laboratory procedures, and basic 
charges for the hospital room and related services such as general nursing 
care, meals, maintenance and housekeeping. Hospital revenues depend upon the 
occupancy for inpatient routine services, the extent to which ancillary 
services and therapy programs are ordered by physicians and provided to 
patients, the volume of outpatient procedures and the charges or negotiated 
payment rates for such services. Charges and reimbursement rates for 
inpatient routine services vary depending on the type of bed occupied (e.g., 
medical/surgical, intensive care or psychiatric) and the geographic location 
of the hospital. 

   Valley Hospital Medical Center in Las Vegas, Nevada contributed 19%, 16% 
and 16% of the Company's net revenues and 35%, 32% and 32% of the Company's 
earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation, amortization, lease and 
rental expense and non-recurring transactions (EBITDAR), for the three years 
ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively, excluding the effect of 
the special Medicaid reimbursements received at one of the Company's Texas 
acute care hospitals of $12.4 million, $13.5 million and $29.8 million for 
the years ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively. McAllen 
Medical Center in McAllen, Texas contributed 21%, 18% and 16% of the 
Company's net revenues and 35%, 32% and 24% of the Company's EBITDAR, for the 
years ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively, excluding the 
special Medicaid reimbursement increases mentioned above. 

   The following table shows approximate percentages of gross revenue derived 
by the Company's hospitals owned as of December 31, 1994 since their 
respective dates of acquisition by the Company from third party sources and 
from all other sources during the five years ended December 31, 1994. 

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           PERCENTAGE OF REVENUES 
                                        ---------------------------------------------------------- 
                                           1994        1993         1992        1991        1990 
                                        ---------   ---------    ---------   ---------   --------- 
<S>                                        <C>         <C>          <C>         <C>         <C>
Third Party Payors:  ................. 
  Blue Cross .........................       2.9%        1.9%        2.0%        2.7%         2.5% 
  Medicare ...........................      39.4%       40.7%       41.0%       40.7%        39.4% 
  Medicaid ...........................      13.7%       12.3%       10.1%        8.0%         7.3% 
                                           -----       -----       -----       -----        ----- 
  TOTAL ..............................      56.0%       54.9%       53.1%       51.4%        49.2% 
Other Sources (including patients and 
  private insurance carriers) ........      44.0%       45.1%       46.9%       48.6%        50.8% 
                                           -----       -----       -----       -----        ----- 
                                             100%        100%        100%        100%         100% 
</TABLE>

                                      3 

<PAGE>

REGULATION AND OTHER FACTORS 

   Within the statutory framework of the Medicare and Medicaid programs, 
there are substantial areas subject to administrative rulings, 
interpretations and discretion which may affect payments made under either or 
both of such programs and reimbursement is subject to audit and review by 
third party payors. Management believes that adequate provision has been made 
for any adjustments that might result therefrom. 

   The Federal government makes payments to participating hospitals under its 
Medicare program based on various formulae. The Company's general acute care 
hospitals are subject to a prospective payment system ("PPS"). PPS pays 
hospitals a predetermined amount per diagnostic related group ("DRG") based 
upon a hospital's location and the patient's diagnosis. 

   The deficit-reduction legislation passed by Congress in 1987 limits the 
increases in PPS reimbursement based on the rate of inflation and the 
location of hospitals. Psychiatric hospitals, which are exempt from PPS, are 
cost reimbursed by the Medicare program, but are subject to a per discharge 
limitation, calculated based on the hospital's first full year in the 
Medicare program. Capital related costs are exempt from this limitation. 

   On August 30, 1991, the Health Care Financing Administration issued final 
Medicare regulations establishing a prospective payment methodology for 
inpatient hospital capital-related costs. These regulations apply to 
hospitals which are reimbursed based upon the prospective payment system and 
took effect for cost years beginning on or after October 1, 1991. For each of 
the Company's hospitals, the new methodology began on January 1, 1992. 

   The regulations provide for the use of a 10-year transition period in 
which a blend of the old and new capital payment provisions will be utilized. 
One of two methodologies will apply during the 10-year transition period: if 
the hospital's hospital-specific capital rate exceeds the federal capital 
rate, the hospital will be paid on the basis of a "hold harmless" 
methodology, which is a blend of actual cost reimbursement and a 
prospectively determined national federal capital rate; or, with limited 
exceptions, if the hospital-specific rate is below the federal capital rate, 
the hospital will receive payments based upon a "fully prospective" 
methodology, which is a blend of the hospital's actual base year capital rate 
and a prospectively determined national federal capital rate. Each hospital's 
hospital-specific rate was determined based upon allowable capital costs 
incurred during the "base year", which, for all of the Company's hospitals, 
is the year ended December 31, 1990. All of the Company's hospitals are paid 
under the "hold harmless" methodology except for one hospital, which is paid 
under the "fully prospective" methodology. 

   Within certain limits, a hospital can manage its costs, and, to the extent 
this is done effectively, a hospital may benefit from the DRG system. 
However, many hospital operating costs are incurred in order to satisfy 
licensing laws, standards of the Joint Commission on the Accreditation of 
Healthcare Organizations and quality of care concerns. In addition, hospital 
costs are affected by the level of patient acuity, occupancy rates and local 
physician practice patterns, including length of stay judgments and number 
and type of tests and procedures ordered. A hospital's ability to control or 
influence these factors which affect costs is, in many cases, limited. 

   There have been additional proposals either proposed by the Administration 
or in Congress to reduce the funds available for the Medicare and Medicaid 
programs and to change the method by which hospitals are reimbursed for 
services provided to Medicare and Medicaid patients, including free indigent 
care. In addition, state governments may, in the future, reduce funds 
available under the Medicaid programs which they fund in part or impose 
additional restrictions on the utilization of hospital services. A number of 
legislative initiatives were proposed in 1994, and may be proposed again in 
1995, which if enacted would result in major changes in the health care 
system, nationally and/or at the state level. Several of these proposals 
would impose price controls on hospitals, require that all businesses offer 
health insurance to their employees, expand health insurance coverage to 
those presently uninsured, and limit the rate of increase in spending for 
Medicare and other health care costs as part of overall deficit reduction 
measures. The Company is unable to predict which bill, if any, will be 
adopted, or the ultimate impact its adoption would have on the Company; 
however, new legislation, if passed, could have a material adverse effect on 
the Company's future revenues. 

   In addition to federal health reform efforts, several states have adopted 
or are considering health care reform legislation. Several states are 
planning to consider wider use of managed care for their Medicaid populations 
and providing coverage for some people who presently are uninsured. A number 
of other states are considering the enactment of managed care initiatives 
designed to provide low-cost coverage. 


                                      4

<PAGE>

   The Company currently operates two psychiatric hospitals with a total of 
186 beds in Massachusetts, which has mandated hospital rate-setting. The 
Company also operates three hospitals containing an aggregate of 378 beds, 
and manages one hospital with 512 beds, in Florida that are subject to a 
mandated form of rate-setting if increases in hospital revenues per admission 
exceed certain target percentages. The Company does not believe that such 
regulation has had a material adverse effect on its operations. 

   Pursuant to Federal legislation, in general, the Federal government is 
required to match state funds applied to state Medicaid programs. Several 
states have initiated programs under which certain hospital providers are 
taxed to generate Medicaid funds which must be matched by the Federal 
government. New legislation passed by Congress on November 27, 1991, limits 
each state's use of provider taxes in 1994. State programs involving provider 
taxes in which UHS' hospitals are participants are in place in Texas, 
Louisiana, Missouri, Nevada and Washington. Included in the Company's 1994 
financial results is revenue attributable to these programs, some of which 
expired in 1994. The Company cannot predict whether the remaining programs 
will continue beyond the scheduled termination dates. 

   Under the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993 ("OBRA"), enacted by 
Congress in late 1993, and effective January 1, 1995, physicians are 
precluded from referring Medicare and Medicaid patients for a wide range of 
services where the physician has an ownership interest or investment interest 
in, or compensation arrangement with, an entity that provides such services. 
The legislation includes certain exceptions including, for example, where the 
referring physician has an ownership interest in a hospital as a whole or an 
ambulatory surgery center if the physician performs services at the center. 
In addition, all Medicare providers and suppliers are subject to certain 
reporting and disclosure requirements. 

   In 1991, 1992 and 1993, the Inspector General of the Department of Health 
and Human Services ("HHS") issued regulations. These regulations provide for 
"safe harbors"; if an arrangement or transaction meets each of the 
stipulations established for a particular safe harbor, the arrangement will 
not be subject to challenge by the Inspector General. If an arrangement does 
not meet the safe harbor criteria, it will be analyzed under its particular 
facts and circumstances to determine whether it violates the Medicare 
anti-kickback statute which prohibits, in general, fraudulent and abusive 
practices, and enforcement action may be taken by the Inspector General. In 
addition to the investment interests safe harbor, other safe harbors include 
space rental, equipment rental, personal service/management contracts, sales 
of a physician practice, referral services, warranties, employees, discounts 
and group purchasing arrangements, among others. 

   The Company does not anticipate that either the OBRA provisions or the 
safe harbor regulations will have material adverse effects upon its 
operations. 

   Several states, including Florida and Nevada, have passed new legislation 
which limits physician ownership in medical facilities providing imaging 
services, rehabilitation services, laboratory testing, physical therapy and 
other services. This legislation is not expected to significantly affect the 
Company's operations. 

   All hospitals are subject to compliance with various federal, state and 
local statutes and regulations and receive periodic inspection by state 
licensing agencies to review standards of medical care, equipment and 
cleanliness. The Company's hospitals must comply with the licensing 
requirements of federal, state and local health agencies, as well as the 
requirements of municipal building codes, health codes and local fire 
departments. In granting and renewing licenses, a department of health 
considers, among other things, the physical buildings and equipment, the 
qualifications of the administrative personnel and nursing staff, the quality 
of care and continuing compliance with the laws and regulations relating to 
the operation of the facilities. State licensing of facilities is a 
prerequisite to certification under the Medicare and Medicaid programs. 
Various other licenses and permits are also required in order to dispense 
narcotics, operate pharmacies, handle radioactive materials and operate 
certain equipment. All the Company's eligible hospitals have been accredited 
by the Joint Commission on the Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations. 


                                      5 

<PAGE>

   The Social Security Act and regulations thereunder contain numerous 
provisions which affect the scope of Medicare coverage and the basis for 
reimbursement of Medicare providers. Among other things, this law provides 
that in states which have executed an agreement with the Secretary of the 
Department of Health and Human Services (the "Secretary"), Medicare 
reimbursement may be denied with respect to depreciation, interest on 
borrowed funds and other expenses in connection with capital expenditures 
which have not received prior approval by a designated state health planning 
agency. Additionally, many of the states in which the Company's hospitals are 
located have enacted legislation requiring certificates of need ("CON") as a 
condition prior to hospital capital expenditures, construction, expansion, 
modernization or initiation of major new services. Failure to obtain 
necessary state approval can result in the inability to complete an 
acquisition or change of ownership, the imposition of civil or, in some 
cases, criminal sanctions, the inability to receive Medicare or Medicaid 
reimbursement or the revocation of a facility's license. The Company has not 
experienced and does not expect to experience any material adverse effects 
from those requirements. 

   Health planning statues and regulatory mechanisms are in place in many 
states in which the Company operates. These provisions govern the 
distribution of health care services, the number of new and replacement 
hospital beds, administer required state CON laws, contain health care costs, 
and meet the priorities established therein. Significant CON reforms have 
been proposed in a number of states, including increases in the capital 
spending thresholds and exemptions of various services from review 
requirements. The Company is unable to predict the impact of these changes 
upon its operations. 

   Federal regulations provide that admissions and utilization of facilities 
by Medicare and Medicaid patients must be reviewed in order to insure 
efficient utilization of facilities and services. The law and regulations 
require Peer Review Organizations ("PROs") to review the appropriateness of 
Medicare and Medicaid patient admissions and discharges, the quality of care 
provided, the validity of DRG classifications and the appropriateness of 
cases of extraordinary length of stay. PROs may deny payment for services 
provided, assess fines and also have the authority to recommend to HHS that a 
provider that is in substantial non-compliance with the standards of the PRO 
be excluded from participating in the Medicare program. The Company has 
contracted with PROs in each state where it does business as to the scope of 
such functions. 

   The Company's health care operations generate medical waste that must be 
disposed of in compliance with federal, state and local environmental laws, 
rules and regulations. In 1988, Congress passed the Medical Waste Tracking 
Act. Infectious waste generators, including hospitals, now face substantial 
penalties for improper arrangements regarding disposal of medical waste, 
including civil penalties of up to $25,000 per day of noncompliance, criminal 
penalties of $150,000 per day, imprisonment, and remedial costs. The 
comprehensive legislation establishes programs for medical waste treatment 
and disposal in designated states. The legislation also provides for sweeping 
inspection authority in the Environmental Protection Agency, including 
monitoring and testing. The Company believes that its disposal of such wastes 
is in compliance with all state and federal laws. 

MEDICAL STAFF AND EMPLOYEES 

   The Company's hospitals are staffed by licensed physicians who have been 
admitted to the medical staff of individual hospitals. With a few exceptions, 
physicians are not employees of the Company's hospitals and members of the 
medical staffs of the Company's hospitals also serve on the medical staffs of 
hospitals not owned by the Company and may terminate their affiliation with 
the Company's hospitals at any time. The Company's facilities had 
approximately 9,800 employees at December 31, 1994, of whom 7,400 were 
employed full-time. 

   At Valley Hospital Medical Center in Las Vegas, unionized employees belong 
to the Culinary Workers and Bartenders Union and the International Union of 
Operating Engineers. Registered nurses at Auburn General Hospital located in 
Washington State, are represented by the Washington State Nurses Association, 
and the practical nurses at Auburn are represented by the United Food and 
Commercial Workers. The Service Employees International Union, Local 6, 
purports to have perfected an affiliation with the LPNA. That affiliation is 
currently being challenged by Seattle area hospitals in Federal court. In 
addition, at Auburn, the technical employees are represented by the United 
Food and Commercial Workers, and the service employees are represented by the 
Service Employees International Union. The registered nurses, licensed 
practical nurses, certain technicians and therapists, and housekeeping 
employees at the Human Resource Institute in Boston are represented by the 
Service Employees International Union. All full-time and regular part-time 
professional employees of LaAmistad Residential Treatment Center in Maitland, 
Florida are represented by the United Nurses of Florida/United Health Care 
Employees Union. 


                                     6
<PAGE>

   The Company believes that its relations with its employees are 
satisfactory. 

COMPETITION 

   In most geographical areas in which the Company operates, there are other 
hospitals which provide services comparable to those offered by the Company's 
hospitals, some of which are owned by governmental agencies and supported by 
tax revenues, and others of which are owned by nonprofit corporations and may 
be supported to a large extent by endowments and charitable contributions. 
Such support is not available to the Company's hospitals. Certain of the 
Company's competitors have greater financial resources, are better equipped 
and offer a broader range of services than the Company. In addition, certain 
hospitals which are located in the areas served by the Company are special 
service hospitals providing medical, surgical and psychiatric services that 
are not available at the company's or other general hospitals. The 
competitive position of a hospital is to a large degree dependent upon the 
number and quality of staff physicians. Although a physician may at any time 
terminate his or her affiliation with a hospital, the Company seeks to retain 
doctors of varied specializations on its hospital staffs and to attract other 
qualified doctors by improving facilities and maintaining high ethical and 
professional standards. The competitive position of a hospital is also 
affected by the presence of managed care organizations such as preferred 
provider organizations and health maintenance organizations and indemnity 
insurance programs in the hospital's service area. Such organizations 
normally require a discount from a hospital's established charges. Outpatient 
treatment and diagnostic facilities, outpatient surgical centers and 
freestanding ambulatory surgical centers also impact the health care 
marketplace. In recent years, competition among health care providers for 
patients has intensified as hospital occupancy rates in the United States 
have declined due to, among other things, regulatory and technological 
changes, increasing use of managed care payment systems, cost containment 
pressures, a shift toward outpatient treatment and an increasing supply of 
physicians. The Company's strategies are designed, and management believes 
that its facilities are positioned, to be competitive under these changing 
circumstances. 

LIABILITY INSURANCE 

   The Company is self-insured for its general liability risks for claims 
limited to $5 million per occurrence and for its professional liability risks 
for claims limited to $25 million per occurrence. Coverage in excess of these 
limits up to $100 million is maintained with major insurance carriers. During 
1994 and 1993, the Company purchased a general and professional liability 
occurrence policy with a commercial insurer for one of its larger acute care 
facilities. This policy includes coverage up to $25 million per occurrence 
for general and professional liability risks. Although the Company feels that 
it currently has adequate insurance coverage, the commercial policies are 
limited to one-year terms and require annual renegotiation or replacement. 
The Company has no assurance that it will be able to maintain such insurance 
in the future on terms acceptable to the Company. 

                                       7
<PAGE>

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT 

   The executive officers of the Company, whose terms will expire at such 
time as their successors are elected, are as follows: 

        Name and Age                 Present Position with the Company 
- ---------------------------   --------------------------------------------- 
Alan B. Miller (57)  .......  Director, Chairman of the Board, President 
                                and Chief Executive Officer 
Kirk E. Gorman (44)  .......  Senior Vice President and 
                                Chief Financial Officer 
Richard C. Wright (47)  ....  Vice President 
Thomas J. Bender (42)  .....  Vice President 
Michael G. Servais (48)  ...  Vice President 
Steve G. Filton (37)  ......  Vice President and Controller 
Sidney Miller (68)  ........  Director and Secretary 

   Mr. Alan B. Miller has been Chairman of the Board, President and Chief 
Executive Officer of the Company since its inception. Prior thereto, he was 
President, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of American 
Medicorp, Inc. 

   Mr. Gorman was elected Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
in December 1992, and has served as Vice President and Treasurer of the 
Company since April 1987. From 1984 until then, he served as Senior Vice 
President of Mellon Bank, N.A. Prior thereto, he served as Vice President of 
Mellon Bank, N.A. 

   Mr. Wright was elected Vice President of the Company in May 1986. He has 
served in various capacities with the Company since 1978, including Senior 
Vice President of its Acute Care Division since 1985. 

   Mr. Bender was elected Vice President of the Company in March 1988. He has 
served in various capacities with the Company since 1982, including 
responsibility for the Psychiatric Care Division since November 1985. 

   Mr. Filton was elected Vice President and Controller of the Company in 
November 1991, and had served as Director of Accounting and Control since 
July 1985. 

   Mr. Servais was elected Vice President of the Company in January 1994, and 
had served as Assistant Vice President of the Company since January 1993, and 
Group Director since December 1990. Prior thereto, he served as President of 
Jupiter Hospital Corporation, and Vice President of Operations of American 
Health Group International. 

   Mr. Sidney Miller has served as Secretary of the Company since 1990 and 
Director of the Company since 1978. He has served in various capacities with 
the Company, including Executive Vice President since 1983, Vice President 
since 1978, and Assistant to the President during 1993 and 1994. Prior 
thereto, he was Vice President-Financial Services and Control of American 
Medicorp, Inc. 


ITEM 2. Properties 

EXECUTIVE OFFICES 

   The Company owns an office building with 68,000 square feet available for 
use located on 11 acres of land in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania. The Company 
currently uses approximately 40,000 square feet of office space in the 
building and the balance is leased to unrelated entities. 

                                       8

<PAGE>

Hospitals and Centers 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                             ACUTE CARE HOSPITALS 

<S>                           <C>                              <C>

Auburn General Hospital       McAllen Medical Center(1)        Victoria Regional Medical  
Auburn, Washington            McAllen, Texas                     Center 
149 Beds                      428 Beds                         Victoria, Texas 
Chalmette Medical Center(1)   Northern Nevada Medical          154 Beds 
Chalmette, Louisiana            Center(3)                      Wellington Regional Medical 
118 Beds                      Sparks, Nevada                     Center(1) 
Doctors' Hospital of          150 Beds                         West Palm Beach, Florida
  Shreveport(2)               River Parishes Hospital(6)       120 Beds 
Shreveport, Louisiana         LaPlace and Chalmette,           Aiken Regional Medical 
180 Beds                      Louisiana                          Centers(9)
Edinburg Hospital             216 Beds                         Aiken, South Carolina
Edinburg, Texas               Universal Medical Center         225 Beds
112 Beds                      Plantation, Florida              Manatee Memorial
Inland Valley Regional        202 Beds                           Hospital(7)
  Medical Center(1)           Valley Hospital Medical Center   Bradenton, Florida
Wildomar, California          Las Vegas, Nevada                512 Beds
80 Beds                       416 Beds                         

                          BEHAVIORAL HEALTH CENTERS 

The Arbour Hospital           HRI Hospital                     The Pavilion(8)    
Boston, Massachusetts         Brookline, Massachusetts         Champaign, Illinois 
118 Beds                      68 Beds                          48 Beds 
The BridgeWay(1)              KeyStone Center(4)               River Crest Hospital
North Little Rock, Arkansas   Wallingford, Pennsylvania        San Angelo, Texas
70 Beds                       84 Beds                          80 Beds 
Del Amo Hospital              La Amistad Residential           River Oaks Hospital
Torrance, California            Treatment Center               New Orleans, Louisiana
166 Beds                      Maitland, Florida                126 Beds 
Forest View Hospital          56 Beds                          Turning Point Hospital(4)
Grand Rapids, Michigan        Meridell Achievement Center(1)   Moultrie, Georgia 
62 Beds                       Austin, Texas                    59 Beds 
Glen Oaks Hospital            114 Beds                         Two Rivers Psychiatric Hospital 
Greenville, Texas                                              Kansas City, Missouri      
53 Beds                                                        80 Beds       

                          AMBULATORY SURGERY CENTERS 

Goldring Surgical and         Outpatient Surgical Center of    Surgery Center of Littleton(5)
  Diagnostic Center             Ponca City(5)                    Littleton, Colorado 
Las Vegas, Nevada             Ponca City, Oklahoma             Surgery Center of Springfield(5)
Surgery Centers of the        The Regional Cancer Center at    Springfield, Missouri 
  Desert(5)                     Wellington                     Surgery Center of Texas(5)
Rancho Mirage, California     West Palm Beach, Florida         Odessa, Texas 
Palm Springs, California      St. George Surgical Center(5)    Surgical Center of
M.D. Physicians Surgicenter   St. George, Utah                   New Albany(5) 
  of Midwest City(5)          The Surgery Center of            New Albany, Indiana 
Midwest City, Oklahoma          Chalmette                      Surgery Center of Corona(5) 
                              Chalmette, Louisiana             Corona, California 

</TABLE>
 
                                      9
<PAGE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                          RADIATION ONCOLOGY CENTERS 

<S>                                                    <C>  
Auburn Regional Center for Cancer Care                 Glasgow Radiation Oncology Associates(8)       
Auburn, Washington                                     Glasgow, Kentucky 
Bowling Green Radiation Oncology Associates(8)         Madison Radiation Oncology Associates     
Bowling Green, Kentucky                                Madison, Indiana 
Capital Radiation Therapy Center(8)                    McAllen Medical Center Cancer Institute 
Frankfort, Kentucky                                    McAllen, Texas
Columbia Radiation Oncology                            Regional Cancer Center at Wellington           
Washington, D.C.                                       West Palm Beach, Florida
Danville Radiation Therapy Center(8)                   Southern Indiana Radiation Therapy
Danville, Kentucky                                     Jeffersonville, Indiana 
</TABLE>


- ------ 
(1) Real property leased from UHT (see Item 1. Business). 
(2) Real property leased with an option to purchase. 
(3) General partnership interest in limited partnership. 
(4) Addictive disease facility. 
(5) General partnership and limited partnership interests in a limited 
    partnership. The real property is leased from third parties. 
(6) Includes Chalmette Hospital, a 114-bed rehabilitation facility, the real 
    property of which is leased from UHT. 
(7) Managed Hospital. The Company has agreed to acquire this facility. 
(8) Managed Facility. 
(9) The Company has entered into an agreement to exchange the operations and 
    fixed assets of Westlake Medical Center, a 126-bed acute care facility in 
    Westlake, California, and Dallas Family Hospital, a 104-bed hospital in 
    Dallas, Texas for Aiken Regional Medical Centers. The transaction is 
    expected to be consummated in the second quarter of 1995. 


   Some of these facilities are subject to mortgages, and substantially all 
the equipment located at these facilities is pledged as collateral to secure 
long-term debt. The Company owns or leases medical office buildings adjoining 
certain of its hospitals. 

ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings 

   The Company is subject to claims and suits in the ordinary course of 
business, including those arising from care and treatment afforded at the 
Company's hospitals and is party to various other litigation. However, 
management believes the ultimate resolution of these pending proceedings will 
not have a material adverse effect on the Company. 

ITEM 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 

   Inapplicable. No matter was submitted during the fourth quarter of the 
fiscal year ended December 31, 1994 to a vote of security holders. 


                                       10
<PAGE>

                                   PART II 
ITEM 5.Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters 

   See Item 6, Selected Financial Data 

ITEM 6. Selected Financial Data 


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Year Ended December 31              1994             1993             1992             1991              1990 
- ---------------------------   --------------   --------------    --------------   --------------   -------------- 
<S>                           <C>              <C>                <C>              <C>                <C>
Summary of Operations 
  Net revenues .............  $782,199,000     $761,544,000       $731,227,000     $691,619,000       $674,982,000 
  Net income ...............  $ 28,720,000     $ 24,011,000       $ 20,020,000     $ 20,319,000       $ 11,607,000 
  Net margin ...............          3.7%             3.2%               2.7%             2.9%               1.7% 
  Return on average equity .         11.8%            11.2%              10.3%            11.6%               7.1% 
Financial Data 
  Cash provided by 
    operating activities ...  $ 60,624,000     $ 84,640,000       $ 81,731,000     $ 47,190,000       $ 47,552,000 
  Capital expenditures(1)...  $ 48,652,000     $ 52,690,000       $ 40,554,000     $ 29,926,000       $ 29,125,000 
  Total assets .............  $521,492,000     $460,422,000       $472,427,000     $500,706,000       $535,041,000 
  Long-term borrowings .....  $ 85,125,000     $ 75,081,000       $114,959,000     $127,235,000       $205,646,000 
  Common stockholders' 
    equity  ................  $260,629,000     $224,488,000       $202,903,000     $184,353,000       $167,419,000 
  Percentage of total debt 
    to capital  ............           26%              26%                37%              49%                56% 
Operating Data 
  Average licensed beds ....         3,543            3,682              3,562            3,656              3,801 
  Average available beds ...         3,241            3,345              3,229            3,320              3,428 
  Hospital admissions ......        88,956           85,005             83,324           84,857             88,116 
  Average length of patient 
    stay  ..................           6.5              6.8                7.2              7.6                7.5 
  Patient days .............       574,311          580,398            603,893          641,607            662,873 
  Occupancy rate for 
    licensed beds  .........           44%              43%                46%              48%                48% 
  Occupancy rate for  
    available beds  ........           49%              48%                51%              53%                53% 
Per Share Data 
  Net income ...............  $       2.02     $       1.71       $       1.43    $        1.45       $       0.84 
  Book value ...............  $      18.87     $      16.69       $      14.88    $       13.42       $      12.21 
Common Stock 
  Performance 
  Market price of common 
    stock 
  High Low, by quarter(2)  
   1st  ....................   26 5/8-19 1/4       16-12 5/8      15 1/2-12 3/8     14 1/4-8 1/4          10-8 1/2 
   2nd  ....................   26 7/8-22 1/2       16 1/4-13      13 7/8-11 1/8    15 7/8-13 1/8       9 1/2-7 5/8   
   3rd  ....................   29 1/2-25 7/8       17-14 1/2      13 3/8-11 1/4    17 5/8-14 5/8          10-6 3/8 
   4th  ....................   28 1/8-21 3/8   20 5/8-16 5/8      15 1/8-11 3/4        16-10 7/8       9 1/4-6 3/8 
</TABLE>
- ------ 
(1) Amount includes non-cash capital lease obligations. 
(2) These prices are the high and low closing sales prices of the Company's 
    Class B Common Stock as reported by the New York Stock Exchange since June 
    7, 1991 and NASDAQ for all periods prior to June 7, 1991. Class A, C and D 
    Common Stock are convertible on a share-for-share basis into Class B Common 
    Stock. 

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
  <S>                          <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>
 Other Information 
  Average number of 
   shares and share 
   equivalents 
   outstanding  .........      14,389,000       14,819,000       14,970,000       14,992,000       13,823,000 
</TABLE>

   The 1994, 1993 and 1992 earnings per share and average number of shares 
outstanding have been adjusted to reflect the assumed conversion of the 
Company's convertible debentures. In April 1994, the Company redeemed the 
debentures which reduced the fully diluted number of shares outstanding by 
451,233. The common equivalent shares and the corresponding interest savings 
on the assumed conversion of the convertible debentures were not included in 
the 1991 or 1990 earnings per share computations because the effect was anti- 
dilutive. 

     
                                       11

<PAGE>

   Number of shareholders of record as of January 31, 1995 were as follows: 

- --------------------------- 
Class A Common            7 
Class B Common          608 
Class C Common            7 
Class D Common          345 
- --------------------------- 

ITEM 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Operations and Financial 
Condition 

              MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF OPERATIONS 
                           AND FINANCIAL CONDITION 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   Net revenues increased 3% ($21 million) to $782 million in 1994 and 4% 
($30 million) to $762 million in 1993. Increases in both periods resulted 
primarily from revenue growth at facilities owned during each of the last 
three years, and the acquisition and development of ambulatory treatment 
centers, net of the revenue effects of facilities sold during these periods. 
Net revenues at hospital facilities owned during all three periods increased 
by 6.7% ($46 million) in 1994 over 1993 and 7.2% ($47 million) in 1993 over 
1992, excluding the additional revenues received from the special Medicaid 
reimbursements received by one of the Company's acute care facilities which 
participates in the Texas Medical Assistance Program. Upon meeting certain 
conditions of participation and serving a disproportionately high share of 
the state's low income patients, the hospital became eligible and received 
additional reimbursements totalling $12.4 million in 1994, $13.5 million in 
1993 and $29.8 million in 1992 from the state's disproportionate share 
hospital fund. These programs are scheduled to terminate in August, 1995 and 
the Company cannot predict whether these programs will continue beyond the 
scheduled termination date. Net revenues at the Company's ambulatory 
treatment centers increased to $17 million in 1994 from $11 million in 1993 
and $2 million in 1992. The Company sold two hospitals in the fourth quarter 
of 1993, which reported net revenues of $38 million in 1993 and $48 million 
in 1992. 

   Excluding the revenue effects of the special Medicaid reimbursement 
programs, earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation, amortization, 
lease and rental expense and non-recurring transactions (EBITDAR) increased 
from $106 million in 1992 to $113 million in 1993 and to $127 million in 
1994. Overall operating margins improved from approximately 15% in both 1992 
and 1993 to 16.5% in 1994. The improvement in the Company's overall operating 
margins in 1994 is due primarily to the divestiture of the two low margin 
acute care facilities in 1993 and lower insurance expense in 1994 as compared 
to the previous two years. 

ACUTE CARE SERVICES 

   Net revenues from the Company's acute care hospitals and ambulatory 
treatment centers accounted for 85%, 84% and 84% of consolidated net revenues 
in 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively. 

   Net revenues at the Company's acute care hospitals owned during each of 
the last three years increased 9% in 1994 over 1993 and 7% in 1993 over 1992, 
after excluding the revenues received from the special Medicaid 
reimbursements described above. Despite the continued shift in the delivery 
of healthcare services to outpatient care, the Company's acute care hospitals 
experienced a 10% increase in inpatient admissions and a 7% increase in 
patient days in 1994 due primarily to additional capacity and expansion of 
service lines at two of the Company's larger facilities. Admissions and 
patient days at these facilities remained relatively unchanged during 1993 as 
compared to 1992. Outpatient activity at the Company's acute care hospitals 
continues to increase as gross outpatient revenues at these hospitals 
increased 16% in 1994 over 1993 and 18% in 1993 over 1992 and comprised 24% 
of the Company's gross patient revenues in 1994 and 1993 and 23% in 1992. The 
increase is primarily the result of advances in medical technologies, which 
allow more services to be provided on an outpatient basis, and increased 
pressure from Medicare, Medicaid, health maintenance organizations (HMOs), 
preferred provider organizations (PPOs) and insurers to reduce hospital stays 
and provide services, where possible, on a less expensive outpatient basis. 
To accommodate the increased utilization of outpatient services, the Company 
has expanded or redesigned several of its outpatient facilities and services. 

                                       12
<PAGE>
   In addition, to take advantage of the trend toward increased outpatient 
services, the Company has continued to invest in the acquisition and 
development of outpatient surgery and radiation therapy centers. The Company 
currently operates or manages twenty-two outpatient treatment centers, 
including nine added during 1994, which have contributed to the increase in 
the Company's outpatient revenues. The Company expects the growth in 
outpatient services to continue, although the rate of growth may be moderated 
in the future. 

   Excluding the revenues received from the special Medicaid reimbursements 
described above, operating margins (EBITDAR) at the Company's Acute Care 
hospitals owned during all three years were 19.9%, 19.5% and 21.3% in 1994, 
1993 and 1992, respectively. The margin improvement in 1994 over 1993 was 
primarily the result of lower insurance expense. The margin decline from 1992 
to 1993 resulted primarily from deterioration in payer mix and general 
industry trends. Pressure on operating margins is expected to continue due to 
the industry-wide trend away from charge based payers which limits the 
Company's ability to increase its prices. 

BEHAVIORAL HEALTH SERVICES 

   Net revenues from the Company's behavioral health services accounted for 
14%, 15% and 15% of consolidated net revenues in 1994, 1993 and 1992, 
respectively. Net revenues at the Company's psychiatric hospitals owned 
during each of the last three years decreased 7% in 1994 as compared to 1993 
due primarily to a reduction in patient days. Despite a 12% increase in 
admissions in 1994, patient days decreased 3% due to a reduction in the 
average length of stay to 13.8 days in 1994 from 15.9 days in 1993. The 
reduction in the average length of stay is a result of changing practices in 
the delivery of psychiatric care and continued cost containment pressures 
from payers which includes a greater emphasis on the utilization of 
outpatient services. Management of the Company has responded to these trends 
by developing and marketing new outpatient treatment programs. Net revenues 
at these hospitals increased 6% in 1993 as compared to 1992 due to a 17% 
increase in admissions offset by a reduction in the average length of stay to 
15.9 days in 1993 from an average stay of 20.0 days in 1992. The shift to 
outpatient care is reflected in higher revenues from outpatient services, as 
gross outpatient revenues at the Company's psychiatric hospitals increased 
17% in 1994 over 1993 and 39% in 1993 over 1992 and now comprises 15% of 
psychiatric gross patient revenues as compared to 13% in 1993 and 10% in 
1992. In spite of the current environment in which the Company's psychiatric 
facilities are operating and the continually declining average length of 
stay, management continues to believe that there is a great demand for mental 
health services. 

   Operating margins (EBITDAR) at the facilities owned during all three years 
were 15.8% in 1994, 21.5% in 1993 and 17.6% in 1992. The decrease in the 
profit margin in 1994 as compared to 1993 was primarily caused by the 
decrease in the facility's net revenues which declined due to an increase in 
Medicaid denials, a decrease in days of care delivered and a decline in the 
net revenue per day. 

OTHER OPERATING RESULTS 

   During 1994, the Company recorded $9.8 million of nonrecurring charges 
which includes a $4.3 million loss on the anticipated disposal of two acute 
care facilities. The Company expects to exchange these facilities, along with 
cash, for a 225 bed acute and psychiatric care hospital. This transaction is 
expected to be completed during the second quarter of 1995. Also included in 
nonrecurring charges is a $2.8 million write-down in the carrying value of a 
psychiatric hospital owned by the Company and leased to an unaffiliated third 
party which is currently in default under the terms of the lease agreement, a 
$1.4 million write down recorded against the book value of the real property 
of a psychiatric hospital, and $1.3 million of expenses related to the 
disposition of a non-strategic business. Included in the $8.8 million of 
nonrecurring charges recorded in 1993 is a $4.4 million loss on disposal of 
two acute care facilities divested during the fourth quarter of 1993 and $4.4 
million related to the winding down or disposition of non-strategic 
businesses. 

   Depreciation and amortization expense increased $2.8 million in 1994 over 
1993 due primarily to $1.9 million in such expenses related to the Company's 
acquisition of ambulatory treatment centers and the increased depreciation 
expense related to capital expenditures and expansions made in the Company's 
acute care division. Depreciation and amortization expense decreased 
approximately $9.5 million in 1993 as compared to 1992, due primarily to a 
$13.5 million amortization charge in 1992 resulting from the revaluation of 
certain goodwill balances. Partially offsetting this decrease was a $2.4 
million increase in depreciation and amortization expense related to the 
Company's acquisitions of outpatient treatment centers. 


                                       13

<PAGE>
   Interest expense decreased 27% in 1994 as compared to 1993 and 24% in 1993 
as compared to 1992 due to lower average outstanding borrowings. 

   The effective tax rate was 39%, 32% and 51%, in 1994, 1993 and 1992, 
respectively. The increase in the effective tax rate for 1994 as compared to 
1993 was due to the 1993 tax provision containing a reduction in the state 
tax provision. The reduction in the effective tax rate in 1993 as compared to 
1992, in addition to the reduction in the state tax provision mentioned 
above, was attributable to the above mentioned $13.5 million goodwill 
amortization recorded in the 1992 period, which was not deductible for income 
tax purposes. 

GENERAL TRENDS 

   An increased proportion of the Company's revenue is derived from fixed 
payment services, including Medicare and Medicaid which accounted for 44%, 
43% and 39% of the Company's net patient revenues during 1994, 1993 and 1992, 
respectively, excluding the additional revenues from special Medicaid 
reimbursement programs. The Company expects the Medicare and Medicaid 
revenues to continue to increase as a larger portion of the general 
population qualifies for coverage as a result of the aging of the population 
and expansion of state Medicaid programs. The Medicare program reimburses the 
Company's hospitals primarily based on established rates by a diagnosis 
related group for acute care hospitals and by a cost based formula for 
psychiatric hospitals. 

   In addition to the Medicare and Medicaid programs, other payers continue 
to actively negotiate the amounts they will pay for services performed. In 
general, the Company expects the percentage of its business from managed care 
programs, including HMOs and PPOs to grow. The consequent growth in managed 
care networks and the resulting impact of these networks on the operating 
results of the Company's facilities vary among the markets in which the 
Company operates. 

HEALTHCARE REFORM 

   In addition to the trends described above that continue to have an impact 
on operating results, there are a number of other, more general factors 
affecting the Company's business. The Company and the healthcare industry as 
a whole face increased uncertainty with respect to the level of payer 
payments because of national and state efforts to reform healthcare. These 
efforts include proposals at all levels of government to contain healthcare 
costs while making quality, affordable health services available to more 
Americans. The Company is unable to predict which proposals, if any, will be 
adopted or the resulting implications for providers at this time. However, 
the Company believes that the delivery of primary care, emergency care, 
obstetrical and psychiatric services will be an integral component of any 
strategy for controlling healthcare costs and it also believes it is well 
positioned to provide these services. 

INFLATION 

   The healthcare industry is very labor intensive and salaries and benefits 
are subject to inflationary pressures, as are supply costs which tend to 
escalate as vendors pass on the rising costs through price increases. 
Although the Company cannot predict its ability to continue to cover future 
costs increases, management believes that through the adherence to cost 
containment policies, labor management and reasonable price increases, the 
effects of inflation, which has not had a material impact on the results of 
operations during the last three years, on future operating margins should be 
manageable. However, the Company's ability to pass on these increased costs 
associated with providing healthcare to Medicare and Medicaid patients may be 
limited since although these fixed payments rates are indexed for inflation 
annually, the increases have historically lagged behind actual inflation. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

   Net cash provided by operating activities was $60.6 million, $84.6 million 
and $81.7 million for 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively. The $24.0 million 
decrease in 1994 as compared to 1993 was primarily attributable to an 
increase in the number of days of revenues in accounts receivable, 
acceleration in the payment of income taxes and an increase in the payments 
made in settlement of the Company's self-insurance reserves. The unfavorable 
change in the outstanding accounts receivable was caused by a temporary 
decline in cash collections due to information system conversions at the 
Company's hospitals. During each of the past three years, the net cash 


                                       14
<PAGE>

provided by operating activities substantially exceeded the scheduled 
maturities of long-term debt. Acquisitions totalled $25.8 million for 
businesses and assets held for lease in 1994 compared with $11.5 million for 
businesses in 1993. During 1994, the Company invested in additional 
outpatient treatment centers and a 112-bed acute care hospital located in 
Edinburg, Texas. In connection with the acquisition of the Edinburg facility, 
the Company committed to invest at least an additional $30 million to 
renovate the existing facility and construct an additional facility over the 
next three years. The Company expects to continue to invest in the 
acquisition and development of outpatient surgery and radiation centers in 
1995 at a level comparable to 1994. During the fourth quarter of 1994, the 
Company signed letters of intent to acquire a 225-bed acute and psychiatric 
care hospital in Aiken, South Carolina and a 512-bed acute care hospital in 
Bradenton, Florida in exchange for approximately $200 million in cash and two 
acute care facilities. The closing of these transactions are subject to a 
number of conditions. 

   Operating results of the hospital located in Edinburg have been included 
in the financial statements only from the date of acquisition. Assuming the 
above Edinburg, Aiken and Bradenton acquisitions had been completed as of 
January 1, 1994, the unaudited pro forma net revenues and net income would 
have been $952 million and $32 million, respectively. In addition, the 
unaudited pro forma earnings per share would have been $2.25. The unaudited 
pro forma financial information may not be indicative of results that would 
have been reported if the acquisitions had occurred at the beginning of 1994 
and may not be indicative of future operating results. Capital expenditures, 
excluding capital leases, were $44.0 million in 1994, $47.3 million in 1993 
and $33.2 million in 1992. Capital expenditures in 1995 are expected to be 
approximately $33.3 million for capital equipment and renovations of existing 
facilities. Additionally, capital expenditures are expected for new projects 
at existing hospitals and medical office buildings to total approximately 
$36.0 million in 1995. The estimated cost to complete major construction 
projects in progress at December 31, 1994 is approximately $12.3 million. The 
Company believes that its capital expenditure program is adequate to expand, 
improve and equip its existing hospitals. Total debt as a percentage of total 
capitalization was 26% at December 31, 1994 and 1993 down from 37% at 
December 31, 1992. The 1994 and 1993 year-end ratios are the lowest since the 
Company went public in 1981. 

   During 1994 the Company increased its commercial paper facility from $25 
million to $50 million. The facility is a daily valued program which is 
secured by patient accounts receivable. The Company has sufficient patient 
receivables to support a larger program, and upon the mutual consent of the 
Company and the participating lending institutions, the commitment can be 
increased. At December 31, 1994 there were $38.5 million of borrowings 
outstanding under this facility. 

   During 1994, the Company entered into an unsecured $125 million 
non-amortizing revolving credit agreement which matures in August of 1999. 
The agreement contains a provision whereby 50% of the net consideration, in 
excess of $25 million, from the disposition of assets will be applied to 
reduce commitments. At December 31, 1994, the Company had $125 million of 
unused borrowing capacity, and there were no borrowings outstanding under 
this revolving credit agreement. 

   The Company has entered into interest rate swap agreements to reduce the 
impact of changes in interest rates on its floating rate debt. At December 
31, 1994, the Company had interest rate swap agreements with commercial banks 
having a total notional principal amount of $30 million. These agreements 
call for the payment of interest at a fixed rate by the Company in return for 
the payment by the commercial banks of a variable rate interest, which 
effectively fixes the Company's interest rate on a portion of its floating 
rate debt at 11.9%. The interest rate swap agreements in the amounts of $20 
million and $10 million expire in January, 1995 and March, 1996, 
respectively. The effective interest rate on the Company's revolving credit 
and demand notes and commercial paper program including interest rate swap 
expense was 16.1%, 13.9% and 11.2% during 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively. 
The corresponding effective interest rates not including interest rate swap 
expense were 7.9%, 4.6% and 5.5% including commitment fees during 1994, 1993 
and 1992, respectively. Additional interest expense recorded as a result of 
the Company's hedging activity was $1,981,000, $3,160,000 and $4,158,000 in 
1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively. The Company is exposed to credit loss in 
the event of non-performance by the other parties to the interest rate swap 
agreements. These counterparties are major financial institutions and the 
Company does not anticipate nonperformance by the counterparties, which are 
rated AA or better by Moody's Investors Service. The cost to terminate the 
net swap obligations at December 31, 1994 and 1993 was approximately 
$2,133,000 and $4,870,000, respectively. 

                                       15

<PAGE>
   The Company expects to finance all capital expenditures and acquisitions 
with internally generated funds and borrowed funds. Additional borrowed funds 
may be obtained either through refinancing the existing revolving credit 
agreement, the commercial paper facility or the issuance of long-term 
securities. The Company is currently negotiating an increase to its revolving 
credit agreement. 

ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

   The Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets, Consolidated Statements of 
Income, Consolidated Statements of Common Stockholders' Equity, and 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, together with the report of Arthur 
Andersen LLP, independent public accountants, are included elsewhere herein. 
Reference is made to the "Index to Financial Statements and Financial 
Statement Schedule." 

ITEM 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and 
Financial Disclosure 

   None. 

                                   PART III 

ITEM 10.  Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant 

   There is hereby incorporated by reference the information to appear under 
the caption "Election of Directors" in the Company's Proxy Statement, to be 
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after 
December 31, 1994. See also "Executive Officers of the Registrant" appearing 
in Part I hereof. 

ITEM 11. Executive Compensation 

   There is hereby incorporated by reference the information to appear under 
the caption "Executive Compensation" in the Company's Proxy Statement to be 
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after 
December 31, 1994. 

ITEM 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 

   There is hereby incorporated by reference the information to appear under 
the caption "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management" 
in the Company's Proxy Statement, to be filed with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission within 120 days after December 31, 1994. 

ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 

   There is hereby incorporated by reference the information to appear under 
the caption "Certain Relationships and Related Transactions" in the Company's 
Proxy Statement, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
within 120 days after December 31, 1994. 

                                   PART IV 

ITEM 14. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports on Form 8-K 


(A) 1. AND 2. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE. 

   See Index to Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedule on page 
20. 


(B) REPORTS ON FORM 8-K 

   None 

                                       16

<PAGE>
(C) EXHIBITS 


       3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, previously filed 
   as Exhibit 3.1 to Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the 
   quarter ended June 30, 1983, Exhibit 3.2 to Registrant's Annual Report on 
   Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1985, and Exhibit 3.1 to 
   Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 
   1987, are incorporated herein by reference. 
  
       3.2 Bylaws of Registrant as amended, previously filed as Exhibit 3.2 to 
   Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 
   1987, is incorporated herein by reference. 

       9. Stockholders Agreement, dated September 26, 1985, among Alan B. 
   Miller, Thomas L. Kempner, Sidney Miller, Anthony Pantaleoni and George H. 
   Strong, previously filed as Exhibit 9 to Registrant's Annual Report on 
   Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1985, is incorporated herein by 
   reference. 

       9.1 Amendment No. 1, dated as of November 1, 1989, to Stockholders 
   Agreement, dated September 26, 1985, among Alan B. Miller, Thomas L. 
   Kempner, Sidney Miller, Anthony Pantaleoni and George H. Strong, 
   previously filed as Exhibit 9.1 to Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K 
   for the year ended December 31, 1989, is incorporated herein by reference. 

       10.1 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of August 21, 1992 
   among Universal Health Services, Inc., Certain Participating Banks, and 
   Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York, as Agent, previously filed as 
   Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter 
   ended September 30, 1992, is incorporated herein by reference. 

       10.2 Restated Purchase Agreement, dated June 22, 1981, among 
   Registrant, its preferred stockholders and certain of its officers, 
   previously filed as Exhibit 10.10 to Registration Statement No. 2-72393 on 
   Form S-1, is incorporated herein by reference. 

       10.3 Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of July 14, 1992, by and 
   between Registrant and Alan B. Miller, previously filed as Exhibit 10.3 to 
   Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 
   1993, is incorporated herein by reference. 

       10.4 Form of Employee Stock Purchase Agreement for Restricted Stock 
   Grants, previously filed as Exhibit 10.12 to Registrant's Annual Report on 
   Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1985, is incorporated herein by 
   reference. 

       10.5 Advisory Agreement, dated as of December 24, 1986, between 
   Universal Health Realty Income Trust and UHS of Delaware, Inc., previously 
   filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated 
   December 24, 1986, is incorporated herein by reference. 

       10.6 Agreement, effective January 1, 1995, to renew Advisory Agreement, 
   dated as of December 24, 1986, between Universal Health Realty Income 
   Trust and UHS of Delaware, Inc. 

       10.7 Form of Leases, including Form of Master Lease Document for 
   Leases, between certain subsidiaries of the Registrant and Universal 
   Health Realty Income Trust, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Amendment No. 3 of 
   the Registration Statement on Form S-11 and Form S-2 of Registrant and 
   Universal Health Realty Income Trust (Registration No. 33-7872), is 
   incorporated herein by reference. 

       10.8 Share Option Agreement, dated as of December 24, 1986, between 
   Universal Health Realty Income Trust and Registrant, previously filed as 
   Exhibit 10.4 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 24, 
   1986, is incorporated herein by reference. 

       10.9 Corporate Guaranty of Obligations of Subsidiaries Pursuant to 
   Leases and Contract of Acquisition, dated December 24, 1986, issued by 
   Registrant in favor of Universal Health Realty Income Trust, previously 
   filed as Exhibit 10.5 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated 
   December 24, 1986, is incorporated herein by reference. 

       10.10 1989 Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan, previously filed as 
   Exhibit 10.23 to Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year 
   ended December 31, 1989, is incorporated herein by reference. 

                                       17
<PAGE>

       10.11 1990 Employees' Restricted Stock Purchase Plan, previously filed 
   as Exhibit 10.24 to Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year 
   ended December 31, 1990, is incorporated herein by reference. 
  
       10.12 1992 Corporate Ownership Program, previously filed as Exhibit 
   10.24 to Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended 
   December 31, 1991, is incorporated herein by reference. 

       10.13 1992 Stock Bonus Plan, previously filed as Exhibit 10.25 to 
   Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 
   1991, is incorporated herein by reference. 

       10.14 1992 Stock Option Plan, previously filed as Exhibit 10.16 to 
   Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 
   1992, is incorporated herein by reference. 

       10.15 Sale and Servicing Agreement dated as of November 16, 1993, 
   between Certain Hospitals and UHS Receivables Corp., previously filed as 
   Exhibit 10.16 to Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year 
   ended December 31, 1993, is incorporated herein by reference. 

       10.16 Servicing Agreement dated as of November 16, 1993, among UHS 
   Receivables Corp., UHS of Delaware, Inc. and Continental Bank, National 
   Association, previously filed as Exhibit 10.17 to Registrant's Annual 
   Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1993, is incorporated 
   herein by reference. 

       10.17 Pooling Agreement dated as of November 16, 1993, among UHS 
   Receivables Corp., Sheffield Receivables Corporation and Continental Bank, 
   National Association, previously filed as Exhibit 10.18 to Registrant's 
   Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1993, is 
   incorporated herein by reference. 

       10.18 Guarantee dated as of November 16, 1993, by Universal Health 
   Services, Inc. in favor of UHS Receivables Corp., previously filed as 
   Exhibit 10.19 to Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year 
   ended December 31, 1993, is incorporated herein by reference. 

       10.19 Amendment No. 1 to the 1989 Non-Employee Director Stock Option 
   Plan, previously filed as Exhibit 10.20 to Registrant's Annual Report on 
   Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1993, is incorporated herein by 
   reference. 

       10.20 Amendment No. 1 to the 1992 Stock Bonus Plan, previously filed as 
   Exhibit 10.21 to Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year 
   ended December 31, 1993, is incorporated herein by reference. 

       10.21 1994 Executive Incentive Plan, previously filed as Exhibit 10.22 
   to Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 
   1993, is incorporated herein by reference. 

       10.22 Credit Agreement, dated as of August 2, 1994, among Universal 
   Health Services, Inc., Certain Participating Banks, and Morgan Guaranty 
   Trust Company of New York, as Agent, previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to 
   Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 
   1994, is incorporated herein by reference. 

       10.23 Amendment No. 1 to the Pooling Agreement dated as of September 
   30, 1994, among UHS Receivables Corp., Sheffield Receivables Corporation 
   and Bank of America Illinois (as successor to Continental Bank N.A.) as 
   Trustee, previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant's Quarterly Report 
   on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 1994, is incorporated 
   herein by reference. 

       10.24 Amended and Restated 1989 Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan.

       10.25 1992 Stock Option Plan, as Amended. 

       11. Statement re: computation of per share earnings. 

       22. Subsidiaries of Registrant. 

       24. Consent of Independent Public Accountants. 

       27. Financial Data Schedule. 

   Exhibits, other than those incorporated by reference, have been included 
in copies of this Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Stockholders of the Company will be provided with copies of those exhibits 
upon written request to the Company. 

                                       18

<PAGE>
                                  SIGNATURES 

   Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed 
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 


                         UNIVERSAL HEALTH SERVICES, INC. 
                         
                         By:   /s/ ALAN B. MILLER 
                            ----------------------------              
                                  Alan B. Miller 
                                    President 

March 22, 1995 

   Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this 
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the 
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
              Signatures                            Title                     Date 
- ------------------------------------   -----------------------------   ----------------- 
<S>                                    <C>                             <C>
          /s/ ALAN B. MILLER           Chairman of the Board,          March 22, 1995 
  -----------------------------------  President and Director 
            Alan B. Miller             (Principal Executive 
                                       Officer) 

          /s/ SIDNEY MILLER            Secretary and Director          March 24, 1995 
  ----------------------------------- 
             Sidney Miller 

  /s/ LEONARD W. CRONKHITE, JR., MD    Director                        March 24, 1995 
  ----------------------------------- 
     Leonard W. Cronkhite, Jr., MD 

        /s/ ANTHONY PANTALEONI         Director                        March 24, 1995 
  ----------------------------------- 
          Anthony Pantaleoni 

         /s/ MARTIN MEYERSON           Director                        March 23, 1995 
  ----------------------------------- 
            Martin Meyerson 

          /s/ ROBERT H. HOTZ           Director                        March 24, 1995 
  ----------------------------------- 
            Robert H. Hotz 

         /s/ JOHN H. HERRELL           Director                        March 24, 1995 
  ----------------------------------- 
            John H. Herrell 

          /s/ KIRK E. GORMAN           Senior Vice President and       March 21, 1995 
  -----------------------------------  Chief Financial Officer 
            Kirk E. Gorman 

</TABLE>

                                       19

<PAGE>

                       UNIVERSAL HEALTH SERVICES, INC. 
                        INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
                       AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE 

                                 (ITEM 14(A)) 


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                         Page 
                                                                                       ------ 
<S>                                                                                      <C>
Consolidated Financial Statements:  
Report of Independent Public Accountants on Financial Statements and Schedule  ......     21 
Consolidated Statements of Income for the three years ended December 31, 1994  ......     22 
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 1994 and 1993  .......................     23 
Consolidated Statements of Common Stockholders' Equity for the three years ended 
  December 31, 1994 .................................................................     24 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three years ended December 31, 1994  ..     25 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  .........................................     26 
Supplemental Financial Statement Schedule: 
     II  Valuation and Qualifying Accounts  .........................................     36 
</TABLE>

                                       20

<PAGE>
                   REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of Universal Health Services, Inc.: 

   We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Universal 
Health Services, Inc. (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries as of 
December 31, 1994 and 1993, and the related consolidated statements of 
income, common stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three 
years in the period ended December 31, 1994. These consolidated financial 
statements and the schedule referred to below are the responsibility of the 
Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these 
consolidated financial statements and schedule based on our audits. 

   We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing 
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to 
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free 
of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, 
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. 
An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and 
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall 
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a 
reasonable basis for our opinion. 

   In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above 
present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position 
of Universal Health Services, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1994 
and 1993, and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash 
flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1994 in 
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. 

   Our audits were made for the purpose of forming an opinion on the basic 
financial statements taken as a whole. The schedule listed in the Index to 
Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedule is presented for the 
purpose of complying with the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and 
is not a required part of the basic financial statements. This schedule has 
been subjected to the auditing procedures applied in our audits of the basic 
financial statements and, in our opinion, fairly states in all material 
respects the financial data required to be set forth therein in relation to 
the basic financial statements taken as a whole. 


                                        ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP 
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
February 16, 1995 

                                       21

<PAGE>
               UNIVERSAL HEALTH SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
                            Year Ended December 31 

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     1994             1993              1992 
                                                 ------------     ------------      ------------ 
<S>                                              <C>              <C>               <C>
Net revenues  .................................  $782,199,000     $761,544,000      $731,227,000 

Operating charges  ............................ 
  Operating expenses ..........................   298,108,000      299,645,000       285,922,000 
  Salaries and wages ..........................   286,297,000      280,041,000       265,017,000 
  Provision for doubtful accounts .............    58,347,000       55,409,000        45,008,000 
  Depreciation & amortization .................    42,383,000       39,599,000        49,059,000 
  Lease and rental expense ....................    34,097,000       34,281,000        33,854,000 
  Interest expense, net .......................     6,275,000        8,645,000        11,414,000 
  Nonrecurring charges ........................     9,763,000        8,828,000                -- 
                                                 ------------     ------------      ------------   
  Total operating charges .....................   735,270,000      726,448,000       690,274,000 
                                                 ------------     ------------      ------------ 

  Income before income taxes ..................    46,929,000       35,096,000        40,953,000 
  Provision for income taxes ..................    18,209,000       11,085,000        20,933,000 
                                                 ------------     ------------      ------------ 
  Net income ..................................  $ 28,720,000     $ 24,011,000      $ 20,020,000 
                                                 ============     ============      ============ 

  Earnings per common & common share 
   equivalents (fully diluted)  ...............  $       2.02     $       1.71      $       1.43 
                                                 ============     ============      ============ 
  Weighted average number of common shares and 
   equivalents  ...............................    14,389,000       14,819,000        14,970,000 
                                                 ============     ============      ============ 
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial 
statements. 


                                       22

<PAGE>
               UNIVERSAL HEALTH SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
                         CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
 Assets                                                                     December 31 
- -------                                                           ------------------------------ 
                                                                        1994            1993 
                                                                  --------------   ------------- 
<S>                                                                 <C>             <C>
Current Assets  
Cash and cash equivalents  .....................................    $    780,000    $    569,000 
Accounts receivable, net of allowance of $34,957,000 in 1994 
  and $28,444,000 in 1993 for doubtful accounts ................      84,818,000      78,605,000 
Supplies  ......................................................      15,723,000      12,617,000 
Deferred income taxes  .........................................      12,942,000       7,733,000 
Other current assets  ..........................................       4,126,000       2,475,000 
                                                                  --------------   ------------- 
Total current assets  ..........................................     118,389,000     101,999,000 
Property and Equipment 
Land  ..........................................................      34,159,000      29,026,000 
Buildings and improvements  ....................................     314,545,000     284,510,000 
Equipment  .....................................................     218,844,000     191,483,000 
Property under capital lease  ..................................      24,782,000      18,937,000 
                                                                  --------------   ------------- 
                                                                     592,330,000     523,956,000 
Less accumulated depreciation  .................................     265,059,000     231,509,000 
                                                                  --------------   ------------- 
                                                                     327,271,000     292,447,000 
Construction in progress  ......................................       4,372,000       9,985,000 
                                                                  --------------   ------------- 
                                                                     331,643,000     302,432,000 
Other Assets  
Excess of cost over fair value of net assets acquired  .........      38,762,000      38,089,000 
Deferred income taxes  .........................................       2,742,000              -- 
Deferred charges  ..............................................       1,527,000       1,697,000 
Other  .........................................................      28,429,000      16,205,000 
                                                                  --------------   ------------- 
                                                                      71,460,000      55,991,000 
                                                                  --------------   ------------- 
                                                                    $521,492,000    $460,422,000 
                                                                  ==============   ============= 
 Liabilities and Common Stockholders' Equity 
- --------------------------------------------                   
Current Liabilities  
Current maturities of long-term debt  .........................    $  7,236,000    $  4,313,000 
Accounts payable  .............................................      37,185,000      34,038,000 
Accrued liabilities  
  Compensation and related benefits ...........................      20,208,000      16,565,000 
  Interest ....................................................       2,442,000       3,247,000 
  Other .......................................................      32,294,000      25,789,000 
  Federal and state taxes .....................................       4,417,000       2,547,000 
                                                                 --------------   ------------- 
Total current liabilities  ....................................     103,782,000      86,499,000 
Deferred Income Taxes  ........................................              --       3,863,000 
Other Noncurrent Liabilities  .................................      71,956,000      70,491,000 
Long-Term Debt  ...............................................      85,125,000      75,081,000 
Commitments and Contingencies  
Common Stockholders' Equity  
Class A Common Stock, voting, $.01 par value; 
  authorized 12,000,000 shares; issued and outstanding 
  1,090,527 shares in 1994 and 1,139,123 in 1993 ..............          11,000          11,000 
Class B Common Stock, limited voting, $.01 par value; 
  authorized 50,000,000 shares; issued and outstanding 
  12,591,854 shares in 1994 and 12,171,454 in 1993 ............         126,000         122,000 
Class C Common Stock, voting, $.01 par value; 
  authorized 1,200,000 shares; issued and outstanding 
  109,622 shares in 1994 and 114,482 in 1993 ..................           1,000           1,000 
Class D Common Stock, limited voting, $.01 par value; 
  authorized 5,000,000 shares; issued and outstanding 
  22,769 shares in 1994 and 26,223 in 1993 ....................              --              -- 
Capital in excess of par value, net of deferred compensation of 
  $414,000 in 1994 and $291,000 in 1993 .......................      88,295,000      80,878,000 
Retained earnings  ............................................     172,196,000     143,476,000 
                                                                 --------------   ------------- 
                                                                    260,629,000     224,488,000 
                                                                 --------------   ------------- 
                                                                   $521,492,000    $460,422,000 
                                                                 ==============   ============= 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
</TABLE>
                                       23

<PAGE>
               UNIVERSAL HEALTH SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
            Consolidated Statements of Common Stockholders' Equity 
             For the Years Ended December 31, 1994 1993, and 1992 

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          Capital in 
                       Class A     Class B      Class C     Class D       Excess of         Retained 
                       Common       Common       Common      Common       Par Value         Earnings           Total 
                     ---------   ----------    ---------   ---------   --------------   --------------    -------------- 
<S>                    <C>         <C>          <C>         <C>          <C>              <C>              <C>
Balance  
January 1, 1992  ..    $14,000     $121,000     $ 2,000     $ 1,000      $ 84,770,000     $ 99,445,000     $184,353,000 
Common Stock 
  Issued ..........         --           --          --          --         1,134,000               --        1,134,000 
  Converted .......     (2,000)       4,000      (1,000)      (1,000)              --               --               -- 
  Repurchased .....         --       (2,000)         --           --       (2,924,000)              --       (2,926,000) 
Amortization 
  of deferred 
  compensation ....         --           --          --           --          361,000               --          361,000 
Cancellation of 
  stock grant .....         --           --          --           --          (39,000)              --          (39,000) 
Net income  .......         --           --          --           --               --       20,020,000       20,020,000 
                       -------     --------      ------     --------     ------------    -------------     ------------ 
Balance  
January 1, 1993  ..     12,000      123,000       1,000           --       83,302,000      119,465,000      202,903,000 
Common Stock 
  Issued ..........         --        1,000          --           --          518,000               --          519,000 
  Converted .......     (1,000)       1,000          --           --               --               --               -- 
  Repurchased .....         --       (3,000)         --           --       (3,233,000)              --       (3,236,000) 
Amortization of 
  deferred 
  compensation ....        --           --           --           --          333,000               --          333,000 
Cancellation of 
  stock grant .....        --           --           --           --          (42,000)              --          (42,000) 
Net income  .......        --           --           --           --               --       24,011,000       24,011,000 
                       -------     --------      ------     --------     ------------    -------------     ------------ 
Balance  
January 1, 1994  ..     11,000      122,000       1,000           --       80,878,000      143,476,000      224,488,000 
Common Stock 
  Issued ..........        --         9,000          --           --       20,308,000               --       20,317,000 
 Repurchased  .....        --        (5,000)         --           --      (13,144,000)              --      (13,149,000) 
Amortization of 
  deferred 
  compensation ....        --           --           --           --          277,000               --          277,000 
Cancellation of  
  stock grant .....        --           --           --           --          (24,000)              --          (24,000) 
Net income  .......        --           --           --           --               --       28,720,000       28,720,000 
                       -------     --------      -------    --------     ------------    -------------     ------------ 
Balance  
December 31, 1994      $11,000     $126,000      $ 1,000          --     $ 88,295,000     $172,196,000     $260,629,000 
                       =======     ========      =======    ========     ============     =============    ============ 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
</TABLE>
                                       24


<PAGE>
               UNIVERSAL HEALTH SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
                    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
                            Year Ended December 31 

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   1994             1993             1992 
                                                             --------------   --------------    -------------- 
<S>                                                            <C>              <C>              <C>
Cash Flows from Operating Activities:  
  Net income ..............................................    $ 28,720,000     $ 24,011,000     $ 20,020,000 
  Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided 
   by operating activities:  
   Depreciation and amortization  .........................      42,383,000       39,599,000       49,059,000 
   Provision for self-insurance reserves  .................      10,810,000       20,755,000       21,193,000 
   Other non-cash charges  ................................       9,763,000        8,828,000               -- 
Changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects from 
  acquisitions and dispositions: 
   Accounts receivable  ...................................      (4,380,000)      12,928,000        7,608,000 
   Accrued interest  ......................................        (805,000)        (412,000)        (256,000) 
   Accrued and deferred income taxes  .....................      (9,944,000)      (8,990,000)      (9,955,000) 
   Other working capital accounts  ........................       1,710,000        4,858,000        3,960,000 
   Other assets and deferred charges  .....................      (3,064,000)      (5,804,000)      (2,120,000) 
   Other  .................................................         (42,000)       1,002,000          620,000 
   Payments made in settlement of self-insurance claims  ..     (14,527,000)     (12,135,000)      (8,398,000) 
                                                               ------------     ------------     ------------ 
   Net cash provided by operating activities  .............      60,624,000       84,640,000       81,731,000 
                                                               ------------     ------------     ------------ 
Cash Flows from Investing Activities:  
  Property and equipment additions ........................     (43,998,000)     (47,319,000)     (33,244,000) 
  Disposition of assets ...................................       1,132,000          227,000        2,652,000 
  Acquisition of properties previously leased .............      (5,771,000)      (3,218,000)              -- 
  Acquisition of businesses ...............................     (16,794,000)     (11,526,000)      (7,188,000) 
  Acquisition of assets held for lease ....................      (9,059,000)              --               -- 
  Disposition of businesses ...............................       3,791,000       18,492,000       12,355,000 
  Other investments .......................................      (1,079,000)              --               -- 
                                                               ------------     ------------     ------------ 
  Net cash used in investing activities ...................     (71,778,000)     (43,344,000)     (25,425,000) 
                                                               ------------     ------------     ------------ 
Cash Flows from Financing Activities:
  Additional borrowings ...................................      45,469,000        1,800,000       15,375,000 
  Reduction of long-term debt .............................     (21,981,000)     (46,496,000)     (85,900,000) 
  Issuance of common stock ................................       1,026,000          519,000        1,134,000 
  Repurchase of common shares .............................     (13,149,000)      (3,236,000)      (2,926,000) 
                                                               ------------     ------------     ------------ 
  Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities .....      11,365,000      (47,413,000)     (72,317,000) 
                                                               ------------     ------------     ------------ 
Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents  .........         211,000       (6,117,000)     (16,011,000) 
Cash and Cash Equivalents, Beginning of Period  ...........         569,000        6,686,000       22,697,000 
                                                               ------------     ------------     ------------ 
Cash and Cash Equivalents, End of Period  .................    $    780,000     $    569,000     $  6,686,000 
                                                               ============     ============     ============ 
Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information:  
  Interest paid ...........................................    $  7,080,000     $  9,057,000     $ 11,670,000 
  Income taxes paid, net of refunds .......................    $ 28,153,000     $ 19,901,000     $ 31,086,000 


Supplemental Disclosures of Noncash Investing and Financing Activities: 

  See Notes 2, 3 and 6 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
</TABLE>

                                       25
<PAGE>
                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1) SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

   Universal Health Services, Inc. (the "Company") is primarily engaged in 
owning and operating acute care and psychiatric hospitals and ambulatory 
treatment centers. The consolidated financial statements include the 
accounts of the Company, and its majority-owned subsidiaries and partnerships 
controlled by the Company as the managing general partner. All significant 
intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. The more 
significant accounting policies follow: 

   Net Revenues: Net revenues are reported at the estimated net realizable 
amounts from patients, third-party payers, and others for services rendered, 
including estimated retroactive adjustments under reimbursement agreements 
with third-party payers. These net revenues are accrued on an estimated basis 
in the period the related services are rendered and adjusted in future 
periods as final settlements are determined. Medicare and Medicaid net 
revenues represented 44%, 43% and 39% of net patient revenues for the years 
1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively, excluding the additional revenues from 
special Medicaid reimbursement programs described in Note 9. 

   Property and Equipment: Property and equipment are stated at cost. 
Expenditures for renewals and improvements are charged to the property 
accounts. Replacements, maintenance and repairs which do not improve or 
extend the life of the respective asset are expensed as incurred. The Company 
removes the cost and the related accumulated depreciation from the accounts 
for assets sold or retired and the resulting gains or losses are included in 
the results of operations. 

   Depreciation is provided on the straight-line method over the estimated 
useful lives of buildings and improvements (twenty to forty years) and 
equipment (five to fifteen years). 

   Other Assets: The excess of cost over fair value of net assets acquired in 
purchase transactions, net of accumulated amortization of $52,261,000 in 1994 
and $47,663,000 in 1993 is amortized using the straightine method over 
periods ranging from five to forty years. During 1992 the Company recorded a 
$13.5 million charge to amortization expense due to a revaluation of certain 
goodwill balances. 

   During 1994, the Company established an employee life insurance program 
covering approximately 2,500 employees. At December 31, 1994, the cash 
surrender value of the policies ($41.3 million) was recorded net of related 
loans ($41.0 million) and is included in other assets. 

   Long-Lived Assets: It is the Company's policy to review the carrying value 
of long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in 
circumstances indicate that the carrying value of such assets may not be 
recoverable. If such review indicates that the carrying value of the asset is 
not recoverable, it is the Company's policy to reduce the carrying amount of 
such assets to fair value. 

   Earnings per Common and Common Share Equivalents: Earnings per share are 
based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the 
year adjusted to give effect to common stock equivalents. The 1994, 1993 and 
1992 earnings per share have been adjusted to reflect the assumed conversion 
of the Company's convertible debentures. In April 1994, the Company redeemed 
the debentures which reduced the fully diluted number of shares outstanding 
by 451,233. 

   Income Taxes: The Company and its subsidiaries file consolidated Federal 
tax returns. Deferred taxes are recognized for the amount of taxes payable or 
deductible in future years as a result of differences between the tax bases 
of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the financial 
statements. 

   Other Noncurrent Liabilities: Other noncurrent liabilities include the 
long-term portion of the Company's professional and general liability and 
workers' compensation reserves and minority interests in majority owned 
subsidiaries and partnerships. 

   Statement of Cash Flows: For purposes of the consolidated statements of 
cash flows, the Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased 
with maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Interest 
expense in the consolidated statements of income is net of interest income of 
$266,000, $498,000 and $515,000 in 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively. 


                                       26

<PAGE>
   Interest Rate Swap Agreements: In managing interest rate exposure, the 
Company at times enters into interest rate swap agreements. When interest 
rates change, the differential to be paid or received is accrued as interest 
expense and is recognized over the life of the agreements. 

   Reclassifications: Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to 
conform with the current year's presentation. 

2) ACQUISITIONS, DISPOSITIONS AND CLOSURES 

   1994 -- During 1994 the Company purchased majority interests in two 
separate partnerships which own and operate outpatient surgery facilities. 
One of these partnerships was merged with an existing partnership in which 
the Company held a majority ownership. The Company also agreed to manage the 
operations of, and purchased a majority interest in, three separate 
partnerships which lease fixed assets to four radiation therapy centers 
located in Kentucky. In addition, the Company purchased one radiation center 
and majority interests in two separate partnerships which own and operate 
radiation therapy centers. Total consideration for these acquisitions was 
$14.5 million in cash, and the assumption of liabilities totalling $3.0 
million. 

   In November 1994, the Company acquired a 112-bed acute care hospital 
located in Edinburg, Texas for net cash of approximately $11.3 million and 
the assumption of liabilities totalling $2.2 million. In connection with this 
acquisition, the Company committed to invest at least an additional $30 
million, over a four year period, to renovate the existing facility and 
construct an additional facility. 

   During the fourth quarter of 1994, the Company signed a letter of intent 
to acquire a 225-bed acute and psychiatric care hospital located in Aiken, 
South Carolina in exchange for a 104-bed acute care hospital, a 126-bed 
acute and psychiatric care hospital and cash. The majority of the real estate 
assets of the 126-bed facility are currently being leased from Universal 
Health Realty Income Trust (the "Trust") pursuant to the terms of an 
operating lease which expires in 2000. The Company anticipates exchanging 
additional real estate assets with the Trust as consideration for the 
purchase of the real estate assets of this facility (See Note 8). The closing 
of this transaction, which is expected to be completed during the second 
quarter of 1995, is subject to a number of conditions including regulatory 
approval. As a result of this transaction a $4.3 million charge is included 
in the 1994 consolidated statement of income. 

   Also during the fourth quarter of 1994, the Company signed a letter of 
intent to acquire a 512-bed acute care hospital located in Bradenton, 
Florida. The closing of this transaction is subject to a number of 
conditions. Although management does not expect to close this transaction 
until the second quarter of 1995, the Company began to manage the hospital in 
January, 1995 under a separate management contract. Total cash consideration 
for the Aiken and Bradenton acquisitions is expected to approximate $200 
million. 

   Operating results of the hospital located in Edinburg have been included 
in the financial statements only from the date of acquisition. Assuming the 
above Edinburg, Aiken and Bradenton acquisitions had been completed as of 
January 1, 1994 the unaudited pro forma net revenues and net income would 
have been $952 million and $32 million, respectively. In addition, the 
unaudited pro forma earnings per share would have been $2.25. The unaudited 
pro forma financial information may not be indicative of results that would 
have been reported if the acquisitions had occurred at the beginning of 1994 
and may not be indicative of future operating results. 

   1993 -- During 1993 the Company purchased a radiation therapy center and 
majority interests in four separate partnerships which own and operate 
ambulatory surgery facilities for $11.5 million in cash and the assumption of 
liabilities totaling $300,000. 

   During the fourth quarter, the Company sold the operations and fixed 
assets of a 124-bed acute care hospital for approximately $7.8 million in 
cash. The Company also sold the operations and certain fixed assets of a 
134-bed acute care hospital for cash of $1.5 million. Concurrently, the 
Company sold certain related real property to Universal Health Realty Income 
Trust (the "Trust"), an affiliate and the lessor of this 134-bed acute care 
hospital, for $1 million in cash and a note receivable of $900,000 (see Note 
8). In connection with this transaction, the Company's lease with the Trust 
for this property was terminated. The disposition of these two facilities 
resulted in a pre-tax loss of $4.4 million ($2.2 million after tax), which is 
included in nonrecurring charges in the 1993 consolidated statement of 
income. 


                                       27

<PAGE>
   Also during 1993, the Company recorded a pre-tax charge of $4.4 million 
related to the winding down or disposition of other non-strategic businesses 
which is included in nonrecurring charges in the 1993 consolidated statement 
of income. 

   1992 -- During 1992 the Company purchased majority interests in four 
separate partnerships which own and operate ambulatory surgery facilities for 
$7.2 million in cash and the assumption of liabilities totaling $5.4 million. 

   Also during 1992, the Company discontinued operations at a 96-bed acute 
care hospital and sold the fixed assets of this facility for $3.4 million. 
The closing and sale of this hospital did not have a material impact on the 
consolidated financial statements. 

3) LONG-TERM DEBT 

   A summary of long-term debt follows: 

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                   December 31 
                                                                         ------------------------------ 
                                                                              1994            1993 
                                                                         -------------     ------------- 
<S>                                                                       <C>               <C>
Long-term debt:
  Notes payable (including obligations under capitalized leases of 
   $14,004,000 in 1994 and $12,132,000 in 1993) with varying 
   maturities through 2001; weighted average interest at 6.9% in 1994 
   and 7.0% in 1993 (see Note 6 regarding capitalized leases)  ........    $19,442,000       $13,727,000 
  Mortgages payable, interest at 6.0% to 11.0% with varying maturities 
   through 2000  ......................................................      3,745,000         3,811,000 
  Revolving credit and demand notes ...................................      8,950,000         4,600,000 
  Commercial paper ....................................................     38,500,000                -- 
  Revenue bonds: ...................................................... 
   interest at floating rates ranging from 5.5% to 6.9% and one at a 
     fixed  ...........................................................     18,200,000        18,200,000 
   rate of 8.3% at December 31, 1994 with varying maturities through 
     2015  ............................................................      3,524,000         9,151,000 
   Subordinated debt  .................................................             --        29,905,000 
                                                                           -----------       ----------- 
                                                                            92,361,000        79,394,000 
   Less-Amounts due within one year  ..................................      7,236,000         4,313,000 
                                                                           -----------       ----------- 
                                                                           $85,125,000       $75,081,000 
                                                                           ===========       =========== 

</TABLE>

   During 1994, the Company increased its commercial paper facility from $25 
million to $50 million. The facility is a daily valued program which is 
secured by patient accounts receivable. The Company has sufficient patient 
receivables to support a larger program, and upon the mutual consent of the 
Company and the participating lending institutions, the commitment can be 
increased. A fee of .76% is required on this $50 million commitment. 
Outstanding amounts of commercial paper that can be refinanced through 
available borrowings under the Company's revolving credit agreement are 
classified as long-term. 

   The Company entered into an unsecured $125 million non-amortizing 
revolving credit agreement in 1994 which matures in August of 1999 and 
provides for interest, at the Company's option, at the prime rate, 
certificate of deposit rate plus 5/8% to 1 1/8% or Euro-dollar plus 1/2% to 
1%. A fee ranging from 1/8% to 3/8% is required on the unused portion of this 
commitment. The margins over the certificate of deposit, the Euro-dollar 
rates and the commitment fee are based upon leverage and coverage ratios. At 
December 31, 1994 the applicable margins over the certificate of deposit and 
the Euro-dollar rate were 7/8% and 3/4%, respectively, and the commitment fee 
was 1/4%. There are no compensating balance requirements. The agreement 
contains a provision whereby 50% of the net consideration, in excess of $25 
million, from the disposition of assets will be applied to reduce 
commitments. At December 31, 1994, the Company had $125 million of unused 
borrowing capacity, and there were no borrowings outstanding under this 
revolving credit agreement. 

   The average amounts outstanding during 1994, 1993 and 1992 under the 
revolving credit and demand notes and commercial paper program were 
$16,324,000, $25,069,000 and $47,318,000, respectively, with corresponding 
effective interest rates of 7.9%, 4.6% and 5.5% including commitment fees. 
The maximum amounts outstanding at any month-end were $47,450,000, 
$46,800,000 and $91,650,000 during 1994, 1993 and 1992 respectively. 

                                       28

<PAGE>
   The Company has entered into interest rate swap agreements to reduce the 
impact of changes in interest rates on its floating rate revolving credit and 
demand notes and commercial paper program. At December 31, 1994, the Company 
had two interest rate swap agreements with commercial banks having a total 
notional principal amount of $30 million. These agreements call for the 
payment of interest at a fixed rate by the Company in return for the payment 
by the commercial banks of a variable rate interest, which effectively fixes 
the Company's interest rate on a portion of its floating rate debt at 11.9%. 
The interest rate swap agreements in the amounts of $20 million and $10 
million expire in January, 1995 and March, 1996, respectively. The effective 
interest rate on the Company's revolving credit and demand notes and 
commercial paper program including interest rate swap expense was 16.1%, 
13.9% and 11.2% during 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively. Additional interest 
expense recorded as a result of the Company's hedging activity was 
$1,981,000, $3,160,000 and $4,158,000 in 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively. 
The Company is exposed to credit loss in the event of non-performance by the 
counterparties to the interest rate swap agreements. These counterparties are 
major financial institutions and the Company does not anticipate 
nonperformance by the counterparties which are rated AA or better by Moody's 
Investors Service. The cost to terminate the swap obligations at December 31, 
1994 and 1993, was approximately $2,133,000 and $4,870,000, respectively. 

   Covenants relating to long-term debt require maintenance of a minimum net 
worth, specified debt to total capital, debt to EBITDA and fixed charge 
coverage ratios. Covenants also limit the Company's ability to incur 
additional senior debt and to pay cash dividends and repurchase its shares 
and limit capital expenditures, among other restrictions. 

   During 1994, the Company called its 71/2% subordinated convertible 
debentures due 2008. Approximately $11 million of the debentures were 
redeemed in cash and $19 million were converted to the Company's class B 
stock. 

   Substantially all of the Company's accounts receivable are pledged as 
collateral to secure debt. 

   The fair value of the Company's long-term debt at December 31, 1994 was 
approximately equal to its carrying value. 

   The Company is currently negotiating an increase to its revolving credit 
agreement. In connection with this transaction and other potential debt 
transactions to finance the acquisitions discussed in Note 2, the Company has 
entered into two options for interest rate swap agreements to become 
effective June, 1995, with a notional amount of $75 million and expiration 
dates in 2005. 

   Aggregate maturities follow: 

                         -------   ------------- 
                         1995        $ 7,236,000 
                         1996          5,721,000 
                         1997          4,540,000 
                         1998          2,647,000 
                         1999         48,733,000 
                         Later        23,484,000 
                         -------   ------------- 
                         Total       $92,361,000 
                         -------   ------------- 

4) COMMON STOCK 

   During 1994 and 1993, the Company repurchased 509,800 and 224,800 shares 
of Class B Common Stock respectively at an average purchase price of $25.79 
and $14.39 per share, respectively, or an aggregate of approximately $13.2 
million and $3.2 million, respectively. All repurchases during 1994 were made 
subsequent to March 1, 1994. The Company's ability to repurchase its shares 
is limited by long-term debt covenants to $50 million plus 50% of cumulative 
net income since March, 1994. Under the terms of these covenants, the Company 
had the ability to repurchase an additional $61.6 million of its Common Stock 
as of December 31, 1994. The repurchased shares are treated as retired. 

   At December 31, 1994 2,598,439 shares of Class B Common Stock were 
reserved for issuance upon conversion of shares of Class A, C and D Common 
Stock outstanding, for issuance upon exercise of options to purchase Class B 
Common Stock, and for issuance of stock under other incentive plans. Class A, 
C and D Common Stock are convertible on a share for share basis into Class B 
Common Stock. 

                                       29

<PAGE>
   In 1994, the Company adopted a Stock Compensation Plan which was approved 
by the Board of Directors. Under the terms of the Stock Compensation Plan, 
shares may be granted to key employees of the Company and to consultants and 
independent contractors. Shares may not be granted to officers or directors 
of the Company. The Plan will terminate on November 16, 2004, unless 
terminated sooner by the Board. 

   At December 31, 1994 the Company has reserved 50,000 shares of its Class B 
Common Stock for the Stock Compensation Plan. In 1994, 1,800 shares were 
issued. 

   In 1992, the Company adopted a Stock Bonus Plan and a Stock Ownership 
Plan, both of which were approved by the stockholders at the 1992 annual 
meeting. Under the terms of the Stock Bonus Plan, eligible employees may 
elect to receive all or part of their annual bonuses in shares of restricted 
stock (the "Bonus Shares"). Those electing to receive Bonus Shares also 
receive additional restricted shares in an amount equal to 20% of their Bonus 
Shares (the "Premium Shares"). Restrictions on one-half of the Bonus Shares 
and one-half of the Premium Shares lapse after one year and the restrictions 
on the remaining shares lapse after two years. The Company has reserved 
150,000 shares of Class B Common Stock for this plan and has issued 58,178 
shares at December 31, 1994. 

   Under the terms of the Stock Ownership Plan, eligible employees may 
purchase shares of common stock, directly from the Company, at the market 
price. The Company will loan each eligible employee an amount equal to 90% of 
the purchase price for the shares. The loans, which are partially recourse to 
the employee, bear interest at the applicable Federal rate and are due five 
years from the purchase date. Shares purchased under this plan are restricted 
from sale or transfer. Restrictions on one-half of the shares lapse after one 
year and restrictions on the remaining shares lapse after two years. The 
Company has reserved 100,000 shares of Class B Common Stock for this plan. As 
of December 31, 1994, 31,234 shares were sold under the terms of this plan. 

   The Company also has a Restricted Stock Purchase Plan which allows 
eligible participants to purchase shares of Class B Common Stock at par 
value, subject to certain restrictions. Under the terms of this plan, 300,000 
shares of Class B Common Stock have been reserved for purchase by officers, 
key employees and consultants. The restrictions lapse as to one-third of the 
shares on the third, fourth and fifth anniversary dates of the purchase. The 
Company has issued 153,513 shares under this plan, of which 41,336 and 45,000 
became fully vested during 1994 and 1993, respectively. Compensation expense, 
based on the difference between the market price on the date of purchase and 
par value, is being amortized over the restriction period and was $148,000 in 
1994, $240,000 in 1993, $265,000 in 1992. 

   Stock options to purchase Class B Common Stock have been granted to 
officers, key employees and directors of the Company under various plans. 
During 1994, subject to shareholder approval, the Board of Directors approved 
a 600,000 share increase in the reserve for Class B Common Stock available 
for grant, pursuant to the terms of the 1992 Stock Option Plan. All stock 
options were granted with an exercise price equal to the fair market value on 
the date of the grant. Options are exercisable ratably over a four year 
period beginning one year after the date of the grant. The options expire 
five years after the date of the grant. 

                                       30

<PAGE>
   Information with respect to these options is summarized as follows: 

                                              Average 
                                 Number       Option 
Outstanding Options             of Shares      Price 
- ---------------------------     ---------    -------- 
Balance, January 1, 1992  ..     148,002      $ 7.80 
  Granted ..................     135,000      $12.72 
  Exercised ................     (78,487)     $ 6.82 
  Cancelled ................      (4,340)     $12.67 
                                --------     ------- 
Balance, January 1, 1993  ..     200,175      $11.40 
  Granted ..................       7,400      $14.88 
  Exercised ................     (40,238)     $ 7.23 
  Cancelled ................      (3,000)     $12.50 
                                --------     ------- 
Balance, January 1, 1994  ..     164,337      $12.53 
  Granted ..................     560,750      $22.05 
  Exercised ................     (15,988)     $10.98 
  Cancelled ................      (5,500)     $16.64 
                                --------     ------- 
Balance, December 31, 1994       703,599      $20.12 
                                ========     ======= 


   Options for 299,350 shares, subject to shareholder approval as described 
above, were available for grant at December 31, 1994. At December 31, 1994, 
options for 71,801 shares of Class B Common Stock with an aggregate purchase 
price of $893,445 (average of $12.44 per share) were exercisable. 

5) INCOME TAXES 

   Components of income tax expense are as follows: 

                                 Year Ended December 31 
                    ------------------------------------------------ 
                          1994            1993             1992 
                    --------------   -------------    -------------- 
Currently payable 
  Federal ........    $ 27,014,000     $17,315,000     $ 28,495,000 
  State ..........       3,009,000       1,136,000        3,949,000 
                      ------------     -----------     ------------ 
                        30,023,000      18,451,000       32,444,000 
                      ------------     -----------     ------------ 
Deferred  ........ 
  Federal ........     (10,412,000)     (6,482,000)     (10,110,000) 
  State ..........      (1,402,000)       (884,000)      (1,401,000) 
                      ------------     -----------     ------------ 
                       (11,814,000)     (7,366,000)     (11,511,000) 
                      ------------     -----------     ------------ 
  Total ..........    $ 18,209,000     $11,085,000     $ 20,933,000 
                      ============     ===========     ============ 


   The Company accounts for income taxes under the provisions of Statement of 
Financial Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes," (SFAS 
109). Under SFAS 109, deferred taxes are required to be classified based on 
the financial statement classification of the related assets and liabilities 
which give rise to temporary differences. The net effect of the impact of the 
1993 tax law changes on the 1993 current and deferred tax provisions was 
immaterial. 


                                       31
<PAGE>
   Deferred taxes result from temporary differences between the financial 
statement carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities. The 
components of deferred taxes are as follows: 

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 Year Ended December 31 
                                                            -------------------------------- 
                                                                  1994             1993 
                                                            --------------   -------------- 
<S>                                                           <C>              <C>
Self-insurance reserves  .................................    $ 28,944,000     $ 29,134,000 
Doubtful accounts and other reserves  ....................       9,921,000        6,270,000 
State income taxes  ......................................        (126,000)      (1,546,000) 
Other deferred tax assets  ...............................         382,000          491,000 
Depreciable and amortizable assets  ......................     (17,319,000)     (22,434,000) 
Conversion from cash basis to accrual basis of accounting       (5,017,000)      (7,634,000) 
Other deferred tax liabilities  ..........................      (1,101,000)        (411,000) 
                                                              ------------     ------------ 
  Total deferred taxes ...................................    $ 15,684,000     $  3,870,000 
                                                              ============     ============ 

</TABLE>

   A reconciliation between the federal statutory rate and the effective tax 
rate is as follows: 

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    Year Ended December 31 
                                                                 ---------------------------- 
                                                                   1994      1993       1992 
                                                                 -------   -------    ------- 
<S>                                                                <C>       <C>        <C>
Federal statutory rate  .......................................    35.0%     35.0%      34.0% 
Nondeductible (deductible) depreciation, amortization and 
  other .......................................................     1.6      (3.9)      13.0 
State taxes, net of Federal income tax benefit  ...............     2.2       0.5        4.1 
                                                                  -----     -----      ----- 
Effective tax rate  ...........................................    38.8%     31.6%      51.1% 
                                                                  =====     =====      ===== 
</TABLE>

   In 1994 and 1993, the Company reviewed its deferred state tax balances and 
as a result reduced its tax provision by $390,000 and $780,000, respectively. 
The net deferred tax assets and liabilities are comprised as follows: 

                                        Year Ended December 31 
                                   -------------------------------- 
                                         1994             1993 
                                   --------------   -------------- 
Current deferred taxes  
  Assets ........................    $ 16,622,000     $ 10,723,000 
  Liabilities ...................      (3,680,000)      (2,990,000) 
                                    -------------    ------------- 
  Total deferred taxes-current ..      12,942,000        7,733,000 
Noncurrent deferred taxes  
  Assets ........................      22,625,000       25,172,000 
  Liabilities ...................     (19,883,000)     (29,035,000) 
                                    -------------    ------------- 
  Total deferred taxes-noncurrent       2,742,000       (3,863,000) 
                                    -------------    ------------- 
Total deferred taxes  ...........    $ 15,684,000     $  3,870,000 
                                    =============    ============= 



   The assets and liabilities classified as current relate primarily to the 
allowance for uncollectible patient accounts and the current portion of the 
temporary differences related to self-insurance reserves and the change in 
accounting method. Under SFAS 109, a valuation allowance is required when it 
is more likely than not that some portion of the deferred tax assets will not 
be realized. The Company has not provided a valuation allowance since 
management believes that all of the deferred tax assets will be realized 
through the reversal of temporary differences that result in deferred tax 
liabilities and through expected future taxable income. 


                                       32


<PAGE>
6) LEASE COMMITMENTS 

   Certain of the Company's hospital and medical office facilities and 
equipment are held under operating or capital leases which expire through 
2013 (See Note 8). Certain of these leases also contain provisions allowing 
the Company to purchase the leased assets during the term or at the 
expiration of the lease at fair market value. A summary of property under 
capital lease follows: 

                                            December 31 
                                   ---------------------------- 
                                       1994            1993 
                                   -------------   ------------ 
Land, buildings and equipment  .    $23,697,000     $18,937,000 
Less: accumulated amortization       10,426,000       6,400,000 
                                   -------------   ------------ 
                                    $13,271,000     $12,537,000 
                                   ============    ============ 

   Future minimum rental payments under lease commitments with a term of more 
than one year as of December 31, 1994 are as follows: 

                                              Capital        Operating 
Year                                          Leases           Leases 
- ----                                       -----------     ------------ 
1995  .................................    $ 5,581,000     $ 23,693,000 
1996  .................................      4,716,000       21,011,000 
1997  .................................      3,363,000       18,371,000 
1998  .................................      1,618,000       17,012,000 
1999  .................................        381,000       16,405,000 
Later Years  ..........................             --       36,536,000 
                                           -----------     ------------ 
Total minimum rental  .................    $15,659,000     $133,028,000 
                                                           ============ 
Less: Amount representing interest  ...      1,655,000 
                                           ----------- 
Present value of minimum rental
  commitments  ........................     14,004,000 
Less: Current portion of capital lease 
  obligations .........................      4,729,000 
                                           ----------- 
Long-term portion of capital lease 
  obligations  ........................    $ 9,275,000 
                                           =========== 


   Capital lease obligations of $4,654,000, $5,371,000, $7,310,000 in 1994, 
1993 and 1992 respectively, were incurred when the Company entered into 
capital leases for new equipment. 

7) COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

   The Company is self-insured for its general liability risks for claims 
limited to $5 million per occurrence and for its professional liability risks 
for claims limited to $25 million per occurrence. Coverage in excess of these 
limits up to $100 million is maintained with major insurance carriers. During 
1994 and 1993, the Company purchased a general and professional liability 
occurrence policy with a commercial insurer for one of its larger acute care 
facilities. This policy includes coverage up to $25 million per occurrence 
for general and professional liability risks. 

   As of December 1994 and 1993, the reserve for professional and general 
liability risks was $62.4 million and $65.2 million, respectively, of which 
$11.0 million in 1994 and $8.3 million in 1993 is included in current 
liabilities. Self-insurance reserves are based upon actuarially determined 
estimates. 

   The Company has outstanding letters of credit totalling $20 million 
related to the Company's self-insurance programs ($11.0 million), as support 
for various debt instruments ($.4 million) and as support for a loan 
guarantee for an unaffiliated party ($8.6 million). The Company has also 
guaranteed approximately $2 million of loans. 

   During 1994, the Company signed letters of intent to acquire a 512-bed 
acute care hospital located in Bra- denten, Flordia and a 225-bed acute and 
psychiatric care facility located in Aiken, South Carolina. These transactions,
which are subject to a number of conditions, are expected to be completed 
during the second quarter of 1995. In addition to the exchange of certain real 
estate assets, the total cash consideration for these acquisitions 

                                       33

<PAGE>
is expected to approximate $200 million. Additionally, the Company is 
committed to invest at least an additional $30 million, over a four year 
period, to renovate the existing facility and construct an additional 
facility related to its 1994 acquisition of a 112-bed acute care hospital 
located in Edinburg, Texas. (See Note 2). 

   The Company estimates the cost to complete major construction projects in 
progress at December 31, 1994 will approximate $12.3 million. 

   The Company has entered into a long-term contract with a third party to 
provide certain data processing services for its acute care and psychiatric 
hospitals. This contract expires in 1999. 

   Various suits and claims arising in the ordinary course of business are 
pending against the Company. In the opinion of management, the outcome of 
such claims and litigation will not materially affect the Company's 
consolidated financial position or results of operations. 

8) RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

   At December 31, 1994, the Company held approximately 8% of the outstanding 
shares of Universal Health Realty Income Trust (the "Trust"). Certain 
officers and directors of the Company are also officers and/or Directors of 
the Trust. The Company accounts for its investment in the Trust using the 
equity method of accounting. The Company's pre-tax share of income/(loss) 
from the Trust was $1,095,000, $757,000 and ($110,000) in 1994, 1993 and 1992 
respectively, and is included in net revenues in the accompanying 
consolidated statements of income. The carrying value of this investment at 
December 31, 1994 and 1993 was $8,404,000 and $7,375,000, respectively and is 
included in other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The 
market value of this investment at December 31, 1994 and 1993 was $11,261,000 
and $10,352,000, respectively. 

   During 1993, pursuant to the terms of its lease with the Trust, the 
Company purchased the real property of a 48-bed psychiatric hospital located 
in Texas for $3.2 million. The real property of this hospital was previously 
leased by the Company and base rental payments continued under the existing 
lease until the date of sale. Operations at this hospital were discontinued 
during the first quarter of 1992, however, the facility is currently being 
utilized for outpatient services at one of the Company's acute care 
hospitals. Also during 1993, the Company sold to the Trust certain real 
estate assets of a 134-bed hospital located in Illinois for approximately 
$1.9 million. These assets consisted of additions and improvements made to 
the facility by the Company since the sale of the major portion of the real 
estate assets to the Trust in 1986. The operations of this facility were sold 
during 1993 to an operator unaffiliated with the Company. 

   As of December 31, 1994, the Company leased eight hospital facilities from 
the Trust with initial terms expiring in 1999 through 2003. These leases 
contain up to six 5-year renewal options. Future minimum lease payments to 
the Trust are included in Note 6. The terms of the lease provide that in the 
event the Company discontinues operations at the leased facility for more 
than one year, the Company is obligated to offer a substitute property. If 
the Trust does not accept the substitute property offered, the Company is 
obligated to purchase the leased facility back from the Trust at a price 
equal to the greater of its then fair market value or the original purchase 
price paid by the Trust (See Note 2). Total rent expense under these 
operating leases was $15,700,000 in 1994, $16,600,000 in 1993 and $17,000,000 
in 1992. The Company received an advisory fee of $909,000 in 1994, $880,000 
in 1993 and $913,000 in 1992 from the Trust for investment and administrative 
services provided under a contractual agreement which is included in net 
revenues in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. 

   In connection with various stock based compensation plans, $118,000 and 
$405,000 of loans made to cer tain officers and key employees were forgiven 
in 1994 and 1992, respectively, and charged to compensation expense. 

   At January 1, 1992, the Company had a non-interest bearing demand note 
from a principal officer which was fully forgiven during 1992. Compensation 
expense charged to operations related to this note was $393,000 in 1992. 

   A member of the Company's Board of Directors is a partner in the law firm 
used by the Company as its principal outside counsel. 


                                       34
<PAGE>
9) QUARTERLY RESULTS (UNAUDITED) 

   The following tables summarize the Company's quarterly financial data for 
the two years ended December 31, 1994. 

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                         First            Second            Third           Fourth 
1994                                    Quarter          Quarter           Quarter          Quarter 
- ----                                  ------------     ------------      ------------     ------------   
<S>                                   <C>              <C>               <C>              <C>
Net revenues  ......................  $194,432,000     $192,199,000      $191,512,000     $204,056,000 
Income before income taxes  ........  $ 16,794,000     $ 13,357,000      $  9,622,000     $  7,156,000 
Net income  ........................  $ 10,287,000     $  8,153,000      $  5,835,000     $  4,445,000 
Earnings per share (fully diluted)    $       0.72     $       0.57      $       0.41     $       0.32 
                                      ============     ============      ============     ============   

</TABLE>

   Net revenues in 1994 include $12.4 million of additional revenues received 
from special Medicaid reimbursement programs. Of this amount, $3.0 million 
was recorded in each of the first and second quarters, $3.1 million in the 
third quarter and $3.3 million in the fourth quarter. These programs are 
scheduled to terminate in August, 1995. These amounts were recorded in the 
periods that the Company met all of the requirements to be entitled to these 
reimbursements. Net revenues in the fourth quarter also include $3.0 million 
of proceeds related to the Company's previously disposed UK operations. The 
first quarter operating results also include approximately $1.3 million of 
expenses related to the disposition of a non-strategic business. The second 
quarter results include a $2.8 million write-down recorded against the book 
value of the real property of a psychiatric hospital owned by the Company and 
leased to an unaffiliated third party, which is currently in default under 
the terms of the lease. Also included in operating expenses during the second 
quarter is a $1.1 million favorable adjustment made to reduce the Company's 
workers compensation reserves. The fourth quarter results include a $1.3 
million write-down recorded against the book value of the real property of a 
psychiatric hospital owned by the Company and for which its lease was 
terminated by an unaffiliated third party and a $4.3 million charge related 
to the anticipated disposition of two acute care hospitals. (See Note 2). 

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                         First            Second            Third           Fourth 
1993                                    Quarter          Quarter           Quarter          Quarter 
- ----                                  ------------     ------------      ------------     ------------   
<S>                                   <C>              <C>               <C>              <C>
Net revenues  ......................  $195,305,000     $187,453,000      $186,332,000     $192,454,000 
Income before income taxes  ........  $ 13,120,000     $  9,735,000      $  7,503,000     $  4,738,000 
Net income  ........................  $  8,611,000     $  6,478,000      $  5,157,000     $  3,765,000 
Earnings per share (fully diluted)    $       0.60     $       0.46      $       0.37     $       0.28 
                                      ============     ============      ============     ============   

</TABLE>


   Net revenues in 1993 include $13.5 million of additional revenues received 
from special Medicaid reim- bursement programs. Of the amount received, $4.6 
million was recorded in each of the first and second quarters, $1.0 million 
was recorded in the third quarter and $3.3 million was recorded in the fourth 
quarter. These amounts were recorded in the periods that the Company met all 
of the requirements to be entitled to these reimbursements. The first quarter 
operating results also include approximately $4.1 million of expenses related 
to the disposition of ancillary businesses and the second quarter operating 
results include a $3.2 million increase in the reserves for the Company's 
self-insurance programs. Net revenues in the third quarter include $3.0 
million of unfavorable adjustments related to prior year reimbursement issues 
and the fourth quarter operating results includes a $4.7 million pre-tax loss 
on disposal of two acute care hospitals and the winding down or disposition 
of non-strategic businesses. The Company's effective tax rate in the fourth 
quarter was significantly lower than other quarters due to the disposition of 
two acute care hospitals resulting in the recoupment of previously non- 
deductible charges. 

                                      35 

<PAGE>

               UNIVERSAL HEALTH SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
               SCHEDULE II -- VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           Additions 
                                                 -----------------------------  
                                 Balance at      Charged to                         Write-Off of        Balance 
                                  Beginning       Costs and       Acquisitions     Uncollectible        at End 
         Description              of Period       Expenses       of Businesses        Accounts         of Period 
         -----------           -------------   -------------    ---------------   ---------------   ------------- 
<S>                            <C>             <C>              <C>               <C>               <C>
ALLOWANCE FOR DOUBTFUL 
  ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE: 
   Year ended December 31, 
     1994  ..................    $28,444,000     $58,347,000          $ --          $(51,834,000)     $34,957,000 
                                 ===========     ===========          ====          ============      =========== 
   Year ended December 31, 
     1993  ..................    $27,257,000     $55,409,000          $ --          $(54,222,000)     $28,444,000 
                                 ===========     ===========          ====          ============      =========== 
   Year ended December 31, 
     1992  ..................    $25,166,000     $45,008,000          $ --          $(42,917,000)     $27,257,000 
                                 ===========     ===========          ====          ============      =========== 
</TABLE>

                                       36


<PAGE>

                               INDEX TO EXHIBITS




10.6   Agreement, effective January 1, 1995, to renew Advisory Agreement, dated 
       as of December 24, 1986, between Universal Health Realty Income Trust
       and UHS of Delaware, Inc.
 
10.24  Amended and Restated 1989 Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan.

10.25  1992 Stock Option Plan, As Amended.


11.    Statement re: computation of per share earnings.


22.    Subsidiaries of Registrant.


24.    Consent of Independent Public Accountants.


27.    Financial Data Schedule.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.6
<TEXT>


<PAGE>


                                                     January 10, 1995




Mr. Alan B. Miller
President
UHS of Delaware, Inc.
367 South Gulph Road
King of Prussia, PA  19406

Dear Alan:

     The Board of Trustees of Universal Health Realty Income Trust at their
December 1, 1994, meeting authorized the renewal of the current Advisory
Agreement between the Trust and UHS of Delaware, Inc. ("Agreement") upon the
same terms and conditions.

     This letter constitutes the Trust's offer to renew the Agreement until
December 31, 1995, upon the same terms and conditions. Please acknowledge UHS of
Delaware, Inc.'s acceptance of this offer by signing in the space provided below
and returning one copy of this letter to me.

                                                     Sincerely yours,

                                                     /s/ Kirk E. Gorman
                                                     -----------------------
                                                     Kirk E. Gorman
                                                     President and Secretary

KEG/jds

cc:      Warren J. Nimetz, Esquire
         Charles Boyle


Agreed to and Accepted:

UHS of Delaware, Inc.


By: /s/ Alan B. Miller   
    --------------------------   
    Alan B. Miller, President 

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.24
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.24
<TEXT>


<PAGE>

                     AMENDED AND RESTATED 1989 NON-EMPLOYEE
                           DIRECTOR STOCK OPTION PLAN


  1.  Purpose. This Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan, known as the Amended
and Restated 1989 Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan (hereinafter, the
"Plan"), is intended to promote the interests of Universal Health Services, Inc.
(hereinafter, the "Company") by facilitating its ability to obtain and retain
the services of qualified persons who are neither employees nor officers of
the Company to serve as members of the Board of Directors and to demonstrate
the Company's appreciation for their service upon the Company's Board 
of Directors.

  2. Rights to be Granted. Under the Plan, options are granted that give
an Optionee the right for a specified time period to purchase a specified
number of shares of Class B Common Stock, par value $0.01, of the Company
("Shares"). The option price is determined in each instance in accordance
with the terms of the Plan.

  3. Available Shares. The total number of Shares for which options may
be granted shall not exceed twenty five thousand (25,000) shares subject to
adjustment in accordance with Section 13 hereof. Shares subject to the Plan
are authorized but unissued shares or shares that were once issued and
subsequently reacquired by the Company. If any options granted under the Plan
are surrendered before excercise or lapse without exercise, in whole or in
part, the shares reserved therefor revert to the option pool and continue
to be available for grant under the Plan.

   4. Administration. The Plan shall be administered by the members of the Board
of Directors who are not eligible to participate in the Plan, and all references
herein to a Committee shall thereby be deemed to refer to such members of the
Board of Directors. The Committee shall, subject to the provisions of the Plan
and Section 14 hereof in particular, have the power to construe the Plan, to
determine all questions thereunder, and to adopt and amend such rules and
regulations for the administration of the Plan as it may deem desirable.

   5. Option Agreement. Each option granted under the provisions of this Plan
shall be evidenced by an Option Agreement, in such form as may be approved by
the Board, which Agreement shall be duly executed and delivered on behalf of the
Company and by the Optionee to whom such option is granted. The Agreement shall
contain such terms, provisions, and conditions not inconsistent with the Plan as
may be determined by the Board.

  6. Eligibility and Limitations. Options may be granted pursuant to the Plan
only to non-employee members of the Board of Directors of the Company who are
not officers of the Company and only on one occasion with respect to any such
member. No options granted under the Plan shall confer upon any director the 
right to continue as a director of the Company or affect the right of the 
stockholders of the Company to remove any director in accordance with the 
Company's Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Delaware law.


<PAGE>

   7. Option Price. The purchase price of the stock covered by an option granted
pursuant to the Plan shall be 100% of the fair market value of such shares on
the day the option is granted. The option price will be subject to adjustment in
accordance with the provisions of Section 13 hereof. For purposes of the Plan,
the fair market value of a share of Class B Common Stock on any day shall be the
last reported sales price of such share on the last day preceding the date the
option is granted as listed on the New York Stock Exchange, or if there were no
such trades on such day the last reported sales price of such share on the New
York Stock Exchange on the last preceding day on which it was traded.

  8. Automatic Grant of Options. Each member of the Company's Board of
Directors who is neither  an employee nor an officer of the Company serving
on the date of the approval of the Amendment of the Plan by the Board of
Directors is automatically granted on such approval date without further
action by the Board an option to purchase two thousand five hundred (2,500)
shares of the Company's Class B Common Stock. Each person who is first
elected to the Board of Directors after the date of approval of the Amendment
of the Plan by the Board of Directors and who is at that time neither an
employee nor an officer of the Company shall be automatically granted,
without further action by the Board of Directors, an option to purchase
two thousand five hundred (2,500) shares of the Company's Class B Common Stock.

   9. Period of Option. The options granted hereunder shall expire on a date
which is five (5) years after the date of grant of the options and the Plan
shall terminate when all options granted hereunder have terminated.

   10. Exercise of Option. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and
the Option Agreement, an option granted hereunder shall, to the extent then
exercisable, be exercisable in whole or in part by giving written notice to the
Company by mail or in person addressed to Secretary, Universal Health Services,
Inc., Universal Corporate Center, 367 South Gulph Road, King of Prussia,
Pennsylvania 19406, stating the number of shares with respect to which the
option is being exercised, accompanied by payment in full for such shares. Upon
notification from the Company, the Transfer Agent shall, on behalf of the
Company, prepare a certificate or certificates representing such shares acquired
pursuant to exercise of the option, shall register the Optionee as the owner of
such shares on the books of the Company and shall cause the fully executed
certificate(s) representing such shares to be delivered to the Optionee as soon
as practicable after payment of the option price in full. The holder of an
option shall not have any rights of a shareholder with respect to the shares
covered by the option, except to the extent that one or more certificates for
such shares shall be delivered to him upon the due exercise of the option.

  11. Vesting of Shares and Non-Transferability of Options.

     (a) Vesting. Options granted under the Plan shall vest in the
Optionee and thus become exercisable at the rate of 25% per year, commencing
one year after the date of grant.

     The shares subject to this option as to which this option may at any
particular time not be exercised pursuant to this subsection (a) are
referred to herein as the "Unvested Shares".

     The number of shares as to which the option may be exercised shall be
cumulative, so that once the option shall become exercisable as to any shares
it shall continue to be exercisable as to said shares, until expiration or
termination of the option as provided in the Plan.

     (b) Legend on Certificates. The certificates representing such shares shall
carry such appropriate legend, and such written instructions shall be given to
the Company's Transfer Agent, as may be deemed necessary or advisable by counsel
to the Company in order to comply with the requirements of the Securities Act of
1933 or any state securities laws.

     (c) Non-Transferability. Any option granted pursuant to the Plan shall not 
be assignable or transferable other than by will or the laws of descent and
distribution, and shall be exercisable during the Optionee's lifetime only
by him.

<PAGE>


  12. Termination of Option Rights.

     (a) In the event an Optionee ceases to be a member of the Board of
Directors of the Company for any reason other than death or disability, any
then-unexercised option granted to such Optionee shall, to the extent not then
exercisable, immediately terminate and become void, and any option which is then
exercisable but has not been exercised at the time the Optionee so ceases to be
a member of the Board of Directors may be exercised, to the extent it is then
exercisable, by the Optionee within a period of ten (10) days following such
time the Optionee so ceases to be a member of the Board of Directors, but in no
event later than the expiration date of the option.

     (b) In the event that an Optionee ceases to be a member of the Board
of Directors of the Company by reason of his or her disability or death,
any option granted to such Optionee shall be immediately and automatically
accelerated and become fully vested and any unexercised option shall be
exercisable by the Optionee (or by the Optionee's personal representative,
heir or legatee, in the event of death) during the period ending one year
after the date the Optionee so ceases to be a member of the Board of
Directors, but in no event later than the expiration date of the option.

  13. Adjustments Upon Changes in Capitalization and Other Matters. In the
event that the outstanding shares of the Class B Common Stock of the Company
are changed into or exchanged for a different number or kind of shares or
other securities of the Company by reason of a stock split, combination
of shares or dividends payable in capital stock, automatic adjustment shall be
made in the number and kind of shares as to which outstanding options or
portions thereof then unexercised shall be exercisable and in the available
shares set forth in Section 3 hereof, to the end that the proportionate
interest of the option holder shall be maintained as before the occurrence
of such event. Such adjustment in outstanding options shall be made without
change in the total price applicable to the unexercised portion of such
options and with a corresponding adjustment in the option price per shares.
In the case of a merger, sale of assets or similar transaction which results
in a replacement of the Company's Class B Common Stock with stock of another
corporation, the Company will make a reasonable effort, but shall not be
required, to replace any outstanding options granted under the Plan with
comparable options to purchase stock of such other corporation or to provide 
for immediate maturity of all outstanding options, with all options not being 
exercised within the time period specified by the Board of Directors being
terminated.

  If an option hereunder shall be assumed, or a new option substituted
therefor, as a result of sale of the Company, whether by a merger,
consolidation or sale of property or stock, then membership on the Board of
Directors of such assuming or substituting corporation or by a parent
corporation or a subsidiary therefor shall be considered for purposes of an
option to be membership on the Board of Directors of the Company.

  14. Termination and Amendment of Plan. The Board may at any time terminate
the Plan or make such modification or amendment thereof as it deems advisable.
Termination or any modification or amendment of the Plan shall not, without
consent of a participant, affect his rights under an option previously
granted to him.

  15. Non-Staturory Plan. The options granted hereunder are not intended to
qualify as "incentive stock options" complying with Section 422A of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.



 



</TEXT>

</DOCUMENT>

<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.25
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.25
<TEXT>


<PAGE>



                        UNIVERSAL HEALTH SERVICES, INC.
                       1992 STOCK OPTION PLAN, AS AMENDED


    1. Purpose. The purpose of the Universal Health Services, Inc. 1992 Stock
Option Plan (the "Plan") is to enable Universal Health Services, Inc. (the
"Company") and its stockholders to secure the benefits of common stock ownership
by key personnel of the Company and its subsidiaries. The Board of Directors of
the Company (the "Board") believes that the granting of options under the Plan
will foster the Company's ability to attract, retain and motivate those
individuals who will be largely responsible for the continued profitability and
long-term future growth of the Company.

    2. Stock Subject to the Plan. The Company may issue and sell a total of
1,000,000 shares of its Class B Common Stock, $.01 par value (the "Common
Stock"), pursuant to the Plan. Such shares may be either authorized and unissued
or held by the Company in its treasury. New options may be granted under the
Plan with respect to shares of Common Stock which are covered by the unexercised
portion of an option which has terminated or expired by its terms, by
cancellation or otherwise.

    3. Administration. The Plan will be administered by a committee (the
"Committee") consisting of at least two directors appointed by and serving at
the pleasure of the Board. If a Committee is not so established, the Board will
perform the duties and functions ascribed herein to the Committee. To the extent
required by the applicable provisions of Rule 16(b)-3 under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, no member of the Committee shall have received an option
under the Plan or any other plan within one year before his or her appointment
or such other period as may be prescribed by said Rule. Subject to the
provisions of the Plan, the Committee, acting in its sole and absolute
discretion, will have full power and authority to grant options under the Plan,
to interpret the provisions of the Plan and option agreements made under the
Plan, to supervise the administration of the Plan, and to take such other action
as may be necessary or desirable in order to carry out the provisions of the
Plan. A majority of the members of the Committee will constitute a quorum. The
Committee may act by the vote of a majority of its members present at a meeting
at which there is a quorum or by unanimous written consent. The decision of the
Committee as to any disputed question, including questions of construction,
interpretation and administration, will be final and conclusive on all persons.
The Committee will keep a record of its proceedings and acts and will keep or
caused to be kept such books and records as may be necessary in connection with
the proper administration of the Plan.


    4. Eligibility. Options may be granted under the Plan to present or future
key employees of the Company or a subsidiary of the Company (a "Subsidiary")
within the meaning of Section 424(f) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the
"Code"), and to consultants to the Company or a Subsidiary who are not
employees. Options may not be granted to directors of the Company or a
Subsidiary who are not also employees of or consultants to the Company and/or

<PAGE>

a Subsidiary. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Committee may from time
to time select the persons to whom options will be granted, and will fix the
number of shares covered by each such option and establish the terms and
conditions thereof (including, without limitation, exercise price and
restrictions on exercisability of the option or on the shares of Common Stock
issued upon exercise thereof). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained herein no person may receive grants of options to purchase more than
200,000 shares in any one calendar year.

    5. Terms and Conditions of Options. Each option granted under the Plan will
be evidenced by a written agreement in a form approved by the Committee. Each
such option will be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this
paragraph and such additional terms and conditions not inconsistent with the
Plan as the Committee deems appropriate.

    (a) Option Period. The period during which an option may be exercised will
    be fixed by the Committee and will not exceed 10 years from the date the
    option is granted.

    (b) Exercise of Options. An option may be exercised by transmitting to the
    Company (1) a written notice specifying the number of shares to be
    purchased, and (2) payment of the exercise price (or, if applicable,
    delivery of a secured obligation therefor), together with the amount, if
    any, deemed necessary by the Committee to enable the Company to satisfy its
    income tax withholding obligations with respect to such exercise (unless
    other arrangements acceptable to the Company are made with respect to the
    satisfaction of such withholding obligations).

    (c) Payment of Exercise Price. The purchase price of shares of Common Stock
    acquired pursuant to the exercise of an option granted under the Plan may be
    paid in cash and/or such other form of payment as may be permitted under the
    option agreement, including, without limitation, previously-owned shares of
    Common Stock. The Committee may permit the payment of all or a portion of
    the purchase price in installments (together with interest) over a period of
    not more than 5 years.

    (d) Rights as a Stockholder. No shares of Common Stock will be issued in
    respect of the exercise of an option granted under the Plan until full
    payment therefor has been made (and/or provided for where all or a portion
    of the purchase price is being paid in installments). The holder of an
    option will have no rights as a stockholder with respect to any shares
    covered by an option until the date a stock certificate for such shares is
    issued to him or her. Except as otherwise provided herein, no adjustments
    shall be made for dividends or distributions of other rights for which the
    record date is prior to the date such stock certificate is issued.

                                       2


<PAGE>

    (e) Nontransferability of Options. No option granted under the Plan may be
    assigned or transferred except by will or by the applicable laws of descent
    and distribution; and each such option may be exercised during the
    optionee's lifetime only by the optionee.

    (f) Termination of Employment or Other Service. Unless otherwise provided by
    the Committee in its sole discretion, if an optionee ceases to be employed
    by or to perform services for the Company and any Subsidiary for any reason
    other than death or disability (defined below), then each outstanding option
    granted to him or her under the Plan will terminate on the date of
    termination of employment or service (or, if earlier, the date specified in
    the option agreement). Unless otherwise provided by the Committee in its
    sole discretion, if an optionee's employment or service is terminated by
    reason of the optionee's death or disability (or if the optionee's
    employment or service is terminated by reason of his or her disability and
    the optionee dies within one year after such termination of employment or
    service), then each outstanding option granted to the optionee under the
    Plan will terminate on the date one year after the date of such termination
    of employment or service (or one year after the later death of a disabled
    optionee) or, if earlier, the date specified in the option agreement. For
    purposes hereof, the term "disability" means the inability of an optionee to
    perform the customary duties of his or her employment or other service for
    the Company or a Subsidiary by reason of a physical or mental incapacity
    which is expected to result in death or be of indefinite duration.

    (g) Other Provisions. The Committee may impose such other conditions with
    respect to the exercise of options, including, without limitation, any
    conditions relating to the application of federal or state securities laws,
    as it may deem necessary or advisable.

    6. Capital Changes, Reorganization, Sale.

    (a) Adjustments Upon Changes in Capitalization. The aggregate number and
    class of shares for which options may be granted under the Plan, the maximum
    number of shares for which options may be granted to any person in any one
    calendar year, the number and class of shares covered by each outstanding
    option and the exercise price per share shall all be adjusted
    proportionately for any increase or decrease in the number of issued shares
    of Common Stock resulting from a split-up or consolidation of shares or any
    like capital adjustment, or the payment of any stock dividend.

    (b) Cash, Stock or Other Property for Stock. Except as provided in
    subparagraph (c) below, upon a merger (other than a merger of the Company in
    which the holders of Common Stock immediately prior to the merger have the
    same proportionate ownership of Common Stock in the surviving corporation
    immediately after the merger), consolidation, acquisition of property or
    stock, separation, reorganization (other than a mere reincorporation or the
    creation of a holding company) or liquidation of the Company, as a result of
    which the Stockholders of the Company receive cash, stock or other property


                                       3

<PAGE> 

    in exchange for or in connection with their shares of Common Stock, any
    option granted hereunder shall terminate, but the optionee shall have the
    right immediately prior to any such merger, consolidation, acquisition of
    property or stock, separation, reorganization or liquidation to exercise his
    or her option in whole or in part to the extent permitted by the option
    agreement, and, if the Committee in its sole discretion shall determine, may
    exercise the option whether or not the vesting requirements set forth in the
    option agreement have been satisfied.

    (c) Conversion of Options on Stock for Stock Exchange. If the Stockholders
    of the Company receive capital stock of another corporation ("Exchange
    Stock") in exchange for their shares of Common Stock in any transaction
    involving a merger (other than a merger of the Company in which the holders
    of Common Stock immediately prior to the merger have the same proportionate
    ownership of Common Stock in the surviving corporation immediately after the
    merger), consolidation, acquisition of property or stock, separation or
    reorganization (other than a mere reincorporation or the creation of a
    holding company), all options granted hereunder shall be converted into
    options to purchase shares of Exchange Stock unless the Company and the
    corporation issuing the Exchange Stock, in their sole discretion, determine
    that any or all such options granted hereunder shall not be converted into
    options to purchase shares of Exchange Stock but instead shall terminate in
    accordance with the provisions of subparagraph (b) above. The amount and
    price of converted options shall be determined by adjusting the amount and
    price of the options granted hereunder in the same proportion as used for
    determining the number of shares of Exchange Stock the holders of the Common
    Stock receive in such merger, consolidation, acquisition of property or
    stock, separation or reorganization. The Board shall determine in its sole
    discretion if the converted options shall be fully vested whether or not the
    vesting requirements set forth in the option agreement have been satisfied.

    (d) Fractional Shares. In the event of any adjustment in the number of
    shares covered by any option pursuant to the provisions hereof, any
    fractional shares resulting from such adjustment will be disregarded and
    each such option will cover only the number of full shares resulting from
    the adjustment.

    (e) Determination of Board to be Final. All adjustments under this paragraph
    6 shall be made by the Board, and its determination as to what adjustments
    shall be made, and the extent thereof, shall be final, binding and
    conclusive.

    7. Amendment and Termination of the Plan. The Board may amend or terminate
the Plan. Except as otherwise provided in the Plan with respect to equity
changes, any amendment which would increase the aggregate number of shares of
Common Stock as to which options may be granted under the Plan, materially
increase the benefits under the Plan, or modify the class of persons eligible to
receive options under the Plan shall be subject to the approval of the
Stockholders of the Company.

                                                         4




<PAGE>


No amendment or termination may affect adversely any outstanding option without
the written consent of the optionee.

    8. No Rights Conferred. Nothing contained herein will be deemed to give any
individual any right to receive an option under the Plan or to be retained in
the employ or service of the Company or any Subsidiary.

    9. Governing Law. The Plan and each option agreement shall be governed by
the laws of the State of Delaware.

    10. Term of the Plan. The Plan shall be effective as of July 15, 1992, the
date on which it was adopted by the Board, subject to the approval of the
stockholders of the Company at the next Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The Plan
will terminate on July 15, 2002, unless sooner terminated by the Board. The
rights of optionees under options outstanding at the time of the termination of
the Plan shall not be affected solely by reason of the termination and shall
continue in accordance with the terms of the option (as then in effect or
thereafter amended).


                                       5



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-11
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 11
<TEXT>



<PAGE>






                        UNIVERSAL HEALTH SERVICES, INC.
                                and Subsidiaries
                       Computation of Earnings Per Share
                                                                      Exhibit 11

                                              Year Ended December 31,



                                           1994          1993          1992
                                        ---------     ---------     ---------
Weighted Average Shares:
        Class A common                  1,139,123     1,211,850     1,386,267
        Class B common                 12,171,454    12,276,146    12,148,177
        Class C common                    114,482       121,755       149,165
        Class D common                     26,223        28,648        49,853
                                       ----------    ----------    ----------
            Total                      13,451,282    13,638,399    13,733,462


Less: Effect of shares repurchsed        (103,510)     (105,795)      (58,274)
Less: Incremental number of shares of
      restricted stock excluded from
      EPS computation                     (35,643)      (46,893)      (59,096)
Effect of shares issued                   641,984        10,250        26,788
                                       ----------    ----------    ----------
                                       13,954,113    13,495,961    13,642,880
                                       ----------    ----------    ----------

Common Stock Equivalents:
  Assumed conversion of 7 1/2%
  convertible debentures
  issued in April 1983                    338,818     1,271,471     1,274,653
  Assumed conversion of options
  to purchase common stock                 95,999        51,101        52,784
  
Weighted average shares -              ----------    ----------    ----------
     fully diluted                     14,388,930    14,818,533    14,970,317
                                       ==========    ==========    ==========

Income:                               $28,719,735   $24,010,645   $20,019,839
  Interest expense, net of
  tax effect, on assumed
  conversion of 7 1/2%
  convertible debentures                 $363,176    $1,392,404    $1,420,699
                                      -----------   -----------    ----------

Income Applicable to 
Common Stock - Fully Diluted          $29,082,911   $25,403,049   $21,440,538
                                      ===========   ===========   ===========
Earnings per Common and
Common Equivalent Share:
  Fully diluted -                           $2.02         $1.71         $1.43
                                      ===========   ===========   ===========







</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-22
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 22
<TEXT>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                            Subsidiaries of the Company


                                                                                          Jurisdiction
         Name of Subsidiary                                                             of Incorporation
         ------------------                                                             ----------------
<S>                                                                                       <C> 
ASC of Canton, Inc.                                                                      Georgia

ASC of Chicago, Inc.                                                                     Illinois

ASC of Corona, Inc.                                                                      California

ASC of Las Vegas, Inc.                                                                   Nevada

ASC of Littleton, Inc.                                                                   Colorado

ASC of Midwest City, Inc.                                                                Oklahoma

ASC of New Albany, Inc.                                                                  Indiana

ASC of Palm Springs, Inc.                                                                California

ASC of Ponca City, Inc.                                                                  Oklahoma

ASC of Springfield, Inc.                                                                 Missouri

ASC of St. George, Inc.                                                                  Utah

Aiken Regional Medical Centers, Inc.                                                     South Carolina

Auburn General Hospital, Inc.                                                            Washington

The BridgeWay, Inc.                                                                      Arkansas

Children's Hospital of McAllen, Inc.                                                     Texas

Comprehensive Occupational and Clinical Health, Inc.                                     Delaware

Dallas Family Hospital, Inc.                                                             Texas

Del Amo Hospital, Inc.                                                                   California

Doctors' General Hospital, Ltd.                                                          Florida
  (d/b/a Universal Medical Center)

Doctors' Hospital of Shreveport, Inc.                                                    Louisiana

</TABLE>

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                           Jurisdiction
         Name of Subsidiary                                                              of Incorporation
         ------------------                                                              ----------------
<S>                                                                                       <C> 
Eye West Laser Vision, L.P.                                                              Delaware

Forest View Psychiatric Hospital, Inc.                                                   Michigan

Glen Oaks Hospital, Inc.                                                                 Texas

Health Care Finance & Construction Corp.                                                 Delaware

HRI Clinics, Inc.                                                                        Massachusetts

HRI Hospital, Inc.                                                                       Massachusetts

Hope Square Surgical Center, L.P.                                                        Delaware
  (d/b/a Surgery Centers of the Desert)

Inland Valley Regional Medical Center, Inc.                                              California

La Amistad Residential Treatment Center, Inc.                                            Florida

Manatee Memorial Hospital, L.P.                                                          Delaware

McAllen Medical Center, Inc.                                                             Texas

Meridell Achievement Center, Inc.                                                        Texas

Merion Building Management, Inc.                                                         Delaware

New Albany Outpatient Surgery, L.P.                                                      Delaware
  (d/b/a Surgical Center of New Albany)

Northern Nevada Medical Center, L.P.                                                     Delaware
  (d/b/a Northern Nevada Medical Center)

Panorama Community Hospital, Inc.                                                        Delaware

The Pavilion Foundation                                                                  Illinois

Relational Therapy Clinic, Inc.                                                          Louisiana

River Crest Hospital, Inc.                                                               Texas

River Oaks, Inc.                                                                         Louisiana

</TABLE>
                                                       - 2 -

<PAGE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                           Jurisdiction
         Name of Subsidiary                                                              of Incorporation
         ------------------                                                              ----------------
<S>                                                                                       <C> 
River Parishes Internal Medicine, Inc.                                                   Louisiana

Southwest Dallas Hospital, Inc.                                                          Texas

Sparks Family Hospital, Inc.                                                             Nevada

St. George Surgical Center, L.P.                                                         Delaware
  (d/b/a St. George Surgery Center)

Surgery Center of Canton, L.P.                                                           Delaware

Surgery Center of Chicago, L.P.                                                          Delaware

Surgery Center of Corona, L.P.                                                           Delaware
  (d/b/a Surgery Center of Corona)

Surgery Center of Littleton, L.P.                                                        Delaware
  (d/b/a Littleton Day Surgery Center)

Surgery Center of Midwest City, L.P.                                                     Delaware
  (d/b/a MD Physicians Surgicenter of Midwest City)

Surgery Center of Odessa, L.P.                                                           Delaware
  (d/b/a Surgery Center of Texas)

Surgery Center of Ponca City, L.P.                                                       Delaware
  (d/b/a Outpatient Surgical Center of Ponca City)

Surgery Center of Springfield, L.P.                                                      Delaware
  (d/b/a Surgery Center of Springfield)

Surgery Center of Waltham, Limited Partnership                                           Massachusetts
  (d/b/a Surgery Center of Waltham)

Tonopah Health Services, Inc.                                                            Nevada

Turning Point Care Center, Inc.                                                          Georgia
  (d/b/a Turning Point Hospital)

Two Rivers Psychiatric Hospital, Inc.                                                    Delaware

UHS of Belmont, Inc.                                                                     Delaware

</TABLE>

                                                       - 3 -

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                           Jurisdiction
         Name of Subsidiary                                                              of Incorporation
         ------------------                                                              ----------------
<S>                                                                                       <C> 
UHS of Bethesda, Inc.                                                                    Delaware

UHS of Columbia, Inc.                                                                    District of Columbia

UHS Croyden Limited                                                                      United Kingdom

UHS of DeLaRonde, Inc.                                                                   Louisiana

UHS of Delaware, Inc.                                                                    Delaware

UHS of Florida, Inc.                                                                     Florida

UHS Holding Company, Inc.                                                                Nevada

UHS of Illinois, Inc.                                                                    Illinois

UHS International, Inc.                                                                  Delaware

UHS International Limited                                                                United Kingdom

UHS/IPA, Inc.                                                                            New York

UHS Las Vegas Properties, Inc.                                                           Nevada

UHS Leasing Company, Inc.                                                                Delaware

UHS Leasing Company, Limited                                                             United Kingdom

UHS of London, Inc.                                                                      Delaware

UHS London Limited                                                                       United Kingdom

UHS of Manatee, Inc.                                                                     Florida

UHS of New Orleans, Inc.                                                                 Louisiana
  (d/b/a Chalmette Hospital and River Parishes Hospital)

UHS of New York, Inc.                                                                    New York

UHS of Odessa, Inc.                                                                      Texas

UHS of Plantation, Inc.                                                                  Florida

</TABLE>

                                                       - 4 -


<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                           Jurisdiction
         Name of Subsidiary                                                              of Incorporation
         ------------------                                                              ----------------
<S>                                                                                       <C> 
UHSR Corporation                                                                         Delaware

UHS Receivables Corp.                                                                    Delaware

UHS of River Parishes, Inc.                                                              Louisiana

UHS of Riverton, Inc.                                                                    Washington

UHS of Vermont, Inc.                                                                     Vermont

UHS of Waltham, Inc.                                                                     Massachusetts

Universal HMO, Inc.                                                                      Nevada

Universal Health Network, Inc.                                                           Nevada

Universal Health Pennsylvania Properties, Inc.                                           Pennsylvania

Universal Health Recovery Centers, Inc.                                                  Pennsylvania
  (d/b/a UHS KeyStone Center)

Universal Health Services of Cedar Hill, Inc.                                            Texas

Universal Health Services of Concord, Inc.                                               California

Universal Treatment Centers, Inc.                                                        Delaware

Valley Hospital Medical Center, Inc.                                                     Nevada

Valley Surgery Center, L.P.                                                              Delaware

Victoria Regional Medical Center, Inc.                                                   Texas

Wellington Regional Medical Center Incorporated                                          Florida

Westlake Medical Center, Inc.                                                            California

</TABLE>




                                                       - 5 -



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-24
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 24
<TEXT>


<PAGE>




                   CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS



As independent public accountants, we hereby consent to the incorporation of our
reports, included in this Form 10-K, into the Company's previously filed
Registration Statements on Forms S-8 (No. 2-80903), (No. 2-98913), (No.
33-43276), (No. 33-49426), (No. 33-49428), (No. 33-51671), and (No. 33-56575).








                                                           ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP



Philadelphia, PA
March 27, 1995
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>8
<DESCRIPTION>FINANCIAL DATA SCHEDULE
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE>    5 
       
<S>                    <C>
<LEGEND>
<RESTATED>
<CIK>                  0000352915
<NAME>                 Universal Health Services, Inc.
<MULTIPLIER>                      1,000
<CURRENCY>                     U.S. Dollars
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          DEC-31-1994
<PERIOD-START>                             JAN-01-1994 
<PERIOD-END>                               DEC-31-1994
<PERIOD-TYPE>                                   12-MOS
<EXCHANGE-RATE>                                      1
<CASH>                                            $780
<SECURITIES>                                         0
<RECEIVABLES>                                  119,775
<ALLOWANCES>                                    34,957
<INVENTORY>                                     15,723
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                               118,389
<PP&E>                                         596,702
<DEPRECIATION>                                 265,059
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                 521,492
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                          103,782
<BONDS>                                         85,125
<COMMON>                                           138
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                          0
<OTHER-SE>                                     260,491
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                   521,492
<SALES>                                              0
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                               782,199
<CGS>                                                0
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                  584,405
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                86,243
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                58,347
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                               6,275
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                 46,929
<INCOME-TAX>                                    18,209
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                             28,720
<DISCONTINUED>                                       0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                    28,720
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                    $2.02
<EPS-DILUTED>                                    $2.02
        


</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
