-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 gerOd+YO4c/T9niZH8ZbYoolrZlWTmuLOZbAOXqtJyeOt0bFMxvnFKsr0Z8NWNzd
 BX4lTWTagHN0mOp0d54Wgw==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000908662-94-000006.txt : 19940328
<IMS-HEADER>0000908662-94-000006.hdr.sgml : 19940328
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000908662-94-000006
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		8
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19931231
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940325

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WELLMAN INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000812708
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	2820
		IRS NUMBER:				041671740
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		34
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10033
		FILM NUMBER:		94517817

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1040 BROAD ST STE 302
		CITY:			SHREWSBURY
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07702
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9085427300
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>10K (BODY)
<TEXT>

##



##
##
                              -#-
##
                      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                            Washington, D.C. 20549


                                  FORM 10-K
(Mark one)

[x]  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE 
     ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 1993

                                      OR

[ ]  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES 
     EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period for            to           

Commission file number 0-15899


                              WELLMAN, INC.                                 
            (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)


            Delaware                              04-1761740       
(State or other jurisdiction of                (I.R.S. Employer
 incorporation or organization)               Identification No.)


   1040 Broad Street, Suite 302           
     Shrewsbury, New Jersey                          07702         
(Address of principal executive                    (Zip Code)
  offices)


Registrant's telephone number, including area code:  (908) 542-7300

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                                          Name of each exchange
     Title of each class                   on which registered 

     Common Stock,                        New York Stock
     $.001 par value                       Exchange

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  None

<PAGE>
     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports 
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the 
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to 
such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes   X    No      .

     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to 
Rule 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be 
contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or 
information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 
10-K or any amendments to this Form 10-K. []

     Aggregate market value of the voting stock held by nonaffiliates of the 
registrant, computed on the basis of $21.875 per share (the closing price of 
such stock on March 15, 1994 on the New York Stock Exchange):  $709,095,734.

     The number of shares of the registrant's Common Stock, $.001 par value, 
and Class B Common Stock, $.001 par value, outstanding as of March 15, 1994 
was 32,882,642 and -0-, respectively.


                     DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

     1.  Proxy Statement for the 1994 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (to be 
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before April 30, 
1994) is incorporated by reference in Part III hereof.

<PAGE>
                             PART I


Item 1.  Business

    Recent Developments

    In March 1993, the Company sold its 44% ownership interest 
in Wellstar Holding B.V. ("Wellstar"), a Netherlands-based 
manufacturer of PET beverage bottles, for a total consideration 
of approximately $33 million.  The transaction resulted in a 
net gain, before applicable income taxes, of $12.4 million.  
The sale of Wellstar increased 1993 net earnings by 
approximately $7.3 million or $.22 per share.  See Note 2 of 
the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

    General

    The principal business of Wellman, Inc. (which, together 
with its subsidiaries, is herein referred to as the "Company") 
is the manufacture and sale of polyester and nylon fibers and 
resins.

    The Company's Fibers Group manufactures and markets 
polyester and nylon staple fibers and partially-oriented yarn 
("POY").  Polyester staple and POY production is sold under the 
Fortrel/ brand to major domestic yarn processors and integrated 
fabric mills for use in apparel, home furnishings and 
industrial applications.  The Fibers Group also manufactures 
polyester and nylon staple fibers from waste raw materials, 
including fiber producer wastes, postconsumer PET soft drink 
bottles and film producer wastes, for use in the fiberfill, 
furniture, home furnishings, carpet, and industrial markets in 
the United States and Europe.  The Company believes it is the 
largest recycler in the United States of post-consumer plastics 
and the largest producer of polyester staple fiber made from 
recycled feedstocks.

    The Company's Manufactured Products Group ("MPG") 
manufactures and markets PET resins, a portion of which is used 
in the Company's POY production, for use in polyester fibers 
and PET packaging.  Prior to 1993, sales of PET resin were 
reported by the Company under the Fibers Division (which 
consists of the domestic operations of the Fibers Group).  MPG 
also processes raw wool to produce wool top for worsted fabric 
manufacturing; anhydrous lanolin is a by-product of this 
production.  MPG also manufactures nylon engineering resins, 
primarily from producer waste raw materials, for automotive, 
consumer and industrial uses.  MPG converts polyester fiber 
into high-loft nonwoven battings which are used as filling 
primarily for the home furnishings industry, and manufactures 
needle-punched fabrics primarily for geotextile applications.  
In addition, MPG processes postconsumer plastics and certain 
producer wastes into suitable raw materials for the Company.  
It also markets recycled high density polyethylene ("HDPE") 
resins produced from the basecups of soft drink bottles.  The 
Company manufactures and markets PET and other plastic 
thermoformed packaging products and PET sheet.

    New England CR Inc. ("CRInc") designs, equips, constructs 
and operates materials recovery facilities ("MRFs").  MRFs 
separate and process commingled recyclables reclaimed from 
households and commercial establishments through curbside 
recycling programs.  CRInc holds the exclusive North American 
rights to distribute the patented Bezner automated materials 
sorting process, a German MRF sortation technology.  CRInc also 
sells the recyclables from its MRFs and brokers recyclables for 
other parties.  CRInc also operates glass beneficiation 
facilities in California and a polystyrene recycling facility 
in New Jersey.

    Raw Materials

    Fibers Group.  The major raw materials used by the Company 
in the manufacture of polyester staple fiber and POY are 
purified terephthalic acid ("PTA") and monoethylene glycol 
("MEG"), two petrochemicals, and various waste raw materials.  
The Company believes it is the largest producer of polyester 
staple fiber made from recycled feedstocks.

    The Company purchases PTA under an exclusive supply 
contract which expires December 31, 1995 with Amoco Chemical 
Corporation ("Amoco").  The Company purchases MEG under an 
exclusive supply contract with Oxy Chem Inc. which expires 
December 31, 1997.  The prices of PTA and MEG have fluctuated 
in the past and may continue to do so in the future.

    Three categories of wastes are also utilized in the 
production of staple fibers:  fiber producer waste, PET bottle 
waste and PET film waste.  A material portion of fiber producer 
waste is purchased from fiber manufacturers that compete with 
the Company in the sale of fiber.  The Company believes it is 
the largest U.S. recycler of postconsumer PET bottles, which 
are obtained from deposit return and curbside recycling 
programs.  PET film waste is obtained from various audio, 
video, photographic, packaging and X-ray film producers.  Fiber 
producer and film wastes represent off-quality production, trim 
and other wastes.  The Company also uses virgin PET resin in 
polyester fiber production.  The Company's Recycling Division 
is responsible for the procurement and processing of the waste 
raw materials.

<PAGE>
    The availability of its petrochemical and waste raw 
materials is essential to the Company's fiber operations.  
While historically suppliers have provided adequate quantities 
of raw materials, the unavailability, scarcity or significantly 
increased cost of certain raw materials could have a material 
adverse effect on the Company.

    Manufactured Products Group.  MPG utilizes PTA and MEG to 
manufacture PET resins and utilizes recycled PET bottles and 
producer waste feedstocks to produce nylon engineering and 
recycled HDPE resins.  MPG utilizes raw wool and wool grease 
for the production of wool top and anhydrous lanolin, 
respectively.  MPG also uses polyester fiber, supplied by the 
Company's Fibers Group and other polyester fiber producers, to 
manufacture nonwoven products.  MPG utilizes virgin and 
recycled PET in the production of PET thermoformed packaging 
products and sheet.

    Products and Markets

    The following table presents the combined net sales (in 
millions) and percentage of net sales by business of the 
Company for the periods indicated.  For purposes of this data, 
intercompany transactions have been eliminated and with respect 
to its Irish fiber subsidiary, Wellman International Limited 
("WIL"), historical exchange rates have been applied to the 
data for the periods indicated.

                   1993              1992                 1991     
               Net     % of       Net     % of        Net     % of
              Sales    Total     Sales    Total      Sales    Total

Fibers Grp(1) $655.2   77.8%    $674.5     81.5%    $651.2    80.8%
MPG(1)(2)     $163.1   19.4      134.3     16.2      124.3    15.4
CRInc           23.8    2.8       19.4      2.3       30.2     3.8
                                                                   
   TOTAL      $842.1 100.0%    $828.2   100.0%     $805.7    100.0%

              

    (1)  1991 and 1992 sales were restated to include 
         sales of PET resins, which were previously 
         reported under the Fibers Division, in MPG.

    (2)  Includes sales of Creative Forming, Inc. ("CFI") 
         from November 18, 1992, the date of its 
         acquisition by the Company.

<PAGE>
    Fibers Group.

    Fibers Division.  The Fibers Division produces polyester 
and nylon staple fibers and POY.

    Staple, the primary product produced, is multi-strand fiber 
cut into short lengths to simulate certain properties found in 
natural fibers such as cotton and wool and/or to meet the end 
product needs of the Company's customers.  In 1993, 
approximately 35% of the Company's domestic polyester staple 
sales were to the apparel industry, approximately 22% to the 
home furnishings industry, 19% as fiberfill, 12% to the carpet 
industry, and the balance to nonwovens and industrial markets.  
The Company's domestic nylon staple production was utilized 
primarily by the carpet industry, with the balance used in 
specialty applications.  The Fiber Division's staple products 
are manufactured at facilities in Darlington (Palmetto), 
Johnsonville and Marion, SC.

    Polyester textile staple, the Division's largest staple 
product, is produced at Palmetto from PTA and MEG and is sold 
primarily to textile mills and spinners for processing into 
fabric for a variety of applications, including apparel, home 
furnishings and industrial uses.  The stated annual fiber 
production capacity of the Palmetto plant is approximately 450 
million pounds.  All other domestic polyester staple production 
occurs at the Johnsonville and Marion facilities.  The primary 
end market for the production from these facilities is the 
fiberfill market, followed by the carpet and industrial 
markets.  The Johnsonville plant, site of all domestic nylon 
staple fiber production, has approximately 255 million pounds 
of annual fiber production capacity, based on a product mix of 
80% polyester and 20% nylon staple.  The Marion facility has 
approximately 32 million pounds of annual polyester staple 
fiber production capacity.

    POY, a continuous polyester filament product, is sold by 
the Company to integrated textile mills and texturizers for 
further processing for use primarily in apparel, home 
furnishings and industrial applications.  POY is produced at 
the Company's Fayetteville, NC plant from PET resin 
manufactured by the Company at its Palmetto plant.  The 
Company's Fayetteville plant increased its stated annual POY 
production capacity to approximately 130 million pounds, or by 
30%, in the first quarter of 1994.

    The Company's polyester textile staple and POY production 
is sold under the Fortrel/ brand.

<PAGE>
    Wellman International Limited.  The fiber production 
process of WIL, a wholly-owned subsidiary based in Mullagh, 
Republic of Ireland, is similar to that of the Company's 
Johnsonville plant.  WIL also uses recycled raw materials, 
including producer fiber and film wastes and, to a lesser 
extent, postconsumer PET soft drink bottles, to produce 
polyester and nylon staple fibers.  The majority of WIL's raw 
materials are producer wastes, some of which are obtained from 
suppliers who compete with it in the fibers business in 
Europe.  Postconsumer PET bottles procured by WIL are processed 
at the Company's European PET bottle recycling facility, 
located in Spijk, the Netherlands.

    The maximum annual fiber production capacity of WIL is 
approximately 154 million pounds, based on a product mix of 
approximately 90% polyester and 10% nylon staple.  WIL's 
polyester fibers are used primarily in fiberfill, nonwovens and 
industrial applications, while its nylon fibers are used mainly 
by the carpet industry.  WIL exports, primarily to the United 
Kingdom and Europe, virtually all of its fiber production.

    Manufactured Products Group.

    Polymer Products Division.  Located at the Palmetto plant, 
this Division utilizes PTA and MEG to produce approximately 220 
million pounds of PET resin, the commodity bulk form in which 
pure polyester is transported and utilized.  In 1993, 
approximately 47% of the Division's resin was used by the 
Fayetteville plant to produce POY.  The remainder was sold to 
Hoechst Celanese Corp. ("HCC"), pursuant to the terms of a take 
or pay supply arrangement which expired in the second half of 
1993, and to other customers.

    In the first quarter of 1994, the Company commenced 
operation of new solid stating equipment at Palmetto which will 
enable it to upgrade approximately 80 million pounds per year 
of its current PET resin production to higher-value PET bottle 
resin, which is used to manufacture PET packaging such as soft 
drink bottles.  In addition, the new solid stating unit has 
capacity to upgrade an additional 80 million pounds per year of 
PET resin when the monomer and polymerization capacity at the 
Palmetto plant increases as described below.

    Monomer is the PET feedstock derived from PTA and MEG from 
which polyester textile staple fiber and PET resin is 
produced.  The Company plans to expand monomer capacity by 400 
million pounds, or over 55%, in late 1994.  The Company also 
plans to add 160 million pounds of PET resin capacity in the 
second quarter of 1995.

<PAGE>
    Wool Division.  At the Wool Division's facility in 
Johnsonville, SC, raw wool is processed through sorting and 
blending operations, scoured, carded, combed, and packaged as 
wool top primarily for use in worsted fabric applications for 
apparel.  The Wool Division's plant has the flexibility to 
process and blend various wool grades and to simultaneously run 
several different wool blends.

    As a by-product of the wool scouring process, wool grease 
is recovered which, in combination with wool grease purchased 
in the open market, is processed to produce anhydrous lanolin.  
The Company believes that it is the largest U.S. producer of 
anhydrous lanolin, which it sells to the pharmaceutical, 
cosmetics and industrial markets.

    Engineering Resins Division.  The Engineering Resins 
Division, located in Johnsonville, SC, manufactures and markets 
nylon engineering resins to the injection molding industry.  
These resins, chiefly Nylon 6 and 66 and co-polymers of these 
types, are produced primarily from producer wastes and 
compounded and combined with various additives (glass, 
minerals, fire retardant, etc.) to impart desired performance 
characteristics.  The Company serves a variety of markets with 
these compounded engineering resins, with the largest being 
automotive, followed by consumer products, industrial and other.

    Nonwovens Business.  The Nonwovens business, located in 
Charlotte, NC, and Commerce, CA, utilizes polyester fiber to 
produce high-loft battings, primarily for the home furnishings 
industry, and needle-punched fabrics primarily for geotextile 
applications.  High-loft battings are used for their cushioning 
and insulating properties in bedspreads, comforters, quilts and 
other similar products and are sometimes sold under the 
Fortrel/ brand.  The largest customers of this product are 
vertically-integrated textile mills and independent bedspread 
and comforter manufacturers.  Geotextile fabrics are used for 
soil reinforcement and filtration in various civil engineering 
applications, including landfill and pond linings and railroad 
and road stabilization.  The Nonwovens business utilizes 
polyester staple fiber produced by the Fibers Group, as well as 
other fiber manufacturers, as raw material.

    Recycling Division.  The Recycling Division processes 
postconsumer PET soft drink bottles and producer fiber and film 
wastes into usable raw materials for the Fibers and Engineering 
Resins Divisions and CFI.  It also markets recycled HDPE 
resins, primarily to manufacturers of basecups for soft drink 
bottles.

<PAGE>
    The Division consists of PET bottle and producer waste 
recycling operations in Johnsonville, SC and PET bottle 
recycling operations in Bridgeport, NJ, which was acquired in 
May 1993.

    In the third quarter of 1993, the Recycling Division 
expanded its annual capacity to recycle PET bottles at its 
Johnsonville location by over 70%, from 110 million pounds to 
190 million pounds.  Annual PET bottle recycling capacity in 
Bridgeport is approximately 50 million pounds.

    Creative Forming, Inc.  Utilizing PET as well as other 
materials, Creative Forming, Inc. custom designs, manufactures 
and markets thermoformed plastic packaging products for the 
consumer products industry.  It also produces PET sheet, 
utilizing both virgin and recycled raw materials, for use in 
its own thermoforming operations and for sale in the open 
market.  CFI, which is based in Ripon, WI, expanded its 
capacity to produce sheet by 33% and installed coextrusion 
equipment in early 1994.

    New England CR Inc.  CRInc designs, equips, constructs and 
operates materials recovery facilities ("MRFs").  MRFs separate 
and process commingled recyclables reclaimed from households 
and commercial establishments through curbside recycling 
programs.  CRInc holds exclusive North American, United Kingdom 
and Irish rights to distribute the patented Bezner automated 
materials sorting process, a German MRF sortation technology.  
CRInc commenced operation of three MRFs in 1993 so that at 
year-end 1993, CRInc had 13 full-service MRFs operational.  
CRInc also sells the recyclables from its MRFs and brokers 
recyclables for other parties.  CRInc also operates glass 
beneficiation facilities in California and a polystyrene 
recycling facility in New Jersey.

    Capital Investment Program

    Pursuant to its on-going long-term capital investment 
program, the Company's 1993 capital expenditures totaled 
approximately $105 million.  The capital projects included in 
the 1993 expenditures were the installation of solid-stating 
equipment, expansion of PET bottle recycling and POY production 
capacity and equipment modernization at the Company's domestic 
fiber operations.

    The Company's 1994 capital expenditures are expected to 
total approximately $90 million, which will include the 
expansion of monomer and PET resin production capacity and 
continued equipment upgrades at the domestic fiber operations.

<PAGE>
    Marketing

    The Company markets the majority of its products through a 
direct sales force consisting of approximately 50 sales 
personnel.  For certain sales outside the United States, the 
Company utilizes representatives or agents.

    The Company also markets its polyester fibers through 
various activities, such as advertising, sales promotion, 
market analysis, product development and fashion forcasting 
directed to its customers and organizations downstream from its 
customers.  As part of this effort, the Company's marketing 
personnel encourage downstream purchasers of apparel, home 
furnishings and other products to specify to their suppliers 
the use of Fortrel/ brand polyester in their products.

    Competitors

    Each of the Company's major fiber markets is highly 
competitive.  The Company competes primarily on the basis of 
quality, service, brand identity and price.  Several 
competitors are substantially larger than the Company and have 
substantially greater economic resources.  The Company's 
primary competitors are E.I. DuPont de Nemours & Co.and the 
Hoechst Celanese division of Hoechst A.G.  The Company believes 
it is currently the third-largest producer of polyester staple 
and POY in the United States, representing approximately 26% 
and 13%, respectively, of U.S. production capacity for these 
products.  The Company also competes with Nan Ya Plastics 
Corp., which completed construction of a facility in 1993 to 
sell polyester staple and POY.

    The polyester staple fiber and POY markets have 
historically displayed price and volume cyclicality.  The 
domestic polyester textile fiber markets are subject to changes 
in, among other factors, polyester fiber and/or textile product 
imports and consumer preferences, spending and retail sales 
patterns, which are driven by general economic conditions.  
Consequently, a downturn in either the domestic or global 
economy or an increase in imports of textile or polyester fiber 
products could adversely affect the Company's business.

    Research and Development

    The Company has approximately 75 U.S. employees devoted to 
research and development activities.  The Company has entered 
into technology sharing arrangements from time to time with 
various parties.

<PAGE>
    Foreign Activities

    Primarily through WIL, its Irish fiber subsidiary, the 
Company operates in international markets, primarily the United 
Kingdom and Western Europe.  Since substantially all of WIL's 
sales are for export, changes in exchange rates may affect 
WIL's profit margins and sales levels.  In addition, 
fluctuations between the United States dollar and Irish pound 
may also affect reported results.

    The Company's foreign business is subject to certain risks 
customarily attendant upon foreign operations and investments 
in foreign countries, including restrictive action by local 
governments, limitations on repatriating funds and changes in 
currency exchange rates.  See Note 11 of the Notes to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information 
relating to the Company's foreign activities.

    Employees

    As of December 31, 1993, the Company employed approximately 
3,600 persons in the United States and Europe.  At December 31, 
1993, approximately 790 U.S. employees were members of The 
Amalgamated Clothing and Textile Workers Union ("ACTWU").  The 
Company's contract with the ACTWU expires in July, 1996.  In 
addition, approximately 351 of its Irish employees were 
represented by four unions.  The wage agreements with these 
unions each expire on April 30, 1994.

    The Company believes that its relations with its employees 
are satisfactory.

    Environmental Matters

    The Company has determined that groundwater contamination 
exists at certain of its facilities.  In 1986 contamination 
involving chlorinated solvents and hydrocarbon derivatives was 
found at its Johnsonville, SC facility, principally associated 
with a former drum storage site and an underground storage 
tank.  In 1987, the Company entered into a consent order with 
the South Carolina Department of Health and Environmental 
Control ("SCDHEC") for remediation of the Johnsonville site.  
In September 1989, nitrate contamination of groundwater at the 
Johnsonville facility, primarily resulting from a wool dust 
stockpile, was also confirmed.

    Varying levels of groundwater contamination at the Palmetto 
plant, believed to have been the result of a leak in the 
chemical sewers and emergency ponds, were reported to SCDHEC by 
HCC prior to the acquisition of the plant by Fiber Industries, 
Inc. ("FI") in January 1988.  Although no formal action to 
require remediation or penalties has been taken by the SCDHEC, 
the underground sewer lines have been replaced with a pumped 
above-ground system.  HCC and Celanese Fibers Inc. ("Celanese") 
have completed at their expense the sewer line replacement and 
the replacement of two emergency waste ponds and a storm water 
pond at the Palmetto plant in order to prevent further 
groundwater contamination.  Extraction systems for removal of 
groundwater contamination by the sewer lines and old emergency 
ponds and new emergency holding facilities have been installed 
at the expense of HCC and are presently in operation.

    In April 1991, the Company entered into a consent order 
with the SCDHEC over nitrate contamination of groundwater at 
the Company's Palmetto plant.  Additional groundwater 
contamination, resulting from the leakage of 1,4 dioxane, a 
process by-product, was discovered at Palmetto in 1992.  The 
Company has requested that SCDHEC defer action on the nitrate 
consent order based on the limited extent of the nitrate 
contamination.  In September 1993, the Company entered into a 
second consent order with the SCDHEC over 1,4 dioxane 
contamination discovered at Palmetto in 1992.  All requirements 
of this consent order (continued monitoring of the nitrate 
contamination, definition of the 1,4 dioxane plume, assessment 
of risk from the dioxane plume and development of a plan for 
groundwater remediation) have been met to date.  The Company is 
also evaluating whether to repair or replace its wastewater 
treatment plant.

    In January 1994 the Company determined that its Palmetto 
plant was in violation of its wastewater permit with respect to 
biological oxygen demand parameters and toxicity.  The Company 
has notified the SCDHEC of such violation and is undertaking 
remediation action.  The cost of such remediation is not 
expected to be material.

    The Fayetteville plant was notified in 1987 of an "event of 
noncompliance" by the North Carolina Department of Environment, 
Health and Natural Resources ("NCDEHNR"), formerly the 
Department of Natural Resources and Community Development, due 
to an increase in total organic carbon levels in two of its six 
groundwater monitoring wells.  On October 25, 1991 the Company 
received a Notice of Violation from the NCDEHNR with regard to 
groundwater monitoring results shared with them, showing 
chlorinated hydrocarbon contamination.  One on-site source, a 
chemical wastewater sump, was identified and removed.  
Additional off-site sources are suspected.

    In August 1992, SCDHEC requested that the Palmetto plant 
submit a plan for compliance with the National Ambient Air 
Quality Standards ("NAAQS") for sulphur dioxide.  The Company 
plans to install a new tall stack and related equipment at 
Palmetto in late 1994 or early 1995.

    Assessment of and remedial plans at the Company's sites are 
on-going.  While it is often difficult to reasonably quantify 
future environmental-related expenditures, the Company 
currently estimates its non-capital expenditures related to 
environmental matters to range between $13.0 million and $25.0 
million.  Such expenditures are expected to occur over a 
significant number of future years.  In connection with these 
expenditures, the Company has accrued $15.5 million at December 
31, 1993, representing management's best estimate of probable 
non-capital environmental expenditures.  In addition, capital 
expenditures aggregating approximately $10.0 million to $15.0 
million may be required over the next several years related to 
currently existing environmental matters.  See Notes 1 and 8 of 
the Company's Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

    The Company's plants are subject to numerous existing and 
proposed laws and regulations designed to protect the 
environment from wastes, emissions and hazardous substances.  
Except as discussed in the preceding paragraphs, the Company 
believes it is either in material compliance with all currently 
applicable regulations or is operating in accordance with the 
appropriate variances and compliance schedules or similar 
arrangements.  The Company believes that compliance with 
current laws and regulations will not require significant 
capital expenditures other than as identified above or have a 
material adverse effect on its operations.

    Executive Officers of the Registrant

    The current executive officers of the Company are as 
follows:

Name and Age                      Position

Thomas M. Duff, 46                President, Chief Executive Officer 
                                  and Director

Clifford J. Christenson, 44       Executive Vice President

Keith R. Phillips, 39             Vice President, Chief Financial 
                                  Officer and Treasurer

C.W. Beckwith, 62                 Vice President and Director;
                                  Chief Executive Officer of WIL

James P. Casey, 53                Vice President; President, Fibers 
                                  Division

<PAGE>
Paul D. Apostol, 48               Vice President, Manufactured
                                  Products Group, Strategic Planning 
                                  and Business Development

Richard J. Kattar, 61             Vice President; President, New 
                                  England CR Inc.

Mark J. Rosenblum, 40             Vice President, Controller

Ernest G. Taylor, 43              Vice President, Administration

    Officers are elected annually by the Board of Directors.  
Set forth below is certain information with respect to the 
Company's executive officers.

    Thomas M. Duff.  Mr. Duff has been President of the Company 
since its inception in 1985.

    Clifford J. Christenson.  Mr. Christenson has been 
Executive Vice President since October 4, 1993.  Prior to that 
time he was Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer since he 
joined the Company in 1985 and Vice President since 1986.

    Keith R. Phillips.  Mr. Phillips has been Vice President, 
Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer since October 4, 1993.  
Prior to joining the Company on October 1, 1993 he was a 
partner in Ernst & Young.

    C.W. Beckwith.  Mr. Beckwith has been Vice President of 
Wellman and Chief Executive Officer of WIL since the 
acquisition of WIL in 1987.  Prior to such time, he was 
managing director of WIL since 1972.

    James P. Casey.  Mr. Casey has been President of the Fibers 
Division since October 4, 1993; prior to such time he was Vice 
President, Marketing since March 25, 1991.  Prior to that time, 
he was Vice President of Marketing of FI and its predecessor 
companies.

    Paul D. Apostol.  Mr. Apostol has been Vice President, 
Manufactured Products Group and Strategic Planning and Business 
Development since March 15, 1991.  Prior to such time, Mr. 
Apostol was Vice President of Marketing of FI and its 
predecessor companies.

    Richard J. Kattar.  Mr. Kattar has been Vice President 
since May 21, 1991.  He has been President of CRInc since its 
inception in 1982.

<PAGE>
    Mark J. Rosenblum.  Mr. Rosenblum has been Vice President, 
Controller since September 1, 1989 and Controller since he 
joined the Company in 1985.  Mr. Rosenblum is a certified 
public accountant.

    Ernest G. Taylor.  Mr. Taylor has been Vice President in 
charge of Administration since January 1991.  From November 
1989 until 1991 he was Manager of Administration.  Prior to 
such time, he was a manager of information systems for FI and 
its predecessor companies.

    Section 16 Compliance.  Section 16(a) of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 requires the Company's officers and 
directors, and persons who own more than 10% of a registered 
class of the Company's equity securities ("insiders"), to file 
reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC").  Insiders are 
required by SEC regulation to furnish the Company with copies 
of all Section 16(a) forms they file.  Based solely on review 
of the copies of such forms furnished to the Company, the 
Company believes that during 1993 all Section 16(a) filing 
requirements applicable to its insiders were complied with, 
except that a trust for which Mr. Apostol serves as trustee 
inadvertently failed to timely file an initial report of its 
holdings as required by Section 16.

Item 2.  Properties

    The location and general description of the principal 
properties owned or leased by the Company are set forth in the 
table below:

                        Principal          Square
Location                Function           Footage   Ownership

Shrewsbury, NJ         Corporate             7,600      Leased

Johnsonville, SC       Manufacturing     2,291,000      Owned
                         and Warehouse

Darlington, SC         Manufacturing     1,015,000      Owned
(Palmetto)               and Warehouse

Mullagh, Ireland (1)   Manufacturing       340,633      Owned
                         and Warehouse

Fayetteville, NC       Manufacturing       295,048      Owned
                         and Warehouse

Commerce, CA           Fiber Converting     90,000      Leased
                         Facility

<PAGE>
Marion, SC             Manufacturing       247,500      Owned
                         and Warehouse

Charlotte, NC          Fiber Converting     75,000      Owned
                         Facility
                       Administrative       55,020      Leased
                         and Research

Chelmsford, MA         Sales and            13,750      Leased
                         Administrative

Ripon, WI              Manufacturing and   106,000      Owned
                         Warehouse

Bridgeport, NJ         Plastic Bottle Re-   80,000      Leased
                         cycling Facility

Spijk, The Neth-       Plastic Bottle Re-   55,812      Leased
erlands                  cycling Facility


                    

    (1)  WIL's lenders currently have a lien on this 
         facility.


Item 3.  Legal Proceedings

    Not applicable.

Item 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

    Not applicable.


<PAGE>
                            PART II


Item 5.  Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related 
         Stockholder Matters

   The Company's Common Stock is listed on the New York Stock 
Exchange under the symbol WLM.  The following table shows the 
high and low sales prices on the New York Stock Exchange as 
reported on its Composite Tape and the cash dividends paid on 
its Common Stock for the last two fiscal years.


Year                                High      Low      Dividend
1993
First Quarter                     $23-3/4   $19-3/4    $0.03
Second Quarter                    $24-7/8   $18-1/8    $0.05
Third Quarter                     $22       $17-3/8    $0.05
Fourth Quarter                    $19-3/8   $16-1/4    $0.05

1992
First Quarter                     $31-1/2   $22-1/8    $0.03
Second Quarter                    $30-7/8   $20        $0.03
Third Quarter                     $24-5/8   $20        $0.03
Fourth Quarter                    $22-3/8   $16-1/2    $0.03

    The Company had approximately 1,657 stockholders of record 
of Common Stock as of March 16, 1994.

<PAGE>
##

##
<TABLE>
Item 6.  Selected Financial Data
<CAPTION>
                                                           Years Ended December 31,             
(In thousands, except per share data)            1989(2)   1990      1991      1992      1993(3)

<S>                                                   <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>
Income Statement Data:
Net sales . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  $437,777  $827,764  $805,664  $828,200  $842,064
Cost of sales . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 312,137 618,519 623,546 639,664 679,182
Gross profit. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   125,640   209,245   182,118   188,536   162,882
Selling, general and administrative expenses. .    36,046    65,268    73,194    77,439    86,511
Interest expense. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    10,977    42,712    29,387    23,012    15,736
Gain on sale of Wellstar. . . . . . . . . . . .     --       --       --       --     12,386
Earnings before income taxes and cumulative
  effect of changes in accounting principles. .    78,617   101,265    79,537    88,085    73,021
Provision for income taxes. . . . . . . . . . .  25,564  39,141 32,954 35,801  32,567
Net earnings before cumulative effect of
  changes in accounting principles. . . . . . .    53,053    62,124    46,583    52,284    40,454
Cumulative effect of changes in accounting
  principles, net of income taxes . . . . . . .     --       --       --       --    (9,010)
Net earnings. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $53,053 $62,124 $46,583 $52,284 $31,444

<CAPTION>
Earnings (loss) per common share:
<S>                                                <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>
  Before cumulative effect of changes in
   accounting principles. . . . . . . . . . . .     $1.79     $1.92     $1.43     $1.60     $1.23
  Cumulative effect of changes in accounting
   principles, net of income taxes. . . . . . .   --   --     --     --   (0.27)
  Net earnings. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $1.79       $1.92     $1.43     $1.60     $0.96
Average common shares . . . . . . . . . . . . .    29,605    32,358    32,632    32,728    32,857
Dividends (1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $ 3,389   $ 3,849   $ 3,887   $ 3,895   $ 5,885

Pro forma amounts assuming the effects of
  the changes in accounting principles are
  applied retroactively:
    Net earnings. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $53,053   $62,124   $46,583   $43,759   $40,454
    Net earnings per share. . . . . . . . . . .     $1.79     $1.92     $1.43     $1.34     $1.23

<CAPTION>

                                                                December 31,                      
                                                      1989(2)   1990      1991      1992      1993

<S>                                                   <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>
Balance Sheet Data:
Total assets. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  $912,155  $944,974  $925,289  $996,583 $1,015,247
Notes payable and current maturities of
   long-term debt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  $ 42,815  $ 33,375  $ 34,291  $ 24,688  $ 18,594
Long-term debt exclusive of current maturities.  $395,529  $342,066  $269,590  $299,860  $294,173
Stockholders' equity. . . . . . . . . . . . . .  $320,179  $393,609  $438,440  $483,268  $506,506

<FN>
(1)  The Company paid quarterly cash dividends of $0.025 beginning in the first quarter of 1989.  
     In May 1989, the quarterly dividend was increased to $0.03 per share.  In the second quarter 
     of 1993, the quarterly dividend was increased to $0.05 per share.
(2)  Reflects the acquisition of Fiber Industries, Inc. on November 1, 1989.
(3)  1993 net earnings reflect $15.9 million ($0.48 per share) of accounting changes and unusual 
     and nonrecurring items.  See also Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
     and Results of Operations and Notes 1, 2 and 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial 
     Statement.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
##



##
Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
         Condition and Results of Operations

ACCOUNTING CHANGES

    During 1993, the Company adopted the provisions of the 
Financial Accounting Standards Board's Emerging Issues Task 
Force (EITF) Abstract No. 93-5.  EITF 93-5 provides that an 
environmental liability should be evaluated independently from 
any potential claim for recovery and that the loss arising from 
the recognition of an environmental liability should be reduced 
only when a claim for recovery is probable of realization.  
Current accounting standards provide a general presumption that 
disputed claims for recovery are not probable of realization.  
Under practice prior to the issuance of EITF 93-5, some 
companies, including the Company, offset reasonably possible 
recoveries against probable losses.  As a result of the 
issuance of EITF 93-5, this accounting treatment is no longer 
permitted.

    The Company is obligated to remediate environmental 
problems which existed at some of its manufacturing facilities 
prior to their acquisition by the Company.  The Company has 
escrow funds and indemnification agreements with the prior 
owners of these facilities, which may result in reimbursement 
of a significant portion of the environmental liabilities.  
However, as discussed above, the new accounting standards 
generally permit companies to record only uncontested claims 
for reimbursement of environmental liabilities.  The change in 
accounting for environmental liabilities resulted in an 
after-tax cumulative effect charge of $6.8 million ($0.20 per 
share), net of the related income tax effect of $4.2 million.  
See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

    During 1993, the Company changed its method of applying the 
lower of cost or market rule to certain slow-moving and 
discontinued waste raw material inventory which is valued using 
the last in-first out (LIFO) dollar value method.  In prior 
years, the Company used the aggregate method in applying the 
lower of cost or market rule to such inventories and in 1993 
changed to the item-by-item method.  The Company believes the 
new method of accounting is preferable because it provides a 
better matching of costs and revenue and results in a more 
conservative valuation of slow-moving and discontinued waste 
raw material inventory.  This change in accounting for certain 
slow-moving and discontinued inventory resulted in an after-tax 
cumulative effect charge of $2.2 million ($0.07 per share), net 
of the related income tax effect of $1.3 million.  In addition, 
this change decreased operating income in 1993 by approximately 
$4.0 million.  See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements.


<PAGE>
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS -- 1993 COMPARED TO 1992

    Net sales increased from $828.2 million in 1992 to $842.1 
million in 1993.  Increased sales at the Manufactured Products 
Group (MPG) more than offset lower sales of the Company's fiber 
businesses.  The increase in sales at the MPG was primarily the 
result of the contribution of Creative Forming, Inc. (CFI), 
acquired in November 1992, and, to a lesser extent, higher 
sales at the Wool and Engineering Resins Divisions.  Domestic 
fiber sales decreased due to lower polyester fiber selling 
prices, which more than offset higher domestic sales volumes.  
At Wellman International Limited (WIL), the Company's Irish 
fiber subsidiary, sales in U.S. dollars decreased due to the 
unfavorable impact of the decrease in value of the Irish punt 
against the U.S. dollar, which more than offset modest 
improvements in selling prices expressed in terms of local 
currency and sales volumes.  At New England CRInc. (CRInc.), 
revenues increased primarily due to an increase in the number 
of operating material recovery facilities.

    Gross profit amounted to $162.9 million in 1993 compared to 
$188.5 million in 1992.  Gross profit at the Company's fiber 
businesses decreased primarily due to lower domestic polyester 
fiber selling prices, and, to a lesser extent, higher costs of 
the Company's waste-based fiber business.  At the MPG, gross 
profit increased primarily due to the contribution of CFI and 
an increase in gross profit at the Polymer Products Division.  
As a result of the foregoing, the Company's gross margin was
approximately 19% in 1993 compared to 23% in 1992.

    In addition to the effect on 1993 earnings of the change in 
accounting for certain slow-moving and discontinued inventory 
mentioned earlier, gross profit was also adversely affected by 
unusual items, primarily related to inventory, development of a 
prototype materials recovery facility and expenses associated 
with the Company's on-going capital investment program, 
aggregating $11.6 million.

    Selling, general and administrative expenses were $86.5 
million, or approximately 10% of sales, in 1993 compared to 
$77.4 million, or approximately 9% of sales in 1992.  The 
increase was primarily due to the inclusion of CFI, including 
the amortization of intangible assets arising from the 
acquisition, and a decline in earnings from unconsolidated 
subsidiaries due to the sale of the Company's equity interest 
in Wellstar Holding, B.V. (Wellstar) in the first quarter of 
1993.  In addition, certain unusual charges aggregating $2.9 
million were included in selling, general and administrative 
expenses in 1993.

<PAGE>
    As a result of the foregoing, operating income was $76.4 
million in 1993 compared to $111.1 million in 1992.

    Net interest expense for 1993 was $15.7 million compared to 
$23.0 million in 1992.  This decrease was primarily the result 
of the decline in the Company's average interest rates on 
outstanding borrowings and, to a lesser extent, an increase in 
the amount of interest capitalized to property, plant and 
equipment commensurate with the Company's on-going capital 
investment program.

    In the first quarter of 1993, the Company sold its 
ownership interest in Wellstar for $33.0 million, resulting in 
a pre-tax gain of $12.4 million.  The transaction resulted in 
an increase in 1993 net earnings of $7.3 million, or 
approximately $0.22 per share.

    In the third quarter of 1993, the Revenue Reconciliation 
Act of 1993 (the Act) was enacted, which included an increase 
in the maximum corporate tax rate from 34% to 35%.  The 
provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 
109 require that the impact of changes in tax legislation, 
including changes in tax rates, be recognized in the period of 
the change.  Accordingly, the provision for income taxes 
reflects an increase in income tax expense of $2.7 million, 
representing a negative effect on net earnings of approximately 
$0.08 per share.

    As discussed above, 1993 net earnings were adversely 
effected by $15.9 million, or $0.48 per share, due to the net 
effect of changes in accounting principles and unusual and 
nonrecurring events.  As a result of the foregoing, net 
earnings in 1993 were $31.4 million, or $0.96 per share, 
compared to $52.3 million, or $1.60 per share in 1992.


OUTLOOK

    Demand for the Company's domestic polyester fiber products 
remained relatively stable in 1993.  The previously announced 
expansion at the Company's Fayetteville plant should result in 
increased shipments of POY in 1994 as compared to 1993.  Demand 
for the Company's other polyester fiber products is expected to 
remain stable in 1994.  Domestic fiber selling prices declined, 
primarily in the last half of 1993, due to price competition 
from Far Eastern and domestic fiber producers and the start-up 
of a new Taiwanese-owned U.S. polyester fiber plant and the 
resultant pricing strategies of the Company's domestic 
competitors.  Selling prices in the first quarter of 1994 
appear to have stabilized at approximately year-end 1993 levels.


<PAGE>
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS -- 1992 COMPARED TO 1991

    Net sales increased 3% from $805.7 million in 1991 to 
$828.2 million in 1992.  This increase was primarily the result 
of higher domestic sales at the Fibers Division due to an 
increase in sales volumes for the Company's polyester fibers.  
At WIL, sales increased due to increased sales volumes and the 
favorable impact of an increase in the value of the Irish punt 
against the U.S. dollar, which more than offset lower selling 
prices in terms of local Irish currency.  Sales at the MPG 
increased primarily due to the increase in direct wool sales 
activities at the Wool Division.  The increases in sales 
discussed above were partially offset by lower revenues at 
CRInc. due to reduced construction activities.

    Gross profit amounted to $188.5 million in 1992 compared to 
$182.1 million in 1991.  Gross profit increased for the 
Company's fiber businesses due to the increase in sales of 
polyester fiber discussed above, which more than offset higher 
costs.  The increase in costs reflects the Company's on-going 
expansion and modernization of its Recycling Division, which 
processes waste raw materials for two of the Company's domestic 
fiber plants.  Gross profit at the MPG was essentially 
unchanged in 1992 compared to 1991.  The increase in gross 
profit at CRInc. was due to the increase in the number of 
operating material recovery facilities which resulted in higher 
margins.  The Company's gross margin was approximately 23% in 
both 1992 and 1991.

    Selling, general and administrative expenses were $77.4 
million in 1992 compared to $73.2 million in 1991, or 
approximately 9% of sales in each of the two years.  The 6% 
increase in 1992 resulted primarily from increased costs 
associated with recycling activities, increased general and 
administrative expenses and increased expenses at CRInc., all 
of which more than offset the favorable impact of the sale of 
Wellman Machinery of Michigan in December 1992 and the increase 
in earnings from the Company's joint venture, Wellstar.

    As a result of the foregoing, operating income was $111.1 
million in 1992 compared to $108.9 million in 1991.

    Net interest expense for 1992 was $23.0 million compared to 
$29.4 million in 1991.  This decrease was the result of the 
decline in the Company's average amount of outstanding 
borrowings and lower weighted average interest rates on 
outstanding borrowings.

    As a result of the forgoing, net earnings in 1992 were 
$52.3 million, or $1.60 per share, compared to $46.6 million, 
or $1.43 per share, in 1991.


<PAGE>
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

    The Company generated cash from operations of $95.3 million 
in 1993 compared to $95.9 million in 1992.

    Net cash used in investing activities amounted to $62.2 
million in 1993 compared to $102.5 million in 1992.  Capital 
spending amounted to $105.7 million in 1993, indicative of the 
Company's on-going capital investment program.  In 1993, 
investing activities included proceeds of $33.0 million from 
the sale of Wellstar.

    Net cash used in financing activities amounted to $15.7 
million for 1993 compared to $8.2 million of cash provided by 
financing activities in 1992.

    The Company's financing agreements contain normal financial 
and restrictive covenants, including restrictions on the 
payment of dividends and requirements with respect to working 
capital, net worth and debt to capitalization.

    The Company's capital investment program includes 
approximately $90.0 million in planned expenditures in 1994.  
The exact amount and timing of the capital spending is 
difficult to predict, however, as certain projects may extend 
into 1995 or beyond depending upon equipment delivery and 
construction schedules.  The 1994 capital plan includes 
expansion of monomer and PET resin capacity at the Palmetto 
plant, and equipment upgrades at the Company's domestic fiber 
operations.  See "Item 1. Business - Products and Markets" and 
"- Capital Investment Program".

    The Company believes that the financial resources available 
to it, including approximately $58.2 million available at 
December 31, 1993 under its $176.8 million bank credit 
facility, approximately $12.4 million of  restricted cash 
resulting from the issuance of economic development revenue 
bonds (included in "Other assets, net" in the Company's balance 
sheet and earmarked to recycling-related capital expenditures) 
and internally generated funds, will be sufficient to meet its 
foreseeable working capital, capital expenditure and dividend 
payment requirements.


ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS

    The Company's operations are subject to extensive and 
changing federal and state environmental regulations governing 
air emissions, waste water discharges and solid and hazardous 
waste management activities.  As discussed in Note 1 to the 
Company's Consolidated Financial Statements, the <PAGE>
Company's policy is to accrue environmental and clean-up 
related costs of a non-capital nature when it is both probable 
that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be 
reasonably estimated.  While it is often difficult to 
reasonably quantify future environmental related expenditures, 
the Company currently estimates its non-capital expenditures 
related to environmental matters will range between $13.0 
million and $25.0 million.  Such expenditures are expected to 
occur over a significant number of future years.  In connection 
with these expenditures, the Company has accrued $15.5 million 
at December 31, 1993 ($2.5 million at December 31, 1992), 
representing management's best estimate of probable non-capital 
environmental expenditures.  In addition, capital expenditures 
aggregating approximately $10.0 million to $15.0 million may be 
required over the next several years related to currently 
existing environmental matters.  During 1993, costs associated 
with environmental remediation and on-going assessment were not 
significant.


IMPACT OF RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

    In November 1992, the Financial Accounting Standards Board 
issued new rules that require accrual accounting over the 
employees' service period for post-employment benefits that 
accumulate, such as severance benefits, instead of recognizing 
an expense for those benefits when the termination decision is 
made.  The Company does not provide these types of benefits and 
accordingly, will not be affected by these new rules.

<PAGE>
Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

                         WELLMAN, INC.

                 Index to Financial Statements
               and Financial Statement Schedules


                                                           Page

Consolidated Statements of Income for the years              24
ended December 31, 1991, 1992 and 1993

Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 1992 and         25
1993

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity              26
for the years ended December 31, 1991, 1992, and 1993

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years          27
ended December 31, 1991, 1992 and 1993

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                   28

Consolidated schedules for the years ended December 31,
1991, 1992 and 1993:

    V  --  Property, plant and equipment                     45

   VI  --  Accumulated depreciation of plant and equipment   46

 VIII  --  Valuation and qualifying accounts                 47

    X  --  Supplementary income statement information        48

All other schedules are omitted since the required information 
is not present or is not present in amounts sufficient to 
require submission of the schedules, or because the information 
required is included in the consolidated financial statements 
and notes thereto.

<PAGE>
##

##
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME

                                                   Years Ended December 31, 
(In thousands, except per share data)              1991       1992      1993

Net sales. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $805,664  $828,200  $842,064

Cost of sales. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  623,546 639,664 679,182

  Gross profit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    182,118   188,536   162,882

Selling, general and administrative expenses .   73,194  77,439  86,511

Operating income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    108,924   111,097    76,371

Interest expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     29,387    23,012    15,736

Gain on sale of Wellstar . . . . . . . . . . .     --     --   12,386

Earnings before income taxes and cumulative
  effect of changes in accounting principles .     79,537    88,085    73,021

Provision for income taxes (Note 3):
  Current. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     20,979    25,805   35,655
  Deferred . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   11,975 9,996 (3,088)

                                                 32,954 35,801 32,567

Earnings before cumulative effect of changes
  in accounting principles . . . . . . . . . .     46,583    52,284    40,454

Cumulative effect of changes
  in accounting principles, net of income
  taxes (Note 1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     --     --   (9,010)

Net earnings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  $46,583 $52,284 $31,444

Earnings (loss) per common share:
  Before cumulative effect of changes
    in accounting principles . . . . . . . . .      $1.43     $1.60     $1.23
  Cumulative effect of changes
    in accounting principles (Note 1). . . . .         --        --   (0.27)

  Net earnings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    $1.43       $1.60     $0.96

Average common shares. . . . . . . . . . . . .   32,632 32,728 32,857

Pro forma amounts assuming the effect of the
 changes in accounting principles are applied
 retroactively:
    Net earnings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  $46,583 $43,759 $40,454
    Net earnings per share . . . . . . . . . .    $1.43       $1.34     $1.23


See notes to consolidated financial statements.
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS


                                                                 December 31, 
(Dollar amounts in thousands)                                1992        1993


Assets
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $1,749    $18,751
  Accounts receivable, less allowance of $4,443
    in 1992 and $4,232 in 1993.. . . . . . . . . . . . . .   89,798     96,599
  Inventories (Note 5) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  152,152    133,391
  Prepaid expenses and other current assets. . . . . . . .    7,579      4,995
     Total current assets. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  251,278    253,736
Investment in unconsolidated partially-owned
    companies (Note 2). . . .                                17,584         --
Property, plant and equipment, at cost:
  Land, buildings and improvements . . . . . . . . . . . .   79,581     94,652
  Machinery and equipment. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 405,439 489,516
                                                            485,020    584,168
  Less accumulated depreciation. . . . . . . . . . . . . . 129,010 163,627
     Net property, plant and equipment . . . . . . . . . .  356,010    420,541
Cost in excess of net assets acquired. . . . . . . . . . .  318,258    309,395
Other assets, net. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  53,453  31,575
                                                         $996,583 $1,015,247

Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity
Current liabilities:
  Accounts payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  $55,218    $51,882
  Accrued liabilities (Note 6) . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   25,756     27,019
  Deferred taxes on income (Note 3). . . . . . . . . . . .    3,470        482
  Current portion of long-term debt (Note 7) . . . . . . .  24,688  18,594
     Total current liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  109,132     97,977
Long-term debt (Note 7). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  299,860    294,173
Deferred taxes on income and other liabilities (Note 3). . 104,323 116,591
     Total liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  513,315    508,741
Commitments and contingencies (Note 8)
Stockholders' equity (Notes 4, 7, and 10):
  Common stock, $0.001 par value; 55,000,000 shares
  authorized, 32,523,650 shares issued and outstanding
  in 1992, 32,780,018 in 1993. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       33         33
  Class B common stock, $0.001 par value; 5,500,000
   shares authorized; no shares issued . . . . . . . . . .       --         --
  Paid-in capital. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  210,180    215,179
  Foreign currency translation adjustments . . . . . . . .    7,416         96
  Retained earnings. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 265,639 291,198
     Total stockholders' equity. . . . . . . . . . . . . . 483,268 506,506

                                                         $996,583 $1,015,247


See notes to consolidated financial statements.

<PAGE>
<TABLE>
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
(Dollar amounts in thousands)
<CAPTION>

                                                                              Currency
                                                  Common Stock       Paid-in  Translation  Retained
                                                  Shares    Amount   Capital  Adjustments  Earnings     Total

<S>                                             <C>         <C>      <C>      <C>          <C>        <C>
Balance at December 31, 1990 . . . . . .        32,355,059   $ 32    $207,110   $11,913    $ 174,554  $ 393,609
Exercise of stock options. . . . . . . .            35,456                136                               136
Issuance of restricted stock . . . . . .             2,668                 61                                61
Tax effect of exercise of stock options.                                  254                               254
Currency translation adjustments . . . .                                          1,684                   1,684
Net earnings . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                      46,583     46,583
Cash dividends . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                      (3,887)    (3,887)
Balance at December 31, 1991 . . . . . .        32,393,183     32     207,561    13,597      217,250    438,440
Exercise of stock options. . . . . . . .            54,138                665                               665
Contribution of common stock to
  employee stock ownership and benefit
  plans. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            74,995      1       1,646                             1,647
Issuance of restricted stock . . . . . .             1,334                 30                                30
Tax effect of exercise of stock options.                                  278                               278
Currency translation adjustments . . . .                                         (6,181)                 (6,181)
Net earnings . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                      52,284     52,284
Cash dividends . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                      (3,895)    (3,895)
Balance at December 31, 1992 . . . . . .        32,523,650     33     210,180     7,416      265,639    483,268
Exercise of stock options. . . . . . . .            54,748                674                               674
Contribution of common stock to
  employee stock ownership and benefit
  plans. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           200,286              4,065                             4,065
Issuance of restricted stock . . . . . .             1,334                 26                                26
Tax effect of exercise of stock options.                                  234                               234
Currency translation adjustments . . . .                                         (7,320)                 (7,320)
Net earnings . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                      31,444     31,444
Cash dividends . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                      (5,885)    (5,885)
Balance at December 31, 1993 . . . . . .        32,780,018  $  33    $215,179   $    96    $ 291,198  $ 506,506
<FN>

See notes to consolidated financial statements.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
<CAPTION>

                                                                      Years Ended December 31,
(In thousands)                                                       1991      1992      1993

<S>                                                                    <C>       <C>       <C>
Cash flows from operating activities:
  Net earnings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $46,583   $52,284   $31,444
  Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net
   cash provided by operating activities:
     Cumulative effect of changes in accounting principles . . .        --        --     9,010
     Depreciation. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    35,301    38,913    41,609
     Amortization. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    11,967    12,764    16,313
     Deferred taxes on income. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    11,975     9,996   (3,088)
     Gain on sale of Wellstar. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        --        --  (12,386)
     Changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects from
       businesses acquired and cumulative effect of changes
       in accounting principles:
        Accounts receivable. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  (10,413)     5,156   (9,815)
        Inventories. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   (1,759)  (19,764)    14,760
        Prepaid expenses and other current assets. . . . . . . .       491   (3,250)     2,582
        Accounts payable and accrued liabilities . . . . . . . .      (82)     2,747     (925)
        Other. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (3,449) (2,922) 5,788
  Net cash provided by operating activities. . . . . . . . . . .    90,614    95,924    95,292
Cash flows from investing activities:
  Businesses acquired. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        --  (33,686)   (8,780)
  Additions to property, plant and equipment . . . . . . . . . .  (25,867)  (39,705) (105,689)
  Proceeds from sale of Wellstar . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        --        --    33,000
  Decrease (increase) in restricted cash . . . . . . . . . . . .   5,392 (29,149) 19,242
  Net cash used in investing activities. . . . . . . . . . . . .  (20,475) (102,540)  (62,227)
Cash flows from financing activities:
  Borrowings under long-term debt. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   105,000    62,700    17,454
  Repayments of long-term debt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (176,062)  (50,607)  (27,314)
  Dividends paid on common stock . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   (3,887)   (3,895)   (5,885)
  Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities. . . . . .  (74,949)     8,198  (15,745)
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents . .     116  (554)   (318)
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . .   (4,694)     1,028    17,002
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year . . . . . . . . .   5,415   721   1,749
  Cash and cash equivalents at end of year . . . . . . . . . . .  $  721 $1,749 $18,751

Supplemental cash flow data:
  Cash paid during the year for:
        Interest expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $29,688   $24,016   $19,103
        Income taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $22,658  $ 24,144   $33,874
<FN>

See notes to consolidated financial statements.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
##



##
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

1.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Basis of Presentation

    The consolidated financial statements include the accounts 
of Wellman, Inc. and all wholly and majority-owned subsidiaries 
(the Company).  All material intercompany transactions have 
been eliminated.  Investments in unconsolidated partially-owned 
companies are accounted for using the equity method.

    Certain 1992 amounts have been reclassified to conform to 
the 1993 presentation.

Revenue Recognition

    Sales to customers are recorded when goods are shipped.

Inventories

    Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market.  
Cost is determined using the last-in, first-out (LIFO) method 
for approximately $101,000,000 and $79,000,000 of inventory at 
December 31, 1992 and 1993, respectively, and the first-in, 
first-out (FIFO) and average cost methods for the remainder.

Property, Plant and Equipment

    Property, plant and equipment is carried at cost.  
Depreciation is provided based on the estimated useful lives of 
the related assets and is computed on the straight-line method.

Cost in Excess of Net Assets Acquired

    Cost in excess of net assets acquired is amortized on the 
straight-line method over 40 years.  Accumulated amortization 
amounted to approximately $29,803,000 and $38,505,000 at 
December 31, 1992 and 1993, respectively.

    The carrying value of goodwill is reviewed if the facts and 
circumstances suggest that it may be impaired.  If this review 
indicates that goodwill will not be recoverable, as determined 
based on the undiscounted cash flows of the entity acquired 
over the remaining amortization period, the Company's carrying 
value of the goodwill will be reduced by the estimated 
shortfall of cash flows.

<PAGE>
Other Assets

    Other assets are comprised primarily of organization costs, 
deferred charges related to the Company's debt agreements and 
other intangible assets that are amortized over periods ranging 
from one to twenty years.  Additionally, other assets include 
cash restricted for use obtained from borrowings under economic 
development revenue bonds in the amount of approximately 
$31,600,000 and $12,400,000 at December 31, 1992 and 1993, 
respectively.  See Note 7.

Environmental Expenditures

    Environmental expenditures that relate to current 
operations are expensed or capitalized as appropriate.  
Expenditures that relate to an existing condition caused by 
past operations, and which do not contribute to current or 
future revenue generation, are expensed.  Liabilities are 
recorded when environmental assessments and/or remedial efforts 
are probable and the costs can be reasonably estimated.

Income Taxes

    Income taxes have been provided using the liability method 
in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board's 
Statement No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes."  Under this 
method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined 
based on differences between financial reporting and tax bases 
of assets and liabilities.  Deferred income taxes resulting 
from such differences are recorded based on the enacted tax 
rates that are currently expected to be in effect when the 
differences are expected to reverse.

Cash and Cash Equivalents

    The carrying amounts reported in the balance sheets for 
cash and cash equivalents approximate their fair value.  The 
Company considers all short term investments purchased with a 
maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents for 
purposes of the consolidated statements of cash flows.

Foreign Currency Translation

    The financial statements of foreign entities have been 
translated into U.S. dollar equivalents in accordance with 
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 52.  
Adjustments resulting from the translation of the financial 
statements of foreign entities are excluded from the <PAGE>
determination of income and accumulated in a separate component 
of stockholders' equity.

Earnings Per Common Share

    Earnings per common share is based on the weighted average 
number of common and common equivalent shares outstanding.

Accounting Changes

    Environmental Liabilities

    During 1993, the Financial Accounting Standards Board's 
Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) issued EITF Abstract No. 
93-5, "Accounting For Environmental Liabilities" (EITF 93-5).  
The Company adopted the provisions of EITF 93-5 in its 1993 
Consolidated Financial Statements effective January 1, 1993.

    EITF 93-5 provides that an environmental liability should 
be evaluated independently from any potential claim for 
recovery (a two-event approach) and that the loss arising from 
the recognition of an environmental liability should be reduced 
only when a claim for recovery is probable of realization.  
Current accounting standards provide a general presumption that 
disputed claims for recovery are not probable of realization.  
Under practice prior to the issuance of EITF 93-5, some
companies, including the Company, offset reasonably possible
recoveries against probable losses.  As a result of the
issuance of EITF 93-5, this accounting treatment is no longer
 permitted.

    The cumulative effect as of January 1, 1993 of adopting the 
provisions of EITF 93-5 was a charge to net income of 
$6,820,000 ($0.20 per share), net of the income tax effect of 
$4,180,000.  Excluding the cumulative effect, the impact of 
this change on 1993 net earnings and earnings per share was not 
material.  The pro forma effect of applying this change 
retroactively would be a decrease in 1992 net earnings of 
approximately $6,300,000 ($0.19 per share).  This change in 
accounting did not impact 1991 net earnings or earnings per 
share.

    Inventory Valuation

    During 1993, the Company changed its method of applying the 
lower of cost or market rule to certain slow-moving and 
discontinued waste raw material inventory which is valued using 
the LIFO dollar value method.  In prior years, the Company used 
the aggregate method in applying the lower of cost or market 
rule to such inventories and in 1993 changed to the 
item-by-item method.

    The Company believes the new method of accounting is 
preferable because it provides a better matching of costs and <PAGE>
revenue and results in a more conservative valuation of 
slow-moving and discontinued waste raw material inventory.

    The cumulative effect as of January 1, 1993 of this change 
in accounting is a charge to net earnings of $2,190,000 ($0.07 
per share), net of the related income tax effect of $1,342,000.

Excluding the cumulative effect, this change decreased net 
earnings for 1993 by approximately $2,500,000 ($0.08 per 
share).  The pro forma effect of applying this change 
retroactively to 1992 would be a decrease in net earnings of 
approximately $2,225,000 ($0.07 per share).  The pro forma 
effect on 1991 net earnings and earnings per share is not 
material.

2.  INVESTMENT IN UNCONSOLIDATED PARTIALLY-OWNED COMPANIES

    In 1992 the investment in unconsolidated partially-owned 
companies consisted of the Company's 43.7% equity interest in 
Wellstar Holding, B.V. (Wellstar).  Wellstar's subsidiary 
companies in The Netherlands, France and the United Kingdom are 
engaged in manufacturing plastic beverage bottles and other 
plastic containers.  In March 1993, the Company sold its 
ownership interest in Wellstar for a total consideration of 
$33,000,000.  The transaction resulted in a gain, before 
applicable income taxes, of approximately $12,386,000.  The 
sale of Wellstar increased 1993 net earnings by approximately 
$7,300,000 or $0.22 per share.

3.  INCOME TAXES

    For financial reporting purposes, earnings before income 
taxes and the cumulative effect of changes in accounting 
principles are as follows (in thousands):

                                            Years Ended December 31,   
                                          1991        1992        1993 
United States. . . . . . . . . . . .    $75,784     $82,647     $54,535
Foreign. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      3,753       5,438      18,486
                                      $79,537 $88,085 $73,021

Significant components of the provision for income taxes before 
the cumulative effect of the changes in accounting principles 
are as follows (in thousands):

<PAGE>
                                              Years Ended December 31,      
                                            1991        1992          1993  

Current:
     Federal. . . . . . . . . . . . .     $15,985      $20,828       $30,310
     State. . . . . . . . . . . . . .       4,070        4,057         4,357
     Foreign. . . . . . . . . . . . .       924     920     988
                                        $20,979 $25,805 $35,655

Deferred:
     Federal. . . . . . . . . . . . .     $11,799       $9,700      $(2,566)
     State. . . . . . . . . . . . . .         314         296          (522)
     Foreign. . . . . . . . . . . . .    (138)    --        --
                                         11,975 9,996 (3,088)
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $32,954 $35,801 $32,567


    As discussed in Note 1, deferred income tax benefits 
relating to the cumulative effect of changes in accounting 
principles in 1993 amounted to $5,522,000.

    Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of 
temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets 
and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the 
amounts used for income tax purposes.  The tax effects of these 
differences are as follows (in thousands):

                                                      Years Ended
                                                     December 31,   
                                                  1992         1993 

Inventory . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     $4,116    $ 2,618
Depreciation. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     82,925     81,310
Basis in foreign subsidiaries . . . . . . . .      2,167      3,248
Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    5,677  4,232
Total deferred tax liabilities. . . . . . . .   94,885 91,408
Pension . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      4,285      4,601
State taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      4,212      3,743
Long-term liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . .      1,535      6,771
Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    4,089  4,139
Total deferred tax assets . . . . . . . . . .   14,121 19,254
Net deferred tax liabilities. . . . . . . . .  $80,764 $72,154

    Deferred income taxes have not been provided for 
approximately $56,118,000 of undistributed earnings of foreign 
entities which are considered to be permanently reinvested.  
Upon repatriation of those earnings in the form of dividends or 
otherwise, the Company would be subject to both U.S. income 
taxes (subject to an adjustment for foreign tax credits) and 
foreign withholding taxes.  Determination of the amount of 
unrecognized deferred U. S. income tax liability is not <PAGE>
practicable because of the complexities associated with its 
hypothetical calculation.

    The difference between the provision for income taxes 
before the cumulative effect of changes in accounting 
principles and income taxes computed at the statutory U. S. 
federal income tax rate is explained as follows:

                                   Years Ended December 31, 
                                   1991      1992      1993 

Computed at statutory rate. . .    34.0%     34.0%     35.0%
State taxes, net of federal
  benefit . . . . . . . . . . .     3.6       3.3       3.4
Differences in income tax rates
  between the United States and
  foreign countries . . . . . .    (0.2)     (0.4)     (1.8)
Amortization of cost in excess
  of net assets acquired. . . .     3.6       3.2       4.1
Effect of tax rate change on
  net deferred tax liabilities.      --        --       2.6
Other, net. . . . . . . . . . .     0.4       0.5       1.3
Effective tax rate. . . . .        41.4%     40.6%     44.6%


4.  STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

    In 1991, 1992 and the first quarter of 1993, the Company 
paid quarterly cash dividends of $0.03 per share.  In the 
second quarter of 1993, the quarterly dividend was increased to 
$0.05 per share.

    Approximately 375,000 and 3,588,000 common shares have been 
reserved for issuance in connection with certain of the 
Company's employee benefit plans and the Company's stock option 
plans, respectively.  Of the 3,588,000 common shares reserved 
for issue in connection with stock option plans, 1,500,000 are 
subject to approval at the Company's Annual Meeting to be held 
in May 1994.  See Notes 9 and 10.

    On August 6, 1991, the Board of Directors declared a 
dividend of one common stock purchase right (a Right) for each 
outstanding share of common stock.  Each Right, when 
exercisable, will entitle the registered holder to purchase 
from the Company one share of common stock at an exercise price 
of $90 per share (the Purchase Price), subject to certain 
adjustments.  The Rights are not represented by separate 
certificates and are only exercisable when a person or group of 
affiliated or associated persons acquires or obtains the right 
to acquire 15% or more of the Company's outstanding common 
shares (an Acquiring Person) or announces a tender or exchange <PAGE>
offer that would result in any person or group beneficially 
owning 15% or more of the Company's outstanding common shares.  
In the event any person becomes an Acquiring Person, the Rights 
would give holders the right to buy, for the Purchase Price, 
common stock with a market value of twice the Purchase Price.  
The Rights expire on August 5, 2001, unless extended by the 
Board of Directors or redeemed earlier by the Company at a 
redemption price of $0.01 per Right.

    Although the Rights should not interfere with a business 
combination approved by the Board of Directors, they may cause 
substantial dilution to a person or group that attempts to 
acquire the Company on terms not approved by the Board, except 
pursuant to an offer conditioned on a substantial number of 
Rights being acquired.


5.  INVENTORIES

Inventories consist of the following (in thousands):

                                           December 31,   
                                         1992        1993 

Finished and semi-finished goods. .    $ 52,933    $ 53,083
Raw materials . . . . . . . . . . .      86,289      72,723
Supplies. . . . . . . . . . . . . .      12,930      12,467
                                        152,152     138,273
Less adjustments of certain
  inventories to a LIFO basis . . .          --       4,882
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    $152,152    $133,391

The replacement cost of the Company's inventories amounted to
approximately $152,000,000 and $138,000,000 at December 31,
1992 and 1993, respectively.


6.  ACCRUED LIABILITIES

Accrued liabilities consist of the following (in thousands):

                                           December 31,   
                                         1992        1993 

Payroll and other compensation. . .    $ 4,776     $ 3,800
Benefit plans . . . . . . . . . . .      9,442       9,931
Property and other taxes. . . . . .      2,885       2,733
Insurance . . . . . . . . . . . . .      2,297       1,112
Interest. . . . . . . . . . . . . .      2,303       2,347
Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      4,053       7,096
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    $25,756     $27,019


<PAGE>
7.  LONG-TERM DEBT

Long-term debt consists of the following (in thousands):

                                           December 31,   
                                         1992        1993 

Reducing revolving credit and
  term loan facilities and loan
  note participations . . . . . . .    $115,932    $118,559
Serialized senior unsecured notes .     100,000     100,000
Economic development revenue
  bonds . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      54,500      54,500
8.41% senior note payable,
  due on July 31, 2000. . . . . . .      30,000      30,000
14.5% senior promissory notes
  due through July 1, 1994. . . . .       8,700       2,900
Wellman International Limited
  debt. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      14,706       6,099
Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         710         709
                                        324,548     312,767
  Less amount due within one year .      24,688      18,594
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    $299,860    $294,173


    The reducing revolving credit and term loan facilities 
originally consisted of a $222,000,000 Reducing Revolving 
Credit Loan and a $178,000,000 Term Loan (collectively, the 
Facilities).  The reducing revolving credit and term loan 
facilities mature on December 31, 1996 and June 30, 1995, 
respectively.  As of December 31, 1993, the Company reduced the 
aggregate commitment on the Facilities from $400,000,000 to 
$176,759,000.

    Borrowings under each of the Facilities bear interest, at 
the Company's option, at the prime rate, the LIBOR or CD rate 
plus margins ranging from 0.50% to 0.75% on LIBOR loans and 
0.625% to 0.875% on CD rate loans, determined on the basis of 
the Company's leverage ratio, as defined in the Facilities.  
The terms of the Reducing Revolving Credit Loan provide the 
Company the ability to borrow under competitive bid loans.  
Such borrowings, as well as borrowings under loan note 
participations (LNPs), reduce the availability under the 
Reducing Revolving Credit Loan and bear interest at the 
offering bank's prevailing interest rate.  At December 31, 
1993, the average interest rate on borrowings under the 
Facilities and LNPs was approximately 3.70%.

    The $100,000,000 of Serialized Senior Unsecured Notes bear 
interest at rates ranging between 9.02% and 9.26% (averaging 
9.18%) and mature between May 1997 and May 1999.

<PAGE>
    The WIL debt consists primarily of funds borrowed under 
multi-currency term loan facilities, of which approximately 
$750,000 is due in 1994 and the remainder in 2000.  The 
interest rate floats based upon the banks' cost of funds and 
the currencies borrowed.  At December 31, 1993, the average 
rate on WIL borrowings approximated 6.00%.  The WIL debt is 
secured by assets of WIL.

    The economic development revenue bonds (the Bonds) bear 
interest at variable rates which cannot exceed 12.00% for 
certain issues and 15.00% for one issue.  The Bonds mature as 
follows:  $8,000,000 on December 1, 2010; $32,000,000 on 
December 1, 2012; $5,000,000 on April 1, 2017; and $9,500,000 
on June 1, 2022.  The Bonds are tenderable by the holders and 
are secured by letters of credit aggregating approximately 
$55,800,000 at December 31, 1993.  The weighted average 
interest rate on the Bonds at December 31, 1993 was 
approximately 2.50%.

    The Bonds and certain borrowings under the Facilities and 
LNPs are classified as long term in accordance with the 
Company's intention and ability to refinance such obligations 
on a long term basis.

    The Company's financing agreements contain normal financial 
and restrictive covenants, including restrictions on the 
payment of dividends and requirements with respect to working 
capital, net worth and debt to capitalization.  Under the most 
restrictive covenant, approximately $131,300,000 of retained 
earnings at December 31, 1993 is not restricted as to the 
payment of dividends.

    The carrying amounts of the Company's borrowings under its 
variable rate credit agreements approximate their fair value.  
The fair values of the Company's fixed rate credit agreements 
are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses based on the 
Company's current incremental borrowing rates for similar types 
of borrowing arrangements.  The fair value of the Company's 
fixed rate debt exceeded its carrying value by approximately 
$15,000,000 at December 31, 1993.  Prepayment of the fixed rate 
debt would result in significant penalties.

    The approximate annual maturities of long term debt, 
including the current portion, during each of the next five 
years and thereafter are as follows:  1994 -- $18,594,000; 
1995 -- $46,410,000; 1996 -- $112,137,000; 1997 -- $20,148,000; 
1998 -- $40,183,000; and thereafter -- $75,295,000.  Although 
maturities of the Bonds range from 2010 to 2022, they have been 
included as maturities in 1995 and 1996 as they are tenderable 
by the holders, and the Company's present long term facilities 
mature during those years.

<PAGE>
    During 1991, 1992 and 1993, the Company capitalized 
interest of $809,000, $304,000 and $2,375,000, respectively, as 
part of the cost of capital projects under construction.


8.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

    The Company's operations are subject to extensive and 
rapidly changing federal and state environmental regulations 
governing air emissions, waste water discharges and solid and 
hazardous waste management activities.  As discussed in Note 1, 
the Company's policy is to accrue environmental and 
clean-up-related costs of a non-capital nature when it is both 
probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can 
be reasonably estimated.  While it is often difficult to 
reasonably quantify future environmental related expenditures, 
the Company currently estimates its non-capital expenditures 
related to environmental matters will range between $13,000,000 
and $25,000,000.  Such expenditures are expected to occur over 
a significant number of future years.  In connection with these 
expenditures, the Company has accrued $15,500,000 at 
December 31, 1993 ($2,500,000 at December 31, 1992) 
representing management's best estimate of probable non-capital 
environmental expenditures.  In addition, capital expenditures 
aggregating approximately $10,000,000 to $15,000,000 may be 
required over the next several years related to currently 
existing environmental matters.

    The Company believes that it is entitled to recover a 
portion of these expenditures under indemnification and escrow
agreements.

    In connection with the 1992 acquisition of Creative 
Forming, Inc. (CFI), the Company may be required to make an 
additional payment in 1997 based primarily on CFI's 1995 and 
1996 average earnings, as defined.  The contingent payment, if 
any, will increase cost in excess of net assets acquired.

    At December 31, 1993, the Company had approximately 
$63,127,000 of outstanding letters of credit of which 
approximately $55,800,000 were outstanding as security for the 
Bonds, as discussed in Note 7.

    Approximate minimum rental commitments under non-cancelable 
leases (principally for buildings and equipment) during each of 
the next five years and thereafter are as follows:  1994 -- 
$4,235,000; 1995 -- $3,759,000; 1996 -- $2,976,000; 1997 -- 
$2,788,000; 1998 -- $2,773,000; and thereafter -- $5,832,000.

<PAGE>
    Rent expense for cancelable and non-cancelable operating 
leases was $5,049,000, $4,797,000, and $6,295,000  for the 
years ended December 31, 1991, 1992 and 1993, respectively.

9.  RETIREMENT PLANS

    The Company has defined benefit and defined contribution 
pension plans and an employee stock ownership plan (the ESOP) 
covering substantially all employees.

    Payments upon retirement or termination of employment under 
the defined contribution plans are based on vested amounts 
credited to individual accounts.  The plans provide for Company 
contributions based on the earnings of eligible employees.  
Such contributions, excluding amounts contributed to the ESOP, 
amounted to approximately $3,556,000, $6,442,000 and $7,553,000 
for the years ended December 31, 1991, 1992 and 1993, 
respectively.  Company contributions to the ESOP amounted to 
approximately $1,847,000 and $2,249,000 for the years ended 
December 31, 1992 and 1993, respectively.  The increase in 
total contributions in 1992 and 1993 compared to prior years is 
primarily due to the formation of the Wellman, Inc. Retirement 
Plan (WIRP) and the ESOP.  The WIRP effectively consolidates 
retirement benefits for certain domestic employees.  
Accordingly, amendments to certain provisions of a domestic 
defined benefit plan were made effective on January 1, 1992.

    Benefits under the WIL defined benefit plan are based on 
employees' compensation and length of service, while benefits 
under defined benefit plans covering domestic employees are 
based on employees' compensation and length of service or at 
stated amounts based on length of service.  The Company's 
policy is to fund amounts which are actuarially determined to 
provide the plans with sufficient assets to meet future benefit 
payment requirements.  Assets of the plans are invested 
primarily in equity securities and commingled trust funds.  The 
pension costs of the defined benefit plans consist of the 
following (in thousands):

                                   Years Ended December 31, 
                                   1991      1992      1993 

Service cost. . . . . . . . . .   $3,391    $ (706)   $ (370)
Interest cost on projected
  benefit obligations . . . . .    3,908     4,113     4,336
Less actual return on assets. .    3,236    (1,697)    7,512
Net amortization and deferral .      345    (5,009)    4,621
Total                             $4,408    $   95    $1,075

    The following table sets forth the funded status and 
amounts included in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets <PAGE>
at December 31, 1992 and 1993 for its defined benefit pension 
plans (in thousands):

                                           December 31,   
                                         1992        1993 

Actuarial present value of benefit
  obligations:
  Vested benefit obligations. . . .    $ 27,600    $ 33,502
  Accumulated benefit obligations .    $ 27,907    $ 33,952
  Projected benefit obligations . .    $ 51,585    $ 52,913
Plan assets at fair market value. .      38,564      45,063
Funded status . . . . . . . . . . .     (13,021)     (7,850)
Unrecognized net (gain) loss. . . .       1,990      (1,875)
Unrecognized net asset
  at transition . . . . . . . . . .         (50)         (5)
Unrecognized prior service cost . .      (1,083)     (1,395)
Accrued pension costs . . . . . . .    $(12,164)   $(11,125)

    The unrecognized prior service cost relates primarily to 
amendments to the early retirement provisions of a domestic 
plan.  Such amendments became effective January 1, 1992.

    At December 31, 1992 and 1993, assumed discount rates of 8% 
and 7.25%, respectively, and rates of increase in future 
compensation levels of 6% and 4.5%, respectively, were used in 
determining the actuarial present value of benefit obligations 
for the domestic plans.  The assumed long-term rates of return 
on domestic plan assets were 8%.

    The assumptions used in calculating the actuarial present 
value of benefit obligations for WIL were discount rates of 9% 
and 7% and rates of increases in future compensation levels of 
6.5% and 5% at December 31, 1992 and 1993, respectively.  The 
assumed long-term rates of return on plan assets for WIL were 
9%, 9% and 7% at December 31, 1991, 1992 and 1993, respectively.


10. STOCK OPTION PLANS

    The Company has stock option plans (the Plans) which 
authorize the grant of non-qualified stock options (NQSOs).  
The maximum number of common shares authorized for grant under 
the Plans is 3,588,000.  Of the 3,588,000 common shares, 
1,500,000 are subject to shareholder approval at the Company's 
Annual Meeting to be held in May 1994.

    For substantially all options granted in connection with 
the Plans, the option period extends for either ten years and 
one day from the date of grant, or 11 years from the date of <PAGE>
grant, and the shares vest at 20% per year over the first five 
years.  The option price at which options are granted under the 
Plans must be at least equal to the fair market value at the 
date of grant.

Information regarding the NQSOs is as follows:

                                                                         
                                          1991        1992        1993   
Options outstanding at January 1         943,169   1,185,073   1,481,735
Options granted at prices of
  $19.875 in 1991, $20.625 in
  1992 and $17.375 in 1993. . . . .      346,500     366,300     223,714*
Options exercised at average
  prices of $3.83 in 1991, $12.28
  in 1992 and $12.32 in 1993. . . .      (35,456)    (54,138)    (54,748)
Options canceled at average
  prices of $24.99 in 1991, $22.36
  in 1992 and $20.42  in 1993 . . .      (69,140)    (15,500)    (5,590)
                                                                         
Options outstanding at December
  31 at average prices of $19.38
  in 1991, $19.92 in 1992 and
  $19.63 in 1993. . . . . . . . . .    1,185,073   1,481,735   1,645,111*
Options exercisable at
  December 31 . . . . . . . . . . .      390,458     558,380     768,960
Options available for grant
  at December 31. . . . . . . . . .      568,924     218,124         -0-*

*The options granted in 1993 and options outstanding at December 31, 1993 
exclude options relating to 136,286 common shares.  These options were 
granted by the Board of Directors pending shareholder authorization of 
additional common shares to the Plans.


11.  BUSINESS SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHIC AREAS

    The Company operates in one business segment:  principally 
the manufacture and sale of polyester and nylon fibers and 
resins primarily for use in the apparel, home furnishings and 
other consumer products markets.

    Revenues and operating income for the years ended 
December 31, 1991, 1992 and 1993 and identifiable assets at the 
end of each year, classified by the major geographic areas in 
which the Company operates, are as follows (in thousands):

<PAGE>
                                     Years Ended December 31,   
                                    1991      1992       1993 

Net sales
  U.S. . . . . . . . . . . . .    $711,862  $728,733  $  754,882
  Western Europe . . . . . . .      93,802    99,467      87,182
    Total net sales. . . . . .    $805,664  $828,200  $  842,064
Operating income
  U.S. . . . . . . . . . . . .    $103,733  $105,943  $   69,305
  Western Europe . . . . . . .       5,191     5,154       7,066
    Total operating
     income. . . . . . . . . .     108,924   111,097      76,371
Interest expense . . . . . . .      29,387    23,012      15,736
Gain on sale of Wellstar . . .          --        --      12,386
Earnings before
  income taxes . . . . . . . .    $ 79,537  $ 88,085  $   73,021
Identifiable assets
  U.S. . . . . . . . . . . . .    $834,020  $913,384  $  927,330
  Western Europe . . . . . . .      91,269    83,199      87,917
    Total. . . . . . . . . . .    $925,289  $996,583  $1,015,247


<PAGE>
UNAUDITED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA

Quarterly financial information for the years ended
December 31, 1992 and 1993 is summarized as follows:

<TABLE>
(In thousands, except per share data):
<CAPTION>


                                                 March 31,   June 30,    September 30,    December 31,    Total
Quarter ended                                    1993(1)       1993         1993(1)          1993(1)      1993(1)
                                                                                                                 

<S>                                                    <C>        <C>           <C>             <C>          <C>
Net sales                                         $207,968   $214,005      $210,151        $209,940     $842,064
Gross profit                                       $49,583    $46,046       $41,594         $25,659     $162,882
Earnings (loss) before cumulative effect
  of changes in accounting principles              $21,804    $12,783        $7,056        $(1,189)      $40,454
Net earnings (loss)                                $12,794    $12,783        $7,056        $(1,189)      $31,444
Earnings (loss) per common share before
  cumulative effect of changes
  in accounting principles                           $0.66      $0.39         $0.21          ($0.04)       $1.23
Net earnings (loss) per common share                 $0.39      $0.39         $0.21          ($0.04)       $0.96

<CAPTION>

                                                                                                                 
                                                 March 31,   June 30,    September 30,    December 31,    Total
Quarter ended                                      1992        1992          1992             1992         1992
                                                                                                                 
<S>                                                    <C>        <C>           <C>             <C>          <C>
Net sales                                         $207,529  $ 205,355      $212,382        $202,934     $828,200
Gross profit                                       $47,295    $49,414       $46,962         $44,865     $188,536
Net earnings                                       $12,453    $14,448       $12,763         $12,620      $52,284
Net earnings per common share                        $0.38      $0.44         $0.39           $0.39        $1.60

<FN>
(1)  1993 Net earnings reflect $15.9 million ($0.48 per share) of accounting changes and unusual and nonrecurring 
     items.  In March 1993, the Company sold its ownership interest in Wellstar Holding, B.V. for $33.0 million.  
     The resulting gain before applicable taxes, was approximately $12.4 million.  As a result of the sale, 1993 
     net earnings increased by approximately $7.3 million ($0.22 per share).  Net earnings for the quarter ended 
     March 31, 1993 have been restated from amounts previously reported (net earnings $21.8 million; net earnings 
     per share $0.66) to reflect the cumulative effect of changes in accounting principles for environmental 
     liabilities and certain inventories ($9.0 million, net of the related tax effect).  In the third quarter of 
     1993 the Revenue Reconciliation Act of 1993 was enacted which raised the maximum corporate tax rate from 34% 
     to 35%.  This resulted in $2.7 million ($0.08 per share) in additional taxes.  In the fourth quarter of 1993, 
     the Company incurred unusual charges aggregating $11.5 million ($0.35 per share) primarily related to 
     inventory, development of a prototype materials recovery facility and expenses associated with the Company's 
     on-going capital investment program.  See also Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
     Results of Operations and Notes 1, 2 and 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

</TABLE>
<PAGE>
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS


Board of Directors
Wellman, Inc.

    We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance 
sheets of Wellman, Inc. as of December 31, 1993 and 1992, and 
the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders' 
equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period 
ended December 31, 1993.  Our audits also included the 
financial statement schedules listed in the Index at Item 8.  
These financial statements and schedules are the responsibility 
of the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to express 
an opinion on these financial statements and schedules based on 
our audits.  We did not audit the financial statements and 
schedules of a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, which 
statements reflect total assets constituting 6% in 1993 and 8% 
in 1992 and total revenues constituting 10% in 1993 and 11% in 
1992 and 1991 of the related consolidated totals.  Those 
statements and schedules were audited by other auditors whose 
report has been furnished to us, and our opinion, insofar as it 
relates to data included for the Company's wholly-owned 
subsidiary, is based solely on the report of other auditors.

    We conducted our audits in accordance with generally 
accepted auditing standards.  Those standards require that we 
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about 
whether the financial statements are free of material 
misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis, 
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the 
financial statements.  An audit also includes assessing the 
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by 
management as well as evaluating the overall financial 
statement presentation.  We believe that our audits and the 
report of other auditors provide a reasonable basis for our 
opinion.

    In our opinion, based on our audits and the report of other 
auditors, the consolidated financial statements referred to 
above present fairly, in all material respects, the 
consolidated financial position of Wellman, Inc. at December 
31, 1993 and 1992, and the consolidated results of its 
operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in 
the period ended December 31, 1993, in conformity with 
generally accepted accounting principles.  Also, in our 
opinion, based on our audits and the report of other auditors, 
the related financial statement schedules, when considered in 
relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole, 
present fairly in all material respects the information set 
forth therein.

<PAGE>
    As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, in 1993 
the Company changed its method of accounting for recoveries 
related to environmental liabilities and its method of valuing 
certain inventories.


                                  ERNST & YOUNG


Charlotte, North Carolina
February 15, 1994


<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                                                       SCHEDULE V
                                             WELLMAN, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                                             PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                     Years ended December 31, 1991, 1992, and 1993
                                                     (In thousands)

<CAPTION>
                                              Year ended December 31, 1991
===============================================================================================================
                                       Balance at                                                    Balance at
                                       Beginning                                                       End of
      Classification                    of Year        Additions(a)   Retirements        Other(b)       Year
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                      <C>              <C>             <C>             <C>           <C>
Land, Buildings and improvements       $ 69,968        $ 6,899          $2,408         $(1,846)      $ 72,613
Machinery and equipment                 350,130         18,968           1,573             221        367,746
                                        -------         -------          ------          ------      --------

                                       $420,098        $25,867          $3,981         $(1,625)      $440,359
                                       ========        =======          =======         =======       =======

<CAPTION>
                                              Year ended December 31, 1992
===============================================================================================================
                                       Balance at                                                   Balance at
                                       Beginning                                                      End of
      Classification                    of Year       Additions(a)    Retirements      Other(b)        Year
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<S>                                        <C>             <C>             <C>             <C>           <C>
Land, buildings and improvements        $ 72,613        $ 9,673        $  2,169       $  ( 536)      $ 79,581
Machinery and equipment                  367,746         52,652          11,795         (3,164)       405,439
                                        --------        -------          ------         ------       --------

                                        $440,359        $62,325         $13,964        $(3,700)      $485,020
                                         =======        =======          ======         ======        =======


<CAPTION>
                                              Year ended December 31, 1993
===============================================================================================================
                                       Balance at                                                    Balance at
                                       Beginning                                                       End of
      Classification                    of Year       Additions(a)    Retirements      Other(b)         Year

- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                        <C>            <C>               <C>          <C>             <C>
Land, buildings and improvements       $ 79,581        $ 16,202          $   95       $(1,036)       $ 94,652
Machinery and equipment                 405,439          94,437           5,001        (5,359)        489,516
                                       --------        --------          ------        ------        --------
                                       $485,020        $110,639          $5,096       $(6,395)       $584,168
                                       ========        ========          ======        --====        ========
<FN>

(a)  Includes the effects of businesses acquired.
(b)  Primarily foreign currency translation adjustments.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                                                      SCHEDULE VI

                                             WELLMAN, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                                    ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION OF PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                     Years Ended December 31, 1991, 1992, and 1993
                                                     (In thousands)
<CAPTION>

                                              Year ended December 31, 1991
==================================================================================================
                                     Balance at                                        Balance at
                                     Beginning                                           End of
           Classification             of Year   Additions   Retirements     Other(a)      Year
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                      <C>      <C>           <C>           <C>         <C>
Land, buildings and improvements      $ 9,476   $ 3,217      $  909        $( 113)    $ 11,671
Machinery and equipment                59,566    32,084         908         ( 499)      90,243
                                      -------    -------      -------       -------    -------
                                      $69,042   $35,301      $1,817        $( 612)    $101,914
                                      =======   =======      =======       =======     =======

<CAPTION>

                                              Year ended December 31, 1992
==================================================================================================
                                     Balance at                                        Balance at
                                     Beginning                                           End of
           Classification             of Year   Additions   Retirements     Other(a)      Year
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                      <C>      <C>           <C>           <C>         <C>
Land, buildings and improvements      $11,671    $ 3,617      $ 1,866      $  (263)     $ 13,159
Machinery and equipment                90,243     35,296        8,198       (1,490)      115,851
                                      -------    -------      -------        ------      -------
                                     $101,914    $38,913      $10,064      $(1,753)     $129,010
                                      =======    =======      =======        ====-=      =======

<CAPTION>

                                              Year ended December 31, 1993
==================================================================================================
                                     Balance at                                        Balance at
                                     Beginning                                           End of
           Classification             of Year   Additions   Retirements     Other(a)     Year
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                     <C>       <C>           <C>           <C>         <C>
Land, buildings and improvements     $ 13,159    $ 4,743       $   51       $   160    $ 18,011
Machinery and equipment               115,851     36,866        3,910        (3,191)    145,616
                                      -------    -------       ------        ------     -------
                                     $129,010    $41,609       $3,961       $(3,031)   $163,627
                                      =======    =======       ======        ======     =======

<FN>

(a)  Primarily foreign currency translation adjustments.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                                                     SCHEDULE VIII


                                                     WELLMAN, INC.

                                           VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
                                 For The Years Ended December 31, 1991, 1992, and 1993
                                                     (In thousands)


<CAPTION>

                                                Balance at    Charged to                             Balance
                                                 Beginning     Costs and                             at End
           Description                            of Year       Expenses      Other    Deductions    of Year


Allowance for doubtful accounts receivable:

<S>                                                 <C>           <C>          <C>          <C>         <C>
  Year ended December 31, 1991                    $4,184        $   51      $ 1,315(a)  $  205(b)    $ 5,345
                                                  ======        ======       =======     ======      =======

  Year ended December 31, 1992                    $5,345        $  646      $  (39)(a)  $1,509(b)    $ 4,443
                                                  ======        ======        =======    =======     =======

  Year ended December 31, 1993                    $4,443        $  702      $  (60)(a)  $  853(b)    $ 4,232
                                                  ======        ======      =========    =======     =======

<FN>

(a)  Primarily foreign currency translation adjustments.

(b)  Accounts written off.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
                             SCHEDULE X

                           WELLMAN, INC.

             SUPPLEMENTARY INCOME STATEMENT INFORMATION
       For The Years Ended December 31, 1991, 1992, and 1993
                           (In thousands)

=================================================================
                                1991         1992        1993
- -----------------------------------------------------------------

Maintenance and repairs        $33,479      $36,721      $37,959
                               =======      =======      =======
Amortization of
   intangible assets           $11,967      $12,764      $16,313
                               =======      =======      =======



Other amounts are less than 1 percent of sales.

<PAGE>
Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on 
         Accounting and Financial Disclosure

    None.
<PAGE>
                            PART III


Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant

    "Election of Directors" in the Company's Proxy Statement 
for the 1994 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with 
the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before April 30, 
1994 is hereby incorporated by reference herein.

Item 11. Executive Compensation

    "Compensation of Directors and Officers" in the Company's 
Proxy Statement for the 1994 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to 
be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or 
before April 30, 1994 is hereby incorporated by reference 
herein.  Such incorporation by reference shall not be deemed to 
specifically incorporate by reference the information referred 
to in Item 402(a)(8) of Regulation S-K.

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and 
         Management

    "Introduction" and "Election of Directors" in the Company's 
Proxy Statement for the 1994 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to 
be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or 
before April 30, 1994 is hereby incorporated by reference 
herein.

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

    "Compensation of Directors and Officers" in the Company's 
Proxy Statement for the 1994 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to 
be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or 
before April 30, 1994 is hereby incorporated by reference 
herein.


<PAGE>
                            PART IV

Item 14. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, and Reports 
         on Form 8-K

    (a)  1.   Financial Statements

              The financial statements included in Item 8 are 
              filed as part of this annual report.

         2.   Financial Statement Schedules

              The financial statement schedules included in 
              Item 8 are filed as part of this annual report.

         3.   Exhibits

    Exhibit Number                Description

         3(a)(1)   Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
                   (Exhibit 3.1 of the Company's Registration 
                   Statement on Form S-1, File No. 33-13458, 
                   incorporated by reference herein)

         3(a)(2)   Certificate of Amendment to Restated 
                   Certificate of Incorporation (Exhibit 
                   3(a)(2) of the Company's Registration 
                   Statement on Form S-4, File No. 33-31043, 
                   incorporated by reference herein)

         3(a)(3)   Certificate of Amendment to Restated 
                   Certificate of Incorporation (Exhibit 28 of 
                   the Company's Registration Statement on Form 
                   S-8, File No. 33-38491, incorporated by 
                   reference herein)

         3(a)(4)   Certificate of Amendment to Restated 
                   Certificate of Incorporation

         3(b)      By-Laws, as amended

         4(a)      Loan Agreement dated December 7, 1990 by and 
                   between the Company and Fleet National Bank, 
                   as agent, and certain other financial 
                   institutions (Exhibit 4(a) of the Company's 
                   Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 
                   1990 incorporated by reference herein)

         4(b)      Note and Stock Purchase Agreement dated 
                   July 31, 1985, among the Company, the <PAGE>
                   Prudential Insurance Company of Amer
                   ("Prudential") and Teachers Insurance and 
                   Annuity Association of America ("Teachers") 
                   (Exhibit 4.6 of the Company's Registration 
                   Statement on Form S-1, File No. 33-23988, 
                   incorporated by reference herein)

         4(c)      Letter Agreement dated June 10, 1987 between 
                   the Company and Teachers (Exhibit 19.2 of 
                   the Company's Form 10-Q for the Quarter 
                   ended June 30, 1987 incorporated by 
                   reference herein)

         4(d)      Letter Agreement dated October 2, 1989 
                   between the Company and Teachers (Exhibit 
                   4(c) of the Company's Form 8-K for the event 
                   dated November 1, 1989 incorporated by 
                   reference herein)

         4(e)      Letter Agreement dated June 10, 1987 between 
                   the Company and Prudential (Exhibit 19.3 of 
                   the Company's Form 10-Q for the Quarter 
                   ended June 30, 1987 incorporated by 
                   reference herein)

         4(f)      Letter Agreement dated October 2, 1989 
                   between the Company and Prudential (Exhibit 
                   4(d) of the Company's Form 8-K for the event 
                   dated November 1, 1989 incorporated by 
                   reference herein)

         4(g)      Letter Agreement dated March 20, 1990 
                   between the Company and Prudential (Exhibit 
                   4(g) of the Company's Form 10-K for the year 
                   ended December 31, 1991 incorporated by 
                   reference herein)

         4(h)      Letter Agreement dated March 20, 1990 
                   between the Company and Teachers (Exhibit 
                   4(h) of the Company's Form 10-K for the year 
                   ended December 31, 1991 incorporated by 
                   reference herein)

         4(i)      Letter Agreement dated December 7, 1990 
                   between the Company and Prudential (Exhibit 
                   4(i) of the Company's Form 10-K for the year 
                   ended December 31, 1991 incorporated by 
                   reference herein)

<PAGE>
         4(j)      Letter Agreement dated December 7, 1990 
                   between the Company and Teachers (Exhibit 
                   4(j) of the Company's Form 10-K for the year 
                   ended December 31, 1991 incorporated by 
                   reference herein)

         4(k)      Amendment Agreement dated February 27, 1992 
                   between the Company and Prudential (Exhibit 
                   4(k) of the Company's Form 10-K for the year 
                   ended December 31, 1991 incorporated by 
                   reference herein)

         4(l)      Amendment Agreement dated February 27, 1992 
                   between the Company and Teachers (Exhibit 
                   4(l) of the Company's Form 10-K for the year 
                   ended December 31, 1991 incorporated by 
                   reference herein)

         4(m)      Facilities dated December 19, 1991 between 
                   WIL and Ulster Investment Bank Limited 
                   (Exhibit 4(m) of the Company's Form 10-Q for 
                   the quarter ended June 30, 1992 incorporated 
                   by reference herein)

         4(n)      Registration Rights Agreement dated as of 
                   August 12, 1985 by and among the Company, 
                   Teachers, Prudential, Narragansett First 
                   Fund, Thomas M. Duff, John L. Dings, Alex 
                   Holder, Calvin Hughes, and Frank McGuire 
                   (Exhibit 4.7 of the Company's Registration 
                   Statement on Form S-1, File No. 33-13458, 
                   incorporated by reference herein)

         4(o)      Loan Agreement between South Carolina Jobs - 
                   Economic Development Authority (the 
                   "Authority") and the Company dated as of 
                   December 1, 1990 (Exhibit 4(n) of the 
                   Company's Form 10-K for the year ended 
                   December 31, 1990 incorporated by reference 
                   herein)

         4(p)      First Supplemental Loan Agreement between 
                   the Authority and the Company dated as of 
                   April 1, 1991 (Exhibit 4(a) of the Company's 
                   Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 
                   1991 incorporated by reference herein)

         4(q)      Note Purchase Agreement dated as of June 14, 
                   1991 between the Company and the Purchasers 
                   named in Schedule I thereto (Exhibit 4(b) of <PAGE>
                   the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarter
                   ended June 30, 1991 incorporated by 
                   reference herein)

         4(r)      Rights Agreement dated as of August 6, 1991 
                   between the Company and First Chicago Trust 
                   Company of New York, as Rights Agent 
                   (Exhibit 1 to the Company's Form 8-K dated 
                   as of August 6, 1991 incorporated by 
                   reference herein)

         4(s)      Loan Agreement between the Authority and the 
                   Company, dated as of June 1, 1992 (Exhibit 
                   4(u) of the Company's Form 10-Q for the 
                   quarter ended June 30, 1992 incorporated by 
                   reference herein)

         4(t)      Note Purchase Agreement between the Company 
                   and Teachers dated July 28, 1992 (Exhibit 
                   4(v) of the Company's Form 10-Q for the 
                   quarter ended June 30, 1992 incorporated by 
                   reference herein)

         4(u)      Loan Agreement between the Authority and the 
                   Company, dated as of December 1, 1992 
                   (Exhibit 4(w) of the Company's Form 10-K for 
                   the year ended December 31, 1992 
                   incorporated by reference herein)

         4(v)      Promissory Note dated May 15, 1992 of the 
                   Company to the City of Florence, SC (Exhibit 
                   4(x) of the Company's Form 10-K for the year 
                   ended December 31, 1992 incorporated by 
                   reference herein)

         4(w)      Loan note participations with the Sumitomo 
                   Bank, Limited, dated July 27, 1992, Buliner 
                   Handels-und Frankfurter Bank dated June 15, 
                   1992, Banco di Napoli dated September 14, 
                   1992, Istituto Bancario San Paolo di Torino 
                   S.p.A. dated January 4, 1992, Continental 
                   Bank N.A. dated November 26, 1991 (Exhibit 
                   4(y) of the Company's Form 10-K for the year 
                   ended December 31, 1992 incorporated by 
                   reference herein)

         4(x)      Promissory Note dated August 9, 1993 of the 
                   Company to First Fidelity Bank, National 
                   Bank (Exhibit 4(z) of the Company's Form 
                   10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 
                   1993 incorporated by reference herein)

<PAGE>
         4(y)      Commercial Purpose Loan Note dated August 
                   11, 1993 to Chemical Bank New Jersey, 
                   National Association

         4(z)      Promissory Note dated June 18, 1993 of the 
                   Company to Fleet National Bank

         Executive Compensation Plans and Arrangements

         10(a)     Wellman, Inc. 1985 Incentive Stock Option 
                   Plan, as amended (Exhibit 4(a) of the 
                   Company's Registration Statement on Form 
                   S-8/S-3, File No. 33-17196, incorporated by 
                   reference herein)

         10(b)(1)  Employment Agreement dated as of January 1, 
                   1990 between the Company and Thomas M. Duff 
                   (Exhibit 10(e) of the Company's Form 10-K 
                   for the year ended December 31, 1989 
                   incorporated by reference herein)

         10(b)(2)  Amendment to Employment Agreement dated as 
                   of January 1, 1993 between the Company and 
                   Thomas M. Duff (Exhibit 19 to the Company's 
                   Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 
                   1993 incorporated by reference herein)

         10(c)(1)  Employment Agreement dated as of January 1, 
                   1990 between the Company and Clifford J. 
                   Christenson (Exhibit 10(f) of the Company's 
                   Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 
                   1989 incorporated by reference herein)

         10(c)(2)  First Amendment to Employment Agreement 
                   dated as of January 1, 1993 between the 
                   Company and Clifford J. Christenson (Exhibit 
                   10(c)(2) of the Company's Form 10-K for the 
                   year ended December 31, 1992 incorporated by 
                   reference herein)

         10(d)     Service Agreement dated as of June 26, 1991 
                   between Wellman International Investments 
                   Limited and Charles William Beckwith (Ehibit 
                   10(g) of the Company's Form 10-K for the 
                   year ended December 31, 1991 incorporated by 
                   reference herein)

         10(e)     Employment Agreement dated as of October 1, 
                   1991 between the Company and James P. Casey 
                   (Ehibit 10(j) of the Company's Form 10-K for 
                   the year ended December 31, 1991 
                   incorporated by reference herein)

<PAGE>
         10(f)     Employment Agreement dated as of April 1, 
                   1992 between the Company and Paul D. Apostol 
                   (Exhibit 10(f) of the Company's Form 10-K 
                   for the year ended December 31, 1992 
                   incorporated by reference herein)

         10(g)     Directors Stock Option Plan dated as of 
                   December 2, 1991 (Exhibit 4(a) of the 
                   Company's Registration Statement on Form 
                   S-8, File No. 33-44822 incorporated by 
                   reference herein)

         10(h)     Management Incentive Compensation Plan

         10(i)     Summary of Executive Life Insurance Plan 
                   (Exhibit 10.22 of the Company's Registration 
                   Statement on Form S-1, File No. 33-13458, 
                   incorporated by reference herein)

         10(j)(1)  Amended and Restated Restricted Stock 
                   Agreement dated November 17, 1988 between 
                   the Company and Peter H. Conze (Exhibit 
                   10(x)(1) of the Company's Form 10-K for the 
                   year ended December 31, 1990 incorporated by 
                   reference herein)

         10(j)(2)  Amended and Restated Restricted Stock 
                   Agreement dated December 5, 1988 between the 
                   Company and Richard F. Heitmiller (Exhibit 
                   10(x)(2) of the Company's Form 10-K for the 
                   year ended December 31, 1990 incorporated by 
                   reference herein)

         10(j)(3)  Restricted Stock Agreement dated March 31, 
                   1989 between the Company and Jonathan M. 
                   Nelson (Exhibit 10(w)(4) of the Company's 
                   Registration Statement on Form S-4, File No. 
                   33-31043, incorporated by reference herein)

         10(j)(4)  Restricted Stock Agreement dated March 31, 
                   1989 between the Company and Roger A. 
                   Vandenberg (Exhibit 10(w)(5) of the 
                   Company's Registration Statement on Form 
                   S-4, File No. 33-31043, incorporated by 
                   reference herein)

         10(j)(5)  Restricted Stock Agreement dated as of 
                   August 9, 1990 between the Company and Allan 
                   R. Dragone (Exhibit 10(x)(5) of the 
                   Company's Form 10-K for the year ended 
                   December 31, 1990 incorporated by reference 
                   herein)

<PAGE>
         10(j)(6)  Restricted Stock Agreement dated as of 
                   August 9, 1990 between the Company and 
                   Raymond C. Tower (Exhibit 10(x)(6) of the 
                   Company's Form 10-K for the year ended 
                   December 31, 1990 incorporated by reference 
                   herein)

         10(j)(7)  Restricted Stock Agreement dated September 
                   21, 1993 between the Company and James E. 
                   Rogers

         Other Material Agreements

         10(k)     Environmental Agreement dated as of 
                   August 8, 1985, by and among the Company, 
                   Arthur O. Wellman, Jr., and Edward R. Sacks 
                   (Exhibit 10.12 of the Company's Registration 
                   Statement on Form S-1, File No. 33-13458, 
                   incorporated by reference herein)

         10(l)     Post-Closing Escrow Agreement dated 
                   August 12, 1985 by and among the Company, 
                   Arthur O. Wellman, Jr., Edward R. Sacks and 
                   certain other parties (Exhibit 10.2 of the 
                   Company's Registration Statement on Form 
                   S-1, File No. 33-13458, incorporated by 
                   reference herein)

         10(m)     Guarantee of indebtedness of Wellman Fibers 
                   Limited to National Westminster Bank PLC 
                   (Exhibit 10(r) of the Company's Form 10-K 
                   for the year ended December 31, 1991 
                   incorporated by reference herein)

         10(n)     Letter Agreement, relating to certain 
                   environmental matters, dated August 17, 
                   1987, by and among FI, HCC and Celanese 
                   (Exhibit 10.3 of FI's Registration Statement 
                   on Form S-1, File No. 33-20626, incorporated 
                   herein by reference)

         10(o)     Trademark Assignment and License, dated 
                   January 28, 1988, by and among FI, HCC and 
                   Celanese (Exhibit 10.14 of FI's Registration 
                   Statement on Form S-1, File No. 33-20626, 
                   incorporated herein by reference)

         18        Letter of Ernst & Young re change in 
                   accounting principles

<PAGE>
         21        Subsidiaries of the Company

         23(a)     Consent of Ernst & Young

         23(b)     Consent of KPMG Stokes Kennedy Crowley

         99        Report of KPMG Stokes Kennedy Crowley

    (b)  Reports on Form 8-K

         None.

<PAGE>
                           SIGNATURES

    Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused 
this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, 
thereunto duly authorized, on March 24, 1994.

                                  WELLMAN, INC.


                                  By /s/ Thomas M. Duff           
                                         President


    Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act 
of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following 
persons on behalf of the registrant in the capacities indicated 
on March 24, 1994.

    Signatures                    Title

/s/ Thomas M. Duff                President, Chief Executive Officer
    Thomas M. Duff                and Director (Principal Executive
                                  Officer)

/s/ Keith R. Phillips             Vice President, Chief Financial
    Keith R. Phillips             Officer and Treasurer (Principal
                                  Financial Officer)

/s/ Mark J. Rosenblum             Vice President, Controller
    Mark J. Rosenblum             (Principal Accounting Officer)

/s/ C. William Beckwith           Director
    C. William Beckwith

/s/ Peter H. Conze                Director
    Peter H. Conze

/s/ Allan R. Dragone              Director
    Allan R. Dragone

/s/ Richard F. Heitmiller         Director
    Richard F. Heitmiller

/s/ Jonathan M. Nelson            Director
    Jonathan M. Nelson

/s/ James E. Rogers               Director
    James E. Rogers

/s/ Raymond C. Tower              Director
    Raymond C. Tower

/s/ Roger A. Vandenberg           Director
    Roger A. Vandenberg

<PAGE>
                            EXHIBIT INDEX

  Exhibit Number           Description          

    3(a)(1)     Restated Certificate of Incorporation
                (Exhibit 3.1 of the Company's 
                Registration Statement on Form 
                S-1, File No. 33-13458, 
                incorporated by reference herein)

    3(a)(2)     Certificate of Amendment to Restated
                Certificate of Incorporation 
                (Exhibit 3(a)(2) of the 
                Company's Registration Statement 
                on Form S-4, File No. 33-31043, 
                incorporated by reference herein)

    3(a)(3)     Certificate of Amendment to Restated
                Certificate of Incorporation 
                (Exhibit 28 of the Company's 
                Registration Statement on Form 
                S-8, File No. 33-38491, 
                incorporated by reference herein)

    3(a)(4)     Certificate of Amendment to Restated
                Certificate of Incorporation

    3(b)        By-Laws, as amended

    4(a)        Loan Agreement dated December 7, 1990
                by and between the Company and 
                Fleet National Bank, as agent, 
                and certain other financial 
                institutions (Exhibit 4(a) of 
                the Company's Form 10-K for the 
                year ended December 31, 1990 
                incorporated by reference herein)

    4(b)        Note and Stock Purchase Agreement
                dated July 31, 1985, among the 
                Company, the Prudential 
                Insurance Company of America 
                ("Prudential") and Teachers 
                Insurance and Annuity 
                Association of America 
                ("Teachers") (Exhibit 4.6 of the 
                Company's Registration Statement 
                on Form S-1, File No. 33-23988, 
                incorporated by reference herein)

<PAGE>
  Exhibit Number           Description        

    4(c)        Letter Agreement dated June 10, 1987
                between the Company and Teachers 
                (Exhibit 19.2 of the Company's 
                Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended 
                June 30, 1987 incorporated by 
                reference herein)

    4(d)        Letter Agreement dated October 2,
                1989 between the Company and 
                Teachers (Exhibit 4(c) of the 
                Company's Form 8-K for the event 
                dated November 1, 1989 
                incorporated by reference herein)

    4(e)        Letter Agreement dated June 10, 1987
                between the Company and 
                Prudential (Exhibit 19.3 of the 
                Company's Form 10-Q for the 
                Quarter ended June 30, 1987 
                incorporated by reference herein)

    4(f)        Letter Agreement dated October 2, 1989
                between the Company and 
                Prudential (Exhibit 4(d) of the 
                Company's Form 8-K for the event 
                dated November 1, 1989 
                incorporated by reference herein)

    4(g)        Letter Agreement dated March 20, 1990
                between the Company and 
                Prudential (Exhibit 4(g) of the 
                Company's Form 10-K for the year 
                ended December 31, 1991 
                incorporated by reference herein)

    4(h)        Letter Agreement dated March 20, 1990
                between the Company and Teachers 
                (Exhibit 4(h) of the Company's 
                Form 10-K for the year ended 
                December 31, 1991 incorporated 
                by reference herein)

    4(i)        Letter Agreement dated December 7, 1990
                between the Company and 
                Prudential (Exhibit 4(i) of the 
                Company's Form 10-K for the year 
                ended December 31, 1991 
                incorporated by reference herein)

<PAGE>
  Exhibit Number           Description               

    4(j)        Letter Agreement dated December 7, 1990
                between the Company and Teachers 
                (Exhibit 4(j) of the Company's 
                Form 10-K for the year ended 
                December 31, 1991 incorporated 
                by reference herein)

    4(k)        Amendment Agreement dated February 27,
                1992 between the Company and 
                Prudential (Exhibit 4(k) of the 
                Company's Form 10-K for the year 
                ended December 31, 1991 
                incorporated by reference herein)

    4(l)        Amendment Agreement dated February 27,
                1992 between the Company and 
                Teachers (Exhibit 4(l) of the 
                Company's Form 10-K for the year 
                ended December 31, 1991 
                incorporated by reference herein)

    4(m)        Facilities dated December 19, 1991
                between WIL and Ulster 
                Investment Bank Limited (Exhibit 
                4(m) of the Company's Form 10-Q 
                for the quarter ended June 30, 
                1992 incorporated by reference 
                herein)

    4(n)        Registration Rights Agreement dated
                as of August 12, 1985 by and 
                among the Company, Teachers, 
                Prudential, Narragansett First 
                Fund, Thomas M. Duff, John L. 
                Dings, Alex Holder, Calvin 
                Hughes, and Frank McGuire 
                (Exhibit 4.7 of the Company's 
                Registration Statement on Form 
                S-1, File No. 33-13458, 
                incorporated by reference herein)

    4(o)        Loan Agreement between South Carolina
                Jobs - Economic Development 
                Authority (the "Authority") and 
                the Company dated as of December 
                1, 1990 (Exhibit 4(n) of the 
                Company's Form 10-K for the year 
                ended December 31, 1990 
                incorporated by reference herein)

<PAGE>
  Exhibit Number           Description                 

    4(p)        First Supplemental Loan Agreement
                between the Authority and the 
                Company dated as of April 1, 
                1991 (Exhibit 4(a) of the 
                Company's Form 10-Q for the 
                quarter ended June 30, 1991 
                incorporated by reference herein)

    4(q)        Note Purchase Agreement dated as of
                June 14, 1991 between the 
                Company and the Purchasers named 
                in Schedule I thereto (Exhibit 
                4(b) of the Company's Form 10-Q 
                for the quarter ended June 30, 
                1991 incorporated by reference 
                herein)

    4(r)        Rights Agreement dated as of
                August 6, 1991 between the 
                Company and First Chicago Trust 
                Company of New York, as Rights 
                Agent (Exhibit 1 to the 
                Company's Form 8-K dated as of 
                August 6, 1991 incorporated by 
                reference herein)

    4(s)        Loan Agreement between the Authority
                and the Company, dated as of 
                June 1, 1992 (Exhibit 4(u) of 
                the Company's Form 10-Q for the 
                quarter ended June 30, 1992 
                incorporated by reference herein)

    4(t)        Note Purchase Agreement between the
                Company and Teachers dated July 
                28, 1992 (Exhibit 4(v) of the 
                Company's Form 10-Q for the 
                quarter ended June 30, 1992 
                incorporated by reference herein)

    4(u)        Loan Agreement between the Authority
                and the Company, dated as of 
                December 1, 1992 (Exhibit 4(w) 
                of the Company's Form 10-K for 
                the year ended December 31, 1992 
                incorporated by reference herein)

<PAGE>
  Exhibit Number           Description                   

    4(v)        Promissory Note dated May 15, 1992
                of the Company to the City of 
                Florence, SC (Exhibit 4(x) of 
                the Company's Form 10-K for the 
                year ended December 31, 1992 
                incorporated by reference herein)

    4(w)        Loan note participations with the
                Sumitomo Bank, Limited, dated 
                July 27, 1992, Buliner 
                Handels-und Frankfurter Bank 
                dated June 15, 1992, Banco di 
                Napoli dated September 14, 1992, 
                Istituto Bancario San Paolo di 
                Torino S.p.A. dated January 4, 
                1992, Continental Bank N.A. 
                dated November 26, 1991 (Exhibit 
                4(y) of the Company's Form 10-K 
                for the year ended December 31, 
                1992 incorporated by reference 
                herein)

    4(x)        Promissory Note dated August 9, 1993
                of the Company to First Fidelity 
                Bank, National Bank (Exhibit 
                4(z) of the Company's Form 10-Q 
                for the quarter ended September 
                30, 1993 incorporated by 
                reference herein)

    4(y)        Commercial Purpose Loan Note dated
                August 11, 1993 to Chemical Bank 
                New Jersey, National Association

    4(z)        Promissory Note dated June 18, 1993
                of the Company to Fleet National 
                Bank

Executive Compensation Plans and Arrangements

    10(a)       Wellman, Inc. 1985 Incentive Stock
                Option Plan, as amended (Exhibit 
                4(a) of the Company's 
                Registration Statement on Form 
                S-8/S-3, File No. 33-17196, 
                incorporated by reference herein)

<PAGE>
  Exhibit Number           Description                   

    10(b)(1)    Employment Agreement dated as of
                January 1, 1990 between the 
                Company and Thomas M. Duff 
                (Exhibit 10(e) of the Company's 
                Form 10-K for the year ended 
                December 31, 1989 incorporated 
                by reference herein)

    10(b)(2)    Amendment to Employment Agreement
                dated as of January 1, 1993 
                between the Company and Thomas 
                M. Duff (Exhibit 19 to the 
                Company's Form 10-Q for the 
                quarter ended March 31, 1993 
                incorporated by reference herein)

    10(c)(1)    Employment Agreement dated as of
                January 1, 1990 between the 
                Company and Clifford J. 
                Christenson (Exhibit 10(f) of 
                the Company's Form 10-K for the 
                year ended December 31, 1989 
                incorporated by reference herein)

    10(c)(2)    First Amendment to Employment Agreement
                dated as of January 1, 1993 
                between the Company and Clifford 
                J. Christenson (Exhibit 10(c)(2) 
                of the Company's Form 10-K for 
                the year ended December 31, 1992 
                incorporated by reference herein)

    10(d)       Service Agreement dated as of
                June 26, 1991 between Wellman 
                International Investments 
                Limited and Charles William 
                Beckwith (Ehibit 10(g) of the 
                Company's Form 10-K for the year 
                ended December 31, 1991 
                incorporated by reference herein)

    10(e)       Employment Agreement dated as of
                October 1, 1991 between the 
                Company and James P. Casey 
                (Ehibit 10(j) of the Company's 
                Form 10-K for the year ended 
                December 31, 1991 incorporated 
                by reference herein)

<PAGE>
  Exhibit Number           Description                    

    10(f)       Employment Agreement dated as of
                April 1, 1992 between the 
                Company and Paul D. Apostol 
                (Exhibit 10(f) of the Company's 
                Form 10-K for the year ended 
                December 31, 1992 incorporated 
                by reference herein)

    10(g)       Directors Stock Option Plan dated
                as of December 2, 1991 (Exhibit 
                4(a) of the Company's 
                Registration Statement on Form 
                S-8, File No. 33-44822 
                incorporated by reference herein)

    10(h)       Management Incentive Compensation Plan

    10(i)       Summary of Executive Life Insurance
                Plan (Exhibit 10.22 of the 
                Company's Registration Statement 
                on Form S-1, File No. 33-13458, 
                incorporated by reference herein)

    10(j)(1)    Amended and Restated Restricted Stock
                Agreement dated November 17, 
                1988 between the Company and 
                Peter H. Conze (Exhibit 10(x)(1) 
                of the Company's Form 10-K for 
                the year ended December 31, 1990 
                incorporated by reference herein)

    10(j)(2)    Amended and Restated Restricted Stock
                Agreement dated December 5, 1988 
                between the Company and Richard 
                F. Heitmiller (Exhibit 10(x)(2) 
                of the Company's Form 10-K for 
                the year ended December 31, 1990 
                incorporated by reference herein)

    10(j)(3)    Restricted Stock Agreement dated
                March 31, 1989 between the 
                Company and Jonathan M. Nelson 
                (Exhibit 10(w)(4) of the 
                Company's Registration Statement 
                on Form S-4, File No. 33-31043, 
                incorporated by reference herein)

<PAGE>
  Exhibit Number           Description                    

    10(j)(4)    Restricted Stock Agreement dated
                March 31, 1989 between the 
                Company and Roger A. Vandenberg 
                (Exhibit 10(w)(5) of the 
                Company's Registration Statement 
                on Form S-4, File No. 33-31043, 
                incorporated by reference herein)

    10(j)(5)    Restricted Stock Agreement dated as
                of August 9, 1990 between the 
                Company and Allan R. Dragone 
                (Exhibit 10(x)(5) of the 
                Company's Form 10-K for the year 
                ended December 31, 1990 
                incorporated by reference herein)

10(j)(6)        Restricted Stock Agreement dated as
                of August 9, 1990 between the 
                Company and Raymond C. Tower 
                (Exhibit 10(x)(6) of the 
                Company's Form 10-K for the year 
                ended December 31, 1990 
                incorporated by reference herein)

    10(j)(7)    Restricted Stock Agreement dated
                September 21, 1993 between the 
                Company and James E. Rogers

Other Material Agreements

    10(k)       Environmental Agreement dated as of
                August 8, 1985, by and among the 
                Company, Arthur O. Wellman, Jr., 
                and Edward R. Sacks (Exhibit 
                10.12 of the Company's 
                Registration Statement on Form 
                S-1, File No. 33-13458, 
                incorporated by reference herein)

    10(l)       Post-Closing Escrow Agreement dated
                August 12, 1985 by and among the 
                Company, Arthur O. Wellman, Jr., 
                Edward R. Sacks and certain 
                other parties (Exhibit 10.2 of 
                the Company's Registration 
                Statement on Form S-1, File No. 
                33-13458, incorporated by 
                reference herein)

<PAGE>
  Exhibit Number           Description                    

    10(m)       Guarantee of indebtedness of Wellman
                Fibers Limited to National 
                Westminster Bank PLC (Exhibit 
                10(r) of the Company's Form 10-K 
                for the year ended December 31, 
                1991 incorporated by reference 
                herein)

    10(n)       Letter Agreement, relating to certain
                environmental matters, dated 
                August 17, 1987, by and among 
                FI, HCC and Celanese (Exhibit 
                10.3 of FI's Registration 
                Statement on Form S-1, File No. 
                33-20626, incorporated herein by 
                reference)

    10(o)       Trademark Assignment and License,
                dated January 28, 1988, by and 
                among FI, HCC and Celanese 
                (Exhibit 10.14 of FI's 
                Registration Statement on Form 
                S-1, File No. 33-20626, 
                incorporated herein by reference)

    18          Letter of Ernst & Young regarding
                change in accounting principles

    21          Subsidiaries of the Company

    23(a)       Consent of Ernst & Young

    23(b)       Consent of KPMG Stokes Kennedy Crowley

    99          Report of KPMG Stokes Kennedy Crowley


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>10K EX3
<TEXT>

                                                Exhibit 3(a)(1)

                               RESTATED
                     CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
                                  OF
                            WELLMAN, INC.
                 (formerly named WS Subsidiary, Inc.)

                   Pursuant to Sections 242 and 245
                    of the General Corporation Law
                       of the State of Delaware

    Wellman, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the 
laws of the State of Delaware (the "Corporation") hereby certifies 
as follows:
    1.  That the name of the Corporation is Wellman, Inc.
    2.  That the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation was 
filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of 
Delaware on the 11th day of July, 1985 and was amended and restated 
by a Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed in the office of 
the Secretary of State of Delaware on the 6th day of August, 1985, 
which Restated Certificate of Incorporation was amended by an 
Amendment thereto dated as of April 30, 1987 filed in the Office of 
the Secretary of State of Delaware on the 11th day of May, 1987 (the 
"Amendment").
    3.  That this Restated Certificate of Incorporation restates and 
integrates and further amends the Restated Certificate of 
Incorporation of this Corporation filed on August 6, 1985, as 
amended by the Amendment.
    4.  That the amendment to the Restated Certificate of 
Incorporation effected hereby is (i) to change the authorized 
capital stock of the Corporation to 30,000,000 shares, consisting of <PAGE>
24,500,000 shares of Common Stock, par value $.001 per share, 
5,500,000 shares of Class B Common Stock, par value $.001 per share, 
and to provide for the rights, privileges, powers and preferences of 
each such class or series of shares, (ii) to provide for special 
voting requirements for certain business combinations and (iii) to 
require the Corporation to offer to purchase the outstanding shares 
of its capital stock upon the occurrence of certain events.
    Upon effectuation of said amendment, and without any further act 
of the Corporation or the holders of any of its capital stock, (i) 
each share of the currently outstanding Common Stock, par value 
$1.00 per share, Class A Participating Preferred Stock, par value 
$1.00 per share, Class D Participating Preferred Stock, par value 
$1.00 per share, and Class E Participating Preferred Stock, par 
value $1.00 per share, shall be converted into 108 fully paid and 
non-assessable shares of Common Stock, par value $.001 per share, 
and (ii) each share of the currently outstanding Class B 
Participating Preferred Stock, par value $1.00 per share, and Class 
C Participating Preferred Stock, par value $1.00 per share, shall be 
converted into 108 shares of Class B Common Stock, par value $.001 
per share.
    5.  That the capital of the Corporation shall not be reduced 
under or by reason of the foregoing amendment of the Restated 
Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation.
    6.  That the Board of Directors of the Corporation adopted 
resolutions proposing and declaring advisable and in the best 
interest of the Corporation the restatement of and amendment to the 
Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, and <PAGE>
recommended the adoption of such restatement and amendment by the 
stockholders of the Corporation.
    7.  That the restatement of and further amendment to the 
Restated Certificate of Incorporation have been duly adopted by the 
unanimous written consent of the stockholders of the Corporation, in 
accordance with the applicable provisions of Section 228, 242, and 
245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.
    8.  That the text of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
is hereby restated and amended in its entirety to read in full as 
follows:
    FIRST:  Name.  The name of the Corporation is Wellman, Inc.
    SECOND:  Delaware Office and Registered Agent.  The registered 
office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware is located at 
Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, in the City of 
Wilmington, County of New Castle 19801.  The name of the registered 
agent of the Corporation as said address is The Corporation Trust 
Company, Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, 
Delaware 19801.
    THIRD:  Purposes.  The purposes of the Corporation are to engage 
in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be 
organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of 
Delaware, including, but not limited to, the acquisition of other 
corporations and the manufacture, sale and distribution directly or 
through one or more subsidiaries of fibers, filaments, and other 
fibrous substances or materials.
<PAGE>
    FOURTH:  Capital Stock.  The total number of shares of stock 
which the Corporation is authorized to issue is 30,000,000 as 
follows: 24,500,000 shares of Common Stock with a par value of $.001 
per share and 5,500,000 shares of Class B Common Stock with a par 
value of $.001 per share.
    A.  Common Stock
    The powers, designations, preferences, and relative, 
participating, optional and other rights of the Common Stock and the 
Class B Common Stock shall be identical in all respects except as 
follows:
    1.  Voting Rights.
    (a)  Election of Directors.  Holders of Class B Common Stock, as 
such, shall have no voting rights with respect to the election of 
Directors, and shares of Class B Common Stock shall not be included 
in determining the number of shares entitled to be voted on such 
matter.
    (b)  Other Voting Rights.  Holders of the Class B Common Stock, 
as such, shall have no right to vote on any other matters to be 
voted on by the stockholders of the Corporation, and the shares of 
Class B Common Stock shall not be included in determining the number 
of shares entitled to be voted on such matters; provided, however, 
that (i) the holders of Class B Common Stock shall have the right to 
vote as a separate class on the matters specified in Section 
242(b)(2) of the Delaware General Corporation Law, and (ii) the 
shares of Class B Common Stock shall be included in determining the 
number of shares entitled to be voted on, and the holders thereof as <PAGE>
such, voting together with the holders of the Common Stock, an
as a separate class, shall be entitled to one vote per share on all 
matters on which the holders of Voting Shares (as defined in Article 
SEVENTH) are entitled to vote pursuant to Article SEVENTH hereof, 
and on all matters required to be submitted to a vote of the 
stockholders under the General Corporation Law of the State of 
Delaware except for the election of directors.
    2.  Conversion Rights.
    Shares of Class B Common Stock may, at the election of the 
holder thereof in connection with, but only in connection with, a 
sale thereof to a purchaser which is not an affiliate (as defined by 
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) of such holder, be converted 
into an equal number of fully paid and non-assessable shares of 
Common Stock.
    Any such conversion shall be exercised by the surrender by the 
holder to the Corporation at its principal office of the certificate 
or certificates representing the shares being converted accompanied 
by a written notice of conversion stating therein the name or names 
in which it wishes the certificate or certificates for Common Stock 
to be issued; provided, however, upon the conversion of the Class B 
Common Stock, a certification shall be given that such conversion is 
in connection with the sale of such shares to a person other than an 
affiliate of such holder.  In case such notices shall specify a name 
or names other than that of the holder, such notice shall be 
accompanied by payment of any and all transfer taxes payable upon 
the issue of the Common Stock in such name or names.  As soon as <PAGE>
practicable after such surrender of such certificate or 
certificates, the Corporation shall issue and deliver at such office 
to such holder a certificate or certificates for the number of 
shares of Common Stock to which such holder shall be entitled as 
aforesaid.  The Corporation shall at all times reserve and keep 
available out of its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock, 
solely for issuance upon the conversion of shares of the Class B 
Common Stock as herein provided, such number of shares of Common 
Stock as shall from time to time be issuable upon all of the shares 
of Class B Common Stock at the time outstanding.  Upon the 
conversion of any shares of Class B Common Stock into shares of 
Common Stock hereunder the shares of Class B Common Stock so 
converted shall thereupon become authorized but unissued shares of 
such Class B Common Stock.
    B.  Conversion of Shares Outstanding on Effective Date of this 
Article FOURTH.
    Upon the effective date of this Article FOURTH, and without 
further action on the part of the Board of Directors or holders of 
any outstanding shares of the capital stock of the Corporation, (1) 
each share of the currently outstanding Common Stock, par value 
$1.00 per share, Class A Participating Preferred Stock, par value 
$1.00 per share, Class D Participating Preferred Stock, par value 
$1.00 per share, and Class E Participating Preferred Stock, par 
value $1.00 per share, shall be converted into one hundred eight 
(108) fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock, par <PAGE>
value $.001 per share, and (2) each share of the currently 
outstanding Class B Participating Preferred Stock, par value $1.00 
per share, and Class C Participating Preferred Stock, par value 
$1.00 per share, shall be converted into one hundred eight (108) 
fully paid and non-assessable shares of Class B Common Stock, par 
value $.001 per share.
    FIFTH:  Duration of Existence.  The Corporation is to have 
perpetual existence.
    SIXTH:  Board of Directors.
         A.  Number of Directors.  The business and affairs of the 
Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board 
of Directors.  The number of directors of the Corporation that shall 
constitute the Board of Directors shall be not less than three (3) 
nor more than thirteen (13) unless otherwise determined from time to 
time by resolution adopted by the affirmative vote of at least 80% 
of the Board of Directors.
         B.  Power to Amend By-Laws.  In furtherance and not in 
limitation of the powers conferred by statute, the Board of 
Directors is expressly authorized to adopt, alter, amend or repeal 
the By-laws of the Corporation.  The books of the Corporation 
(subject to the provisions of the laws of the State of Delaware) may 
be kept outside of the State of Delaware at such places as may be 
from time to time designated by the Board of Directors.  Elections 
of directors need not be by ballot unless the By-laws so provide.
<PAGE>
    SEVENTH:  A.  Definitions and Related Matters as to Certain 
Business Combinations and Obligation of Corporation to Offer to 
Purchase Stock.
    1.1  Affiliate.  An "Affiliate" of, or a Person "affiliated 
with", a specified Person, means a Person that directly or 
indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is 
controlled by, or is under common control with, the Person specified.
    1.2  Associate.  The term "Associate" used to indicate a 
relationship with any Person means:
         (a)  Any corporation or organization (other than the 
    Corporation or a Subsidiary of the Corporation) of which 
    such Person is an officer or general partner or is, 
    directly or indirectly, the beneficial owner of ten percent 
    or more of any class of equity securities;
         (b)  Any trust or other estate in which such Person 
    has a ten percent or greater beneficial interest or as to 
    which such person serves as trustee or in a similar 
    fiduciary capacity;
         (c)  Any relative or spouse of such Person, or any 
    relative of such spouse, who has the same home as such 
    Person; or
         (d)  Any investment company registered under the 
    Investment Company Act of 1940 for which such Person or any 
    Affiliate or Associate of such Person serves as investment 
    adviser.
<PAGE>
    1.3  Beneficial Owner.  A Person shall be considered the 
"Beneficial Owner" of any shares of stock (whether or not owned of 
record):
         (a)  With respect to which such Person or any 
    Affiliate or Associate of such Person directly or 
    indirectly has or shares (i) voting power, including the 
    power to vote or to direct the voting of such shares of 
    stock, and/or (ii) investment power, including the power to 
    dispose of or to direct the disposition of such shares of 
    stock;
         (b)  Which such Person or any Affiliate or Associate 
    of such Person has (i) the right to acquire (whether such 
    right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage 
    of time) pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or 
    understanding or upon the exercise of conversion rights, 
    exchange rights, warrants or options, or otherwise, and/or 
    (ii) the right to vote pursuant to any agreement, 
    arrangement or understanding (whether such right is 
    exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time); 
    or
         (c)  Which are Beneficially Owned within the meaning 
    of (a) or (b) of this Section 1.3 by any other Person with 
    which such first mentioned Person or any of its Affiliates 
    or Associates has any agreement, arrangement or <PAGE>
    understanding, written or oral, with respect to acquiring, 
    holding, voting or disposing of any shares of stock of the 
    Corporation or any Subsidiary of the Corporation or 
    acquiring, holding or disposing of all or substantially 
    all, or any Substantial Part, of the assets or businesses 
    of the Corporation or a Subsidiary of the Corporation.
    For the purpose only of determining whether a Person is the 
Beneficial Owner of a percentage specified in this Article SEVENTH 
of the outstanding Voting Shares, such shares shall be deemed to 
include any Voting Shares which may be issuable pursuant to any 
agreement, arrangement or understanding or upon the exercise of the 
conversion rights, exchange rights, warrants, options or otherwise 
and which are deemed to be beneficially owned by only such Person 
pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 1.3.
    1.4  Business Combination.  A "Business Combination" means:
         (a)  The sale, exchange, lease, transfer or other 
    disposition to or with a Related Person or any Affiliate or 
    Associate of such Related Person by the Corporation or any 
    of its Subsidiaries (in a single transaction or a series of 
    related transactions) of all or substantially all, or any 
    Substantial Part, of its or their assets (including, 
    without limitation, any securities issued by a Subsidiary) 
    other than in the ordinary course of business;
         (b)  The purchase, exchange, lease or other 
    acquisition by the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries <PAGE>
    (in a single transaction or a series of related 
    transactions) of all or substantially all, or any 
    Substantial Part, of the assets or business of a Related 
    Person or any Affiliate or Associate of such Related Person 
    other than in the ordinary course of business;
         (c)  Any merger or consolidation of the Corporation or 
    any Subsidiary thereof into or with a Related Person or any 
    Affiliate or Associate of such Related Person, irrespective 
    of which Person is the surviving entity in such merger or 
    consolidation;
         (d)  Any reclassification of securities, 
    recapitalization or other transaction effected by the 
    Corporation (other than a redemption in accordance with the 
    terms of the security redeemed) which has the effect, 
    directly or indirectly, of increasing the proportionate 
    amount of Voting Shares of the Corporation or any 
    Subsidiary thereof which are Beneficially Owned by a 
    Related Person, or any partial or complete liquidation, 
    spinoff, split-off or split up of the Corporation or any 
    Subsidiary thereof in which a Related Person or any 
    Affiliate or Associate of a Related Person receives a 
    Substantial Part of the assets or business of the 
    Corporation and its Subsidiaries; provided, however, that 
    this Section 1.4(d) shall not apply to a redemption of less 
    than 1% of the Voting Shares in any calendar year; or
<PAGE>
         (e)  The acquisition upon the original issuance 
    thereof of Beneficial Ownership by a Related Person of 
    Voting Shares or securities convertible into Voting Shares 
    or any voting securities or securities convertible into 
    voting securities of any Subsidiary of the Corporation, or 
    the acquisition upon the original issuance thereof of 
    Beneficial Ownership by a Related Person of any rights, 
    warrants or options to acquire any of the foregoing or any 
    combination of the foregoing Voting Shares or voting 
    securities of a Subsidiary of the Corporation.
    As used in this definition, a "series of related transactions" 
shall be deemed to include not only a series of transactions with 
the same Related Person but also a series of separate transactions 
with a Related Person or any Affiliate or Associate of such Related 
Person.
    Anything in this definition to the contrary notwithstanding, 
this definition shall not be deemed to include any transaction of 
the type set forth in Sections 1.4(a) through 1.4(c) above between 
or among any two or more Subsidiaries of the Corporation or the 
Corporation and one or more Subsidiaries of the Corporation.
    1.5  Date of Determination.  The term "Date of Determination" 
means:
         (a)  the date on which a binding agreement (except for 
    the fulfillment of conditions precedent, including, without 
    limitation, votes of stockholders to approve such 
    transaction) is entered into by the Corporation, as <PAGE>
    authorized by its Board of Directors, and another Person 
    providing for any Business Combination; or
         (b)  If such an agreement as referred to in Section 
    1.5(a) above is amended so as to make it less favorable to 
    the Corporation and its stockholders, the date on which 
    such amendment is approved by the Board of Directors of the 
    Corporation; or
         (c)  In cases where neither Section 1.5(a) or (b) 
    above shall be applicable, the record date for the 
    determination of stockholders of the Corporation entitled 
    to notice of and to vote upon the transaction in question.
    A majority of the Board of Directors acting in good faith shall 
have the power and duty to determine the Date of Determination as to 
any transaction under this Article SEVENTH.  Any such determination 
shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes of this Article.
    1.6  Person.  The term "Person" shall mean any individual, 
partnership, corporation, group or other entity (other than the 
Corporation, any Subsidiary of the Corporation for itself or as a 
trustee holding stock for the benefit of employees of the 
Corporation or its Subsidiaries, or any one of them, pursuant to one 
or more employee benefit plans or arrangements).  When two or more 
Persons act as a partnership, limited partnership, syndicate, 
association or other group for the purpose of acquiring, holding or 
disposing of shares of stock, such partnership, syndicate, 
association or group shall be deemed a "Person".
<PAGE>
    1.7  Related Person.  "Related Person" means any Person which is 
the Beneficial Owner, as of the Date of Determination or immediately 
prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, or both, of 
forty percent (40%) or more of the Voting Shares, or any Person who 
is an Affiliate of the Corporation and at any time within eighteen 
months preceding the Date of Determination was the Beneficial Owner 
of forty percent (40%) or more of the then outstanding Voting Shares.
    1.8  Substantial Part.  The term "Substantial Part" as used with 
reference to the assets of the Corporation or any Subsidiary or of 
any Related Person means assets having a value of more than ten 
percent of the total consolidated assets of the Corporation and its 
Subsidiaries as of the end of the Corporation's most recent fiscal 
year ending prior to the time the determination is being made.
    1.9  Subsidiary.  "Subsidiary" shall mean any corporation or 
entity of which the Person in question owns not less than 50% of any 
class of equity securities, directly or indirectly.
    1.10  Voting Shares.  "Voting Shares" shall mean shares of the 
Corporation's capital stock entitled to vote generally in the 
election of directors and the Class B Common Stock and any other 
shares which by their terms may be converted into shares of the 
Corporation's capital stock entitled to vote generally in the 
election of directors.
    1.11  Certain Determinations With Respect to Article SEVENTH.  
(a)  A majority of the Board of Directors acting in good faith shall <PAGE>
have the conclusive power and authority to determine, for the 
purposes of this Article SEVENTH, on the basis of information known 
to them: (i) the number of Voting Shares of which any Person is the 
Beneficial Owner, (ii) whether a Person is an Affiliate or Associate 
of another, (iii) whether a Person has an agreement, arrangement or 
understanding with another as to the matters referred to in the 
definition of "Beneficial Owner" as hereinabove defined, (iv) 
whether the assets subject to any Business Combination constitute a 
"Substantial Part" as hereinabove defined, (v) whether two or more 
transactions constitute a "series of related transactions" as 
hereinabove defined, (vi) any matters referred to in subsection 
1.11(b) below, and (vii) such other matters with respect to which a 
determination is required under this Article SEVENTH.  Any such 
determination shall be final and binding for all purposes hereunder.
         (b)  A Related Person shall be deemed to have acquired a 
Voting Share of the Corporation at the time when such Related Person 
became the Beneficial Owner thereof.
    B.  Approval of Certain Business Combinations.
    Whether or not a vote of the stockholders is otherwise required 
in connection with the transaction, neither the Corporation nor any 
of its Subsidiaries shall become a party to any Business Combination 
without prior compliance with the provisions of Section 1.1 and 1.2 
herein below, in addition to any additional vote as may be required 
by applicable law.
<PAGE>
    1.1  Prior Approval by the Board of Directors.  Such Business 
Combination was approved by the Board of Directors of the 
Corporation by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board of 
Directors of the Corporation.
    1.2  Approval by Stockholders Who Are Not Related Persons.  A 
proxy statement complying with the requirements of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 shall have been mailed to all holders of Voting 
Shares for the purpose of soliciting stockholder approval of such 
Business Combination and such Business Combination shall be 
approved, at the stockholders meeting called for such purpose, by 
the affirmative vote of a majority of the Voting Shares held by 
stockholders other than the Related Person and Affiliates and 
Associates of such Related Person, voting as a single class.
    C.  Obligation of Corporation to Offer To Purchase Shares From 
Minority Stockholders.
    Within sixty (60) days after any Person (the "Control Person") 
becomes the Beneficial Owner of seventy-five percent (75%) or more 
of the Voting Shares ("75% Ownership"), the Corporation shall offer 
to purchase for cash all of the following securities which are not 
beneficially owned by the Control Person or Affiliates or Associates 
of the Control Person (collectively the "Minority Shares") at the 
highest per share price (including brokerage commissions, transfer 
taxes and soliciting dealers' fees) which the Control Person or any <PAGE>
of such Control Person's Affiliates or Associates paid in acqui
any Voting Shares during the preceding eighteen (18) month period 
(the "Highest Per Share Price"):  (x) all of the outstanding shares 
of capital stock of the Corporation, (y) all capital stock of the 
Corporation issuable upon the conversion of outstanding securities 
convertible into capital stock of the Corporation ("Convertible 
securities"), provided the holder thereof shall convert such 
Securities into capital stock of the Corporation in accordance with 
the terms of such Convertible Securities simultaneously with the 
holder's acceptance of the Corporation's offer to purchase the 
capital stock issuable upon the conversion of such Securities, and 
(z) all capital stock of the Corporation issuable upon the exercise 
of outstanding options, warrants or other rights to acquire capital 
stock of the Corporation (collectively "Rights"), provided the 
holder thereof exercises such Rights and pays any required exercise 
price or other required consideration relating to exercise of such 
Rights simultaneously with the holder's acceptance of the 
Corporation's offer to purchase the capital stock issuable upon the 
exercise of such Rights.  For purposes of determining the Highest 
Per Share price, if the consideration paid in any acquisition of 
Voting Shares consisted, in whole or in part, of consideration other 
than cash, the board of directors of the Corporation shall take such 
action, as in its judgment it deems appropriate, to establish the 
cash value of such consideration, but such valuation shall not be <PAGE>
less than the cash value, if any, ascribed to such consideration 
the Control Person.  In making such determination the board of 
directors may engage such persons, including investment banking 
firms and the independent accountants who have reported on the most 
recent financial statement of the Corporation, and utilize employees 
and agents of the Corporation who will, in the judgment of the board 
of directors, be of assistance to the board of directors.  Equitable 
adjustment shall be made in the Highest Per Share Price to give 
effect to stock dividends, stock splits and similar transactions.  
The Corporation shall give written notice to each holder of Minority 
Shares (the "Notice") within 20 days after the Corporation first has 
knowledge that 75% Ownership has been obtained.
    1.1  Option of Holders of Minority Shares to Sell.  Each of the 
holders of Minority Shares (a "Minority Stockholder") shall have an 
irrevocable option (an "Option") to sell to the Corporation all or 
any portion of the Minority Shares held by such Minority Stockholder 
at the time of the exercise of such Option (including Minority 
Shares issuable upon the conversion of Convertible Securities or 
exercise of Rights simultaneously with the exercise of the Option), 
upon the following terms and conditions:
         (a)  The Option shall be exercisable at any time 
    during the 60 day period following the Notice, or if no 
    Notice is given, during the 60 day period following the 
    date such Minority Stockholder has actual knowledge that 
    75% Ownership has been obtained (the "Option Period");
<PAGE>
         (b)  The Option may be exercised at any time during 
    the Option Period by a Minority Stockholder delivering or 
    mailing written notice to the President or Secretary of the 
    Corporation (the "Sale Notice") of his election specifying 
    the number of Minority Shares such Minority Stockholder 
    will sell to the Corporation;
         (c)  The consideration to be paid for each Minority 
    Share upon the exercise of the Option shall be the Highest 
    Per Share Price;
         (d)  Subject to the provisions of paragraphs (e) and 
    (f) hereof, the closing of the purchase and sale of all of 
    the Minority Shares as to which Options are exercised shall 
    take place at the Corporation's principal office one 
    hundred twenty (120) days after the date of the Notice, or 
    if no Notice is given, as to each Minority Stockholder, 60 
    days after the date of such Minority Stockholder's Sale 
    Notice (or the next business day if any such day is a 
    Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday).  At the closing, the 
    Minority Stockholder shall deliver such instruments and 
    documents as shall be necessary or appropriate to transfer 
    the Minority Shares being sold.  At the Closing the 
    Corporation shall purchase the Minority Shares of the 
    Minority Stockholders exercising their Option and shall 
    deliver or cause to be delivered the purchase price to each 
    selling Minority Stockholder by a check of the Corporation;
<PAGE>
         (e)  The closing date for the purchase and sale of the 
    Minority Shares subject to the Option shall be subject to 
    deferral if additional time is necessary for the 
    Corporation to fulfill the requirements of any applicable 
    Federal or state securities laws, but the Corporation shall 
    have the right to defer such purchase on such basis only so 
    long as the Corporation shall be diligently and 
    continuously pursuing all steps and shall be taking all 
    action necessary to fulfill such requirements.
         (f)  Notwithstanding paragraphs (a) through (e), if 
    the purchase by the Corporation of all or a portion of the 
    Minority Shares would result in a default or violation 
    under any agreement or instrument evidencing Existing Debt 
    (as hereinafter defined) or under which Existing Debt shall 
    have been incurred or would violate Section 160 of the 
    Delaware General Corporation Law (the "Act") the obligation 
    of the Corporation to purchase that portion of the Minority 
    Shares as would cause such default or violation shall be 
    deferred (with interest accruing on the unpaid amount at an 
    annual rate equal to the fluctuating prime rate of interest 
    announced from time to time by Fleet National Bank, 
    Providence, Rhode Island) until such time as the purchase 
    thereof shall not result in such a default or violation.  
    The term "Existing Debt" means indebtedness for borrowed 
    money incurred under or pursuant to an agreement or <PAGE>
  
    instrument in effect as of the date on which this Article 
    SEVENTH first becomes effective.  The Corporation shall 
    give the Minority Stockholders written notice within sixty 
    (60) days after its receipt of the Sale Notice of the 
    Corporation's right to defer the purchase of the Minority 
    Shares; and from time to time thereafter as soon as the 
    Corporation shall be permitted to purchase any or all of 
    such Minority Shares as to which an Option is exercised 
    without causing a default under any of the agreements or 
    instruments evidencing its Existing Debt or under which 
    Existing Debt shall have been incurred and without 
    violating Section 160 of the Act, the Corporation shall 
    forthwith give notice to the Minority Stockholder, setting 
    a time, place and date (which is not more than 15 days 
    after the date of such notice) for the closing of the 
    purchase of the Minority Shares as to which the Sale Option 
    was exercised.  In the event less than all of the Minority 
    Shares as to which Options have been exercised are to be 
    purchased, all purchases shall be made pro rata from each 
    Minority Stockholder exercising an Option based upon the 
    number of Minority Shares as to which such Option was 
    exercised.
    D.  Amendments to this Article SEVENTH.
    Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Restated 
Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws of the Corporation (and 
notwithstanding the fact that some lesser percentage may be 
specified by law, this Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the 
Bylaws of the Corporation), and in addition to such additional vote <PAGE>
required by applicable law, this Article SEVENTH shall not be 
amended, altered, changed or repealed without the affirmative vote 
as to all stock held by the holders of 80% or more of the 
outstanding Voting Shares, voting as a single class.
    EIGHTH:  Indemnification.  The Corporation shall indemnify its 
officers, directors, employees and agents to the fullest extent 
permitted by the General Corporation Law of Delaware and the 
Corporation's By-laws.
    NINTH:  Meetings.  Meetings of stockholders may be held within 
or without the State of Delaware, as the By-laws may provide.  The 
books of the Corporation may be kept (subject to any provisions 
contained in the statutes) outside the State of Delaware at such 
place or places as may be designated from time to time by the Board 
of Directors or in the By-laws of the corporation.
    Special meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation may be 
called only by the Board of Directors, the President of the 
Corporation, the holders of a majority of the outstanding Common 
Stock, or by the holders of a majority of the outstanding Common 
Stock and Class B Common Stock.
    TENTH.  Reservation of Right to Amend Certificate.  The 
Corporation reserves the right at any time and from time to time to 
amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this 
Restated Certificate of Incorporation, and other provisions <PAGE>
authorized by the laws of the State of Delaware at the time in force 
may be added or inserted in this Restated Certificate of 
Incorporation, in the manner (i) now or hereafter prescribed by law, 
and (ii) as has otherwise been provided in this Restated Certificate 
of Incorporation; and all rights, preferences and privileges of 
whatsoever nature conferred upon stockholders, directors or any 
other persons whomsoever by and pursuant to this Restated 
Certificate of Incorporation; and all rights, preferences and 
privileges of whatsoever nature conferred upon stockholders, 
directors or any other persons whomsoever by and pursuant to this 
Restated Certificate of Incorporation in their present form or as 
hereafter amended are granted subject to the right reserved in this 
Article TENTH.
    Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Restated 
Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws of the Corporation (and 
notwithstanding the fact that some lesser percentage may be 
specified by law, this Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the 
Bylaws of the Corporation), this Article TENTH shall not be amended, 
altered, changed or repealed without the affirmative vote as to all 
stock held by the holders of 80% or more of the outstanding shares 
of the Corporation's capital stock entitled to vote generally in the 
election of directors, voting separately as a class.
    ELEVENTH.  Limitation on Director's Liability.  No director of 
the Corporation shall be liable to the Corporation or its 
stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a 
director, except for liability, (i) for any breach of the director's <PAGE>
duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, (ii) f
acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional 
misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of 
the Delaware General Corporation Law, and (iv) for any transaction 
from which the director derived an improper personal benefit.
    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said Wellman, Inc. has caused this 
certificate to be signed by Thomas M. Duff, President and attested 
by David K. Duffell its Secretary this 1st day of June, 1987.
                                  Wellman, Inc.


                                  By/s/ Thomas M. Duff            
                                       Thomas M. Duff


ATTEST BY:


/s/ David K. Duffell          
    David K. Duffell
    Secretary


<PAGE>
                                                 Exhibit 3(a)(2)

                       CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT
                                  OF
                RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
                                  OF
                            WELLMAN, INC.
                             * * * * * *
    Wellman, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under and by 
virtue of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, DOES 
HEREBY CERTIFY:
    FIRST:  That at a meeting of the Board of Directors of Wellman, 
Inc. resolutions were duly adopted setting forth a proposed 
amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of said 
corporation, declaring said amendment to be advisable and calling a 
meeting of the stockholders of said corporation for consideration 
thereof; and that the Board of Directors of Wellman, Inc., by the 
unanimous written consent of its members, filed with the minutes of 
the board, duly adopted resolutions amending the resolutions 
relating to the amendment of the corporation's Restated Certificate 
of Incorporation.  The amended resolution setting forth the proposed 
amendment is as follows:
    VOTED:    That Article FOURTH of the Corporation's Restated 
              Certificate of Incorporation be amended to read 
              in its entirety as set forth in Exhibit A 
              attached hereto and incorporated herein; that 
              such amendment is hereby declared advisable; and 
              that such amendment be considered at the 1989 
              Annual Meeting of Stockholders.

<PAGE>
    SECOND:  That thereafter, pursuant to a resolution of its Board 
of Directors, the 1989 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Wellman, 
Inc. was duly called and held, upon notice in accordance with 
Section 222 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware 
at which Annual Meeting the necessary number of shares as required 
by statute were voted in favor of the amendment.
    THIRD:  That said amendment was duly adopted in accordance with 
the provisions of Section 242 of the General Corporation Law of the 
State of Delaware.
    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said Wellman, Inc. has caused this 
certificate to be signed by Clifford J. Christenson, its Vice 
President, and attested by Laura N. Wilkinson, its Assistant 
Secretary, this 18th day of May, 1989.
                                  WELLMAN, INC.


                                  By/s/ Clifford J. Christenson   
                                       Clifford J. Christenson
                                       Vice President


ATTEST:


By/s/ Laura N. Wilkinson        
    Laura N. Wilkinson
    Assistant Secretary


<PAGE>
                              EXHIBIT A

        Amendment to Restated Certificate of Incorporation

    FOURTH.  Capital Stock.  The total number of shares of stock 
which the Corporation is authorized to issue is 45,500,000 as 
follows:  40,000,000 shares of Common Stock with a par value of 
$.001 per share and 5,500,000 shares of Class B Common Stock with a 
par value of $.001 per share.

    A.  Common Stock

    The powers, designations, preferences, and relative, 
participating, optional and other rights of the Common Stock and the 
Class B Common Stock shall be identical in all respects except as 
follows:

    1.  Voting Rights

    (a)  Election of Directors.  Holders of Class B Common Stock, as 
such, shall have no voting rights with respect to the election of 
Directors, and shares of Class B Common Stock shall not be included 
in determining the number of shares entitled to be voted on such 
matter.

    (b)  Other Voting Rights.  Holders of the Class B Common Stock, 
as such, shall have no right to vote on any other matters to be 
voted on by the stockholders of the Corporation, and the shares of 
Class B Common Stock shall not be included in determining the number 
of shares entitled to be voted on such matters; provided, however, 
that (i) the holders of Class B Common Stock shall have the right to 
vote as a separate class on the matters specified in Section 
242(b)(2) of the Delaware General Corporation Law, and (ii) the 
shares of Class B Common Stock shall be included in determining the 
number of shares entitled to be voted on, and the holders thereof, 
as such, voting together with the holders of the Common Stock, and 
not as a separate class, shall be entitled to one vote per share on 
all matters on which the holders of Voting Shares (as defined in 
Article SEVENTH) are entitled to vote pursuant to Article SEVENTH 
hereof, and on all matters required to be submitted to a vote of the 
stockholders under the General Corporation Law of the State of 
Delaware except for the election of directors.

    2.  Conversion Rights.

    Shares of Class B Common Stock may, at the election of the 
holder thereof in connection with, but only in connection with, a 
sale thereof to a purchaser which is not an affiliate (as defined by 
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) of such holder, be converted 
into an equal number of fully paid and non-assessable shares of 
Common Stock.

<PAGE>
    Any such conversion shall be exercised by the surrender by the 
holder to the Corporation at its principal office of the certificate 
or certificates representing the shares being converted accompanied 
by a written notice of conversion stating therein the name or names 
in which it wishes the certificate or certificates for Common Stock 
to be issued; provided, however, that upon the conversion of the 
Class B Common Stock, a certification shall be given that such 
conversion is in connection with the sale of such shares to a person 
other than an affiliate of such holder.  In case such notice shall 
specify a name or names other than that of the holder, such notice 
shall be accompanied by payment of any and all transfer taxes 
payable upon the issue of the Common Stock in such name or names.  
As soon as practicable after such surrender of such certificate or 
certificates, the Corporation shall issue and deliver at such office 
to such holder a certificate or certificates for the number of 
shares of Common Stock to which such holder shall be entitled as 
aforesaid.  The Corporation shall at all times reserve and keep 
available out of its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock, 
solely for issuance upon the conversion of shares of the Class B 
Common Stock as herein provided, such number of shares of Common 
Stock as shall from time to time be issuable upon all of the shares 
of Class B Common Stock at the time outstanding.  Upon the 
conversion of any shares of Class B Common Stock into shares of 
Common Stock hereunder the shares of Class B Common Stock so 
converted shall thereupon become authorized but unissued shares of 
such Class B Common Stock.

    B.  Conversion of Shares Outstanding on Effective Date of this 
Article FOURTH.

    Upon the effective date of this Article FOURTH, and without 
further action on the part of the Board of Directors or holders of 
any outstanding shares of the capital stock of the Corporation, (1) 
each share of the currently outstanding Common Stock, par value 
$1.00 per share, Class A Participating Preferred Stock, par value 
$1.00 per share, Class D  Participating Preferred Stock, par value 
$1.00 per share and Class E Participating Preferred Stock, par value 
$1.00 per share, shall be converted into one hundred eight (108) 
fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock, par value 
$.001 per share, and (2) each share of the currently outstanding 
Class B Participating Preferred Stock, par value $1.00 per share, 
shall be converted into one hundred eight (108) fully paid and 
non-assessable shares of Class B Common Stock, par value $.001 per 
share.

<PAGE>
                                                 Exhibit 3(a)(3)

                       CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT

                                  TO

                RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

                                  OF

                            WELLMAN, INC.

                             * * * * * *


    Wellman, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under and by 
virtue of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, DOES 
HEREBY CERTIFY:
    FIRST:  That at a meeting of the Board of Directors of Wellman, 
Inc. resolutions were duly adopted setting forth a proposed 
amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of said 
corporation, declaring said amendment to be advisable and calling a 
meeting of the stockholders of said corporation for consideration 
thereof; and that the Board of Directors of Wellman, Inc., by the 
unanimous written consent of its members, filed with the minutes of 
the board, duly adopted resolutions amending the resolutions 
relating to the amendment of the corporation's Restated Certificate 
of Incorporation.  The amended resolution setting forth the proposed 
amendment is as follows:
    VOTED:    That the first paragraph of Article FOURTH of the 
              Corporation's Restated Certificate of 
              Incorporation be amended to read in its entirety 
              as set forth in Exhibit A attached hereto and 
              incorporated herein; that such amendment is 
              hereby declared advisable; and that such 
              amendment be considered at the 1990 Annual 
              Meeting of Stockholders.

<PAGE>
    SECOND:  That thereafter, pursuant to a resolution of its Board 
of Directors, the 1990 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Wellman, 
Inc. was duly called and held, upon notice in accordance with 
Section 222 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, 
at which Annual Meeting the necessary number of shares as required 
by statute were voted in favor of the amendment.
    THIRD:  That said amendment was duly adopted in accordance with 
the provisions of Section 242 of the General Corporation Law of the 
State of Delaware.
    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said Wellman, Inc. has caused this 
certificate to be signed by J. Russell MacDonald, its Vice 
President, and attested by Laura N. Wilkinson, its Assistant 
Secretary, this 30th day of May, 1990.
                                  WELLMAN, INC.


                                  By /s/ J. Russell MacDonald     
                                       J. Russell MacDonald
                                       Vice President


ATTEST:


By /s/ Laura N. Wilkinson       
    Laura N. Wilkinson
    Assistant Secretary


<PAGE>
                              EXHIBIT A

        Amendment to Restated Certificate of Incorporation


    FOURTH.  Capital Stock.  The total number of shares of stock 
which the corporation is authorized to issue is 55,500,000 as 
follows:  50,000,000 shares of Common Stock with a par value of 
$.001 per share and 5,500,000 shares of Class B Common Stock with a 
par value of $.001 per share.

<PAGE>
                                                Exhibit 3(a)(4)

                       CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT

                                  TO

                RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

                                  OF

                            WELLMAN, INC.

                             * * * * * *

    Wellman, Inc., a coporation organized and existing under and by 
virtue of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, DOES 
HEREBY CERTIFY:
    FIRST:  That at a meeting of the Board of Directors of Wellman, 
Inc. resolutions were duly adopted setting forth a proposed 
amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of said 
corporation, declaring said amendment to be advisable and calling a 
meeting of the stockholders of said corporation for consideration 
thereof; and that the Board of Directors of Wellman, Inc., by the 
unanimous written consent of its members, filed with the minutes of 
the board, duly adopted resolutions amending the resolutions 
relating to the amendment of the corporation's Restated Certificate 
of Incorporation.  The amended resolution setting forth the proposed 
amendment is as follows:
    VOTED:    That the first paragraph of Article FOURTH of the 
              corporation's Restated Certificate of 
              Incorporation be amended to read in its entirety 
              as set forth in Exhibit A attached hereto and 
              incorporated herein; that such amendment is 
              hereby declared advisable; and that such 
              amendment be considered at the 1993 Annual 
              Meeting of Stockholders.

<PAGE>
    SECOND:  That thereafter, pursuant to a resolution of its Board 
of Directors, the 1993 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Wellman, 
Inc. was duly called and held, upon notice in accordance with 
Section 222 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, 
at which Annual Meeting the necessary numer of shares as required by 
statute were voted in favor of the amendment.
    THIRD:  That said amendment was duly adopted in accordance with 
the provisions of Section 242 of the General Corporation Law of the 
State of Delaware.
    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said Wellman, Inc. has caused this 
certificate to be signed by Mark J. Rosenblum, its Vice President, 
and attested by Laura N. Wilkinson, its Assistant Secretary, this 
16th day of February, 1994.

                                  WELLMAN, INC.



                                  /s/ Mark J. Rosenblum  
                                  Mark J. Rosenblum
                                  Vice President

ATTEST:


By/s/ Laura N. Wilkinson   
  Laura N. Wilkinson
  Assistant Secretary

<PAGE>
                              EXHIBIT A

          Amendment to Restated Certificate of Incorporation


    FOURTH.  Capital Stock.  The total number of shares of stock 
which the Corporation is authorized to issue is 60,500,000 as 
follows:  55,000,000 shares of Common Stock with a par value of 
$.001 per share and 5,500,000 shares of Class B Common Stock with a 
par value of $.001 per share.

<PAGE>
                                                  Exhibit 3(b)

                            WELLMAN, INC.

                           RESTATED BY-LAWS


                              ARTICLE I.

                             OFFICES

    SECTION 1.01.  Registered Office.  The registered office of the 
Corporation in the State of Delaware shall be at Corporation Trust 
Center, 1209 Orange Street in the City of Wilmington, County of New 
Castle.  The name of the resident agent in charge thereof shall be 
The Corporation Trust Company, Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange 
Street, Wilmington, Delaware.

    SECTION 1.02.  Other Offices.  The Corporation may also have an 
office in Clark, New Jersey, and at such other place or places either 
within or without the State of Delaware as the Board of Directors may 
from time to time determine or the business of the Corporation 
require.

                              ARTICLE 2.

                     MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS

    SECTION 2.01.  Place of Meetings.  All meetings of the 
stockholders of the Corporation shall be held at such place either 
within or without the State of Delaware as shall be fixed by the 
Board of Directors and specified in the respective notices or waivers 
of notice of said meetings.

    SECTION 2.02.  Annual Meetings.  (a) The annual meeting of the 
stockholders for the election of directors and for the transaction of 
such other business as may come before the meeting shall be held at 
the principal office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware, or 
such place as shall be fixed by the Board of Directors, at ten 
o'clock in the forenoon, local time, on the third Tuesday in May in 
each year, if not a legal holiday at the place where such meeting is 
to be held, and if a legal holiday, then on the next succeeding 
business day not a legal holiday at the same hour.  (b) In respect of 
the annual meeting for any particular year the Board of Directors 
may, by resolution fix a different day, time or place (either within 
or without the State of Delaware) for the annual meeting.  (c) If the 
election of directors shall not be held on the day designated herein 
or the day fixed by the Board, as the case may be, for any annual 
meeting, or on the day of any adjourned session thereof, the Board of 
Directors shall cause the election to be held at a special meeting as <PAGE>
soon thereafter as conveniently may be.  At such special meet
stockholders may elect the directors and transact other business with 
the same force and effect as at an annual meeting duly called and 
held.

    SECTION 2.03  Special Meetings.  A special meeting of the 
stockholders for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by 
the President or by order of the Board of Directors and must be 
called by the Secretary upon the request in writing of any 
stockholder holding of record at least fifteen percent of the 
outstanding shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at 
such meeting.

    SECTION 2.04.  Notice of Meetings.  (a) Except as otherwise 
required by statute, notice of each annual or special meeting of the 
stockholders shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to 
vote at such meeting not less than ten days nor more than fifty days 
before the day on which the meeting is to be held by delivering 
written notice thereof to him personally or by mailing such notice, 
postage prepaid, addressed to him at his post-office address last 
shown in the records of the Corporation or by transmitting notice 
thereof to him at such address by telegraph, cable or any other 
available method.  Every such notice shall state the time and place 
of the meeting and, in case of a special meeting, shall state briefly 
the purposes thereof.  (b) Notice of any meeting of stockholders 
shall not be required to be given to any stockholder who shall attend 
such meeting in person or by proxy or who shall in person or by 
attorney thereunto authorized, waive such notice in writing or by 
telegraph, cable or any other available method either before or after 
such meeting.  Notice of any adjourned meeting of the stockholders 
shall not be required to be given except when expressly required by 
law.

    SECTION 2.05.  Quorum.  (a) At each meeting of the stockholders, 
except where otherwise provided by statute, the Certificate of 
Incorporation or these By-Laws, the holders of record of a majority 
of the issued and outstanding shares of a stock of the Corporation 
entitled to vote at such meeting, present in person or represented by 
proxy, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business.  
(b) In the absence of a quorum a majority in interest of the 
stockholders of the Corporation entitled to vote, present in person 
or represented by proxy or, in the absence of all such stockholders, 
any officer entitled to preside at, or act as secretary of, such 
meeting, shall have the power to adjourn the meeting from time to 
time, until stockholders holding the requisite amount of stock shall 
be present or represented.  At any such adjourned meeting at which a 
quorum shall be present any business may be transacted which might 
have been transacted at the meeting as originally called.

<PAGE>
    SECTION 2.06.  Organization.  At each meeting of the stockholders 
the President, any Vice President, or any other officer designated by 
the Board of Directors, shall act as chairman, and the Secretary or 
an Assistant Secretary of the Corporation, or in the absence of the 
Secretary and all Assistant Secretaries, a person whom the chairman 
of such meeting shall appoint shall act as secretary of the meeting 
and keep the minutes thereof.

    SECTION 2.07.  Voting.  (a) Except as otherwise provided by law 
or by the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, at every 
meeting of the stockholders each stockholder shall be entitled to one 
vote, in person or by proxy, for each share of capital stock of the 
Corporation registered in his name on the books of the Corporation:

         (i)  on the date fixed pursuant to Section 9.03 of 
    these By-Laws as the record date for the determination of 
    stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting; or

         (ii)  if no such record date shall have been fixed, 
    then the record date shall be at the close of business on 
    the day next preceding the day on which notice of such 
    meeting is given.

    (b)  Persons holding stock in a fiduciary capacity shall be 
entitled to vote the shares so held.  In the case of stock held 
jointly by two or more executors, administrators, guardians, 
conservators, trustees or other fiduciaries, such fiduciaries may 
designate in writing one or more of their number to represent such 
stock and vote the shares so held, unless there is a provision to 
the contrary in the instrument, if any, defining their powers and 
duties.  (c) Persons whose stock is pledged shall be entitled to 
vote thereon until such stock is transferred on the books of the 
Corporation to the pledgee, and thereafter only the pledgee shall be 
entitled to vote.  (d) Any stockholder entitled to vote may do so in 
person or by his proxy appointed by an instrument in writing 
subscribed by such stockholder or by his attorney thereunto 
authorized, or by a telegram, cable or any other available method 
delivered to the secretary of the meeting; provided, however, that 
no proxy shall be voted after three years from its date, unless said 
proxy provides for a longer period.  (e) At all meetings of the 
stockholders, all matters (except where other provision is made by 
law or by the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws) shall 
be decided by the vote of a majority in interest of the stockholders 
entitled to vote thereon, present in person or by proxy, at such 
meeting, a quorum being present.

<PAGE>
    SECTION 2.08.  Inspectors.  The chairman of the meeting may at 
any time appoint two or more inspectors to serve at a meeting of the 
stockholders.  Such inspectors shall decide upon the qualifications 
of voters, accept and count the votes for and against the questions 
presented, report the results of such votes, and subscribe and 
deliver to the secretary of the meeting a certificate stating the 
number of shares of stock issued and outstanding and entitled to 
vote thereon and the number of shares voted for and against the 
questions presented.  The inspectors need not be stockholders of the 
Corporation, and any director or officer of the Corporation may be 
an inspector on any question other than a vote for or against his 
election to any position with the Corporation or on any other 
question in which he may be directly interested. Before acting as 
herein provided each inspector shall subscribe an oath faithfully to 
execute the duties of an inspector with strict impartiality and 
according to the best of his ability.

    SECTION 2.09.  List of Stockholders.  (a) It shall be the duty 
of the Secretary or other officer of the Corporation who shall have 
charge of its stock ledger to prepare and make, or cause to be 
prepared and made, at least ten days before every meeting of the 
stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote 
thereat, arranged in alphabetical order and showing the address of 
each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of 
stockholder.  Such list shall be open during ordinary business hours 
to the examination of any stockholder for any purpose germane to the 
meeting for a period of at least ten days prior to the election, 
either at a place within the city where the meeting is to be held, 
which place shall be specified in the notice of the meeting or, if 
not so specified, at the place where the meeting is to be held.  (b) 
Such list shall be produced and kept at the time and place of the 
meeting during the whole time thereof and may be inspected by any 
stockholder who is present.  (c) Upon the willful neglect or refusal 
of the directors to produce such list at any meeting for the 
election of directors they shall be ineligible for election to any 
office at such meeting.  (d) The stock ledger shall be conclusive 
evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to examine the 
stock ledger and the list of stockholders required by this Section 
2.09 on the books of the Corporation or to vote in person or by 
proxy at any meeting of stockholders.

    SECTION 2.10.  Introduction of Business at a Meeting of 
Stockholders.  (a) At an annual or special meeting of stockholders, 
only such business shall be conducted, and only such proposals shall 
be acted upon, as shall have been properly brought before an annual 
or special meeting of stockholders.  To be properly brought before 
an annual or special meeting of stockholders, business must be (i) 
in the case of a special meeting, specified in the notice of the <PAGE>
special meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by the officer o
the Corporation calling such meeting or by or at the direction of 
the Board, or (ii) in the case of an annual meeting, properly 
brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board, or 
otherwise properly brought before the annual meeting by a 
stockholder.  For business to be properly brought before an annual 
meeting of stockholders by a stockholder, the stockholder must have 
given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the 
Corporation.  To be timely, a stockholder's notice must be delivered 
to the Secretary of the Corporation, or mailed to and received at 
the principal executive offices of the Corporation by the Secretary, 
not less than 30 days prior to the date of the annual meeting; 
provided, however, that if less than 40 days' notice or prior public 
disclosure of the date of the annual meeting is given or made to 
stockholders, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so 
delivered or received not later than the close of business on the 
7th day following the earlier of (i) the day on which such notice of 
the meeting was mailed, or (ii) the day on which such public 
disclosure was made.

    (b)  A stockholder's notice to the Secretary shall set forth as 
to each matter the stockholder proposes to bring before an annual 
meeting of stockholders (i) a brief description of the business 
desired to be brought before the annual meeting and the reasons for 
conducting such business at the annual meeting, (ii) the name and 
address, as they appear on the Corporation's books, of the 
stockholder proposing such business and any other stockholders known 
by such stockholder to be supporting such proposal, (iii) the class 
and number of shares of the Corporation which are beneficially owned 
by such stockholder on the date of such stockholder's notice and by 
any other stockholders known by such stockholder to be supporting 
such proposal on the date of such stockholder's notice, and (iv) any 
material interest of the stockholder in such proposal.

    (c)  Notwithstanding anything in the By-laws to the contrary, no 
business shall be conducted at a meeting of stockholders except in 
accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.10.  The 
chairman of the meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and 
declare to the meeting that the business was not properly brought 
before the meeting in accordance with the procedures prescribed by 
the By-laws, and if he should so determine, he shall so declare to 
the meeting and any such business not properly brought before the 
meeting shall not be transacted.

    SECTION 2.11.  Notwithstanding Section 2.07(e) of these By-laws, 
at all meetings of the stockholders, any matter properly brought 
before the meeting by a stockholder in accordance with Section 2.10 <PAGE>
of these By-laws shall be decided by the vote of a majority of 
total quorum.  For purposes of the foregoing, an abstention from 
voting on such a matter or a broker non-vote shall have the same 
legal effect as a vote "against" the matter.

                              ARTICLE 3.

                        BOARD OF DIRECTORS

    SECTION 3.01.  General Powers.  The business, property and 
affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by the Board of 
Directors.

    SECTION 3.02.  Number, Qualifications and Term of Office.  (a) 
The number of directors of the Corporation which shall constitute 
the whole Board of Directors shall be such number, not less than one 
(1) nor more than nine (9) as from time to time shall be fixed by 
the Board of Directors.  (b) A director need not be a stockholder.  
Each director shall hold office until the annual meeting of the 
stockholders next following his election and until his successor 
shall have been elected and shall qualify, or until his death, or 
until he shall resign, or until he shall have been removed in the 
manner hereinafter provided.

    SECTION 3.03.  Election of Directors.  At each meeting of the 
stockholders for the election of directors at which a quorum is 
present, the persons, not exceeding the authorized number of 
directors, receiving the greatest number of votes of the 
stockholders entitled to vote thereon, present in person or by 
proxy, shall be the directors.  In the case of any increases in the 
number of directors, the additional director or directors may be 
elected either at the meeting of the Board of Directors or of the 
stockholders which each increase is voted, or at any subsequent 
annual, regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors or 
stockholders.

    SECTION 3.04.  Quorum and Manner of Acting.  (a) Except as 
otherwise provided by statute or by the Certificate of 
Incorporation, a majority of the directors at the time in office 
shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any 
meeting and the affirmative action of a majority of the directors 
present at any meeting at which a quorum is present shall be 
required for the taking of any action by the Board of Directors.  
(b) In the event one or more of the directors shall be disqualified 
to vote at such meeting, then the required quorum shall be reduced 
by one for each such director so disqualified; provided, however, 
that in no event shall the quorum as adjusted be less than one third 
of the total number of directors.  (c) In the absence of a quorum at 
any meeting of the Board such meeting need not be held; or a <PAGE>
majority of the directors present thereat or, if no director be 
present, the Secretary may adjourn such meeting from time to time 
until a quorum shall be present.  Notice of any adjourned meeting 
need not be given.

    SECTION 3.05.  Offices, Place of Meeting and Records.  The Board 
of Directors may hold meetings, have an office or offices and keep 
the books and records of the Corporation at such place or places 
within or without the State of Delaware as the Board may from time 
to time determine.  The place of meeting shall be specified or fixed 
in the respective notices or waivers of notice thereof, except where 
otherwise provided by statute, by the Certificate of Incorporation 
or these By-Laws.

    SECTION 3.06.  Annual Meeting.  The Board of Directors shall 
meet for the purpose of organization, the election of officers and 
the transaction of other business, as soon as practicable following 
each annual election of directors.  Such meeting shall be called and 
held at the place and time specified in the notice or waiver of 
notice thereof as in the case of a special meeting of the Board of 
Directors.

    SECTION 3.07.  Regular Meetings.  Regular meetings of the Board 
of Directors shall be held at such places and at such times as the 
Board shall from time to time by resolution determine.  If any day 
fixed for a regular meeting shall be a legal holiday at the place 
where the meeting is to be held, then the meeting which would 
otherwise be held on that day shall be held at said place at the 
same hour on the next succeeding business day.  Notice of regular 
meetings need not be given.

    SECTION 3.08.  Special Meetings; Notice.  Special meetings of 
the Board of Directors shall be held whenever called by the 
President or by any two (2) of the directors.  Notice of each such 
meeting shall be mailed to each director, addressed to him at his 
residence or usual place of business, at least two days before the 
day on which the meeting is to be held, or shall be sent to him at 
his residence or at such place of business by telegraph, cable or 
other available means, or shall be delivered personally or by 
telephone, not later than one day before the day on which the 
meeting is to be held.  Each such notice shall state the time and 
place of the meeting but need not state the purposes thereof except 
as otherwise herein expressly provided.  Notice of any such meeting 
need not be given to any director, however if waived by him in 
writing or by telegraph, cable or otherwise, whether before or after 
such meeting shall be held, or if he shall be present at such 
meeting.

    SECTION 3.09.  Organization.  At each meeting of the Board of 
Directors the President or, in his absence, a director chosen by a <PAGE>
majority of the directors present, shall act as chairman.  The 
Secretary or, in his absence an Assistant Secretary or, in the 
absence of the Secretary and all Assistant Secretaries, a person 
whom the chairman of such meeting shall appoint shall, act as 
secretary of such meeting and keep the minutes thereof.

    SECTION 3.10.  Order of Business.  At all meetings of the  Board 
of Directors business shall be transacted in the order determined by 
the Board.

    SECTION 3.11.  Removal of Directors.  Except as otherwise 
provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or in these By-Laws, 
any director may be removed, either with or without cause, at any 
time, by the affirmative vote of the holders of record of a majority 
of the issued and outstanding stock entitled to vote for the 
election of directors of the Corporation given at a special meeting 
of the stockholders called and held for the purpose; and the vacancy 
in the Board caused by any such removal may be filled by such 
stockholders at such meetings in the manner hereinafter provided or, 
if the stockholders at such meeting shall fail to fill such vacancy, 
as in these By-Laws provided.

    SECTION 3.12.  Resignation.  Any director of the Corporation may 
resign at any time by giving written notice of his resignation to 
the Board of Directors, the President, any Vice President or the 
Secretary of the Corporation.  Such resignation shall take effect at 
the date of receipt of such notice or at any later time specified 
therein; and, unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of 
such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.

    SECTION 3.13.  Vacancies.  Any vacancy in the Board of Directors 
caused by death, resignation, removal, disqualification, an increase 
in the number of directors, or any other cause may be filled by 
majority action of the remaining directors then in office, though 
less than a quorum, or by the stockholders of the Corporation at the 
next annual meeting or any special meeting called for the purpose, 
and each director so elected shall hold office until the next annual 
election of directors and until his successor shall be duly elected 
and qualified or until his death or until he shall resign or shall 
have been removed in the manner herein provided.

    SECTION 3.14.  Compensation.  Each director, in consideration of 
his serving as such, shall be entitled to receive from the 
Corporation such amount per annum or such fees for attendance at 
directors' meetings, or both, as the Board of Directors shall from 
time to time determine, together with reimbursement for the 
reasonable expenses incurred by him in connection with the 
performance of his duties; provided that nothing herein contained 
shall be construed to preclude any director from serving the 
Corporation or its subsidiaries in any other capacity and receiving 
proper compensation therefor.

<PAGE>
                              ARTICLE 4.

                            COMMITTEES

    SECTION 4.01.  Executive Committee.  The Board of Directors may, 
by resolution or resolutions passed by a majority of the whole 
Board, appoint an Executive Committee to consist of not less than 
two (2) nor more than five (5) members of the Board of Directors, 
including the President, and shall designate one of the members as 
its chairman.  Notwithstanding any limitation on the size of the 
Executive Committee, the Committee may invite members of the Board 
to attend one at a time at its meetings.  For the purpose of the 
meeting he so attends, the invited director shall be entitled to 
vote on matters considered at such meeting and shall receive the 
Executive Committee fee for such attendance.  At anytime one 
additional director may be invited to an Executive Committee meeting 
in addition to the rotational invitee and in such case such 
additional invitee shall also be entitled to vote on matters 
considered at such meeting and shall receive the Executive Committee 
fee for such attendance.

    Each member of the Executive Committee shall hold office, so 
long as he shall remain a director, until the first meeting of the 
Board of Directors held after the next annual meeting of the Board 
of Directors held after the next annual election of directors and 
until his successor is duly appointed and qualified.  The chairman 
of the Executive Committee or, in his absence, a member of the 
Committee chosen by a majority of the members present shall preside 
at meetings of the Executive Committee and the Secretary or an 
Assistant Secretary of the Corporation, or such other person as the 
Executive Committee shall from time to time determine, shall act as 
secretary of the Executive Committee.

    The Board of Directors, by action of the majority of the whole 
Board, shall fill vacancies in the Executive Committee.

    SECTION 4.02.  Powers.  During the intervals between the 
meetings of the Board of Directors, the Executive Committee shall 
have and may exercise all of the powers of the Board of Directors in 
all cases in which specific directions shall not have been given by 
the Board of Directors.

    SECTION 4.03.  Procedure; Meetings; Quorum.  The Executive 
Committee shall fix its own rules of procedure subject to the 
approval of the Board of Directors, and shall meet at such times and 
at such place or places as may be provided by such rules.  At every 
meeting of the Executive Committee the presence of a majority of all 
the members shall be necessary to constitute a quorum and the 
affirmative vote of a majority of the members present shall be 
necessary for the adoption by it of any resolution.  In the absence <PAGE>
of a quorum at any meeting of the Executive Committee such meet
need not be held, or a majority of the members present thereat or, 
if no members be present, the secretary of the meeting may adjourn 
such meeting from time to time until a quorum be present.

    SECTION 4.04.  Compensation.  Each member of the Executive 
Committee shall be entitled to receive from the Corporation such 
fee, if any, as shall be fixed by the Board of Directors, together 
with reimbursement for the reasonable expenses incurred by him in 
connection with the performance of his duties.

    SECTION 4.05.  Other Board Committees.  The Board of Directors 
may from time to time, by resolution passed by a majority of the 
whole Board, designate one or more committees in addition to the 
Executive Committee, each committee to consist of two or more of the 
directors of the Corporation.  Any such committee, to the extent 
provided in the resolution or in the By-Laws of the Corporation, 
shall have and may exercise the powers of the Board of Directors in 
the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation.

    A majority of all the members of any such committee may 
determine its action and fix the time and place of its meetings, 
unless the Board of Directors shall otherwise provide.  The Board of 
Directors shall have power to change the members of any committee at 
any time, to fill vacancies and to discharge any such committee, 
either with or without cause, at any time.

    SECTION 4.06.  Alternates.  The President may designate one or 
more directors as alternate members of any committee who may act in 
the place and stead of members who temporarily cannot attend any 
such meeting.

    SECTION 4.07.  Additional Committees.  The Board of Directors 
may from time to time create such additional committees of 
directors, officers, employees or other persons designated by it (or 
any combination of such persons) for the purpose of advising the 
Board, the Executive Committee and the officers and employees of the 
Corporation in all such matters as the Board shall deem advisable 
and with such functions and duties as the Board shall by resolutions 
prescribe.

    A majority of all the members of any such committee may 
determine its action and fix the time and place of its meetings, 
unless the Board of Directors shall otherwise provide.  The Board of 
Directors shall have the power to change the members of any 
committee at any time, to fill vacancies and to discharge any such 
committee, either with or without cause, at any time.

<PAGE>
                              ARTICLE 5.

                        ACTION BY CONSENT

    SECTION 5.01.  Consent by Directors.  Any action required or 
permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of 
any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting if prior to 
such action a written consent thereto is signed by all members of 
the Board or of such committee, as the case may be, and such written 
consent is filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the Board or 
such committee.

    SECTION 5.02.  Consent by Stockholders.  Any action required or 
permitted to be taken at any meeting of the stock holders may be 
taken without a meeting upon the written consent of the holders of 
shares of stock entitled to vote who hold the number of shares which 
in the aggregate are at least equal to the percentage of the total 
vote required by statute or the Certificate of Incorporation or 
these By-Laws for the proposed corporate action.

                              ARTICLE 6.

                             OFFICERS

    SECTION 6.01.  Number.  The principal officers of the 
Corporation shall be a President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief 
Financial Officer, one or more Vice Presidents (the number thereof 
and variations in title to be determined by the Board of Directors), 
a Treasurer and a Secretary.  In addition, there may be such other 
or subordinate officers, agents and employees as may be appointed in 
accordance with the provisions of Section 6.03.  Any two or more 
officers, except those of President and Secretary, may be held by 
the same person.

    SECTION 6.02.  Election, Qualifications and Term of Office.  
Each officer of the Corporation, except such officers as may be 
appointed in accordance with the provisions of Section 6.03, shall 
be elected annually by the Board of Directors and shall hold office 
until his successor shall have been duly elected and qualified, or 
until his death, or until he shall have resigned or shall have been 
removed in the manner herein provided.  The Chairman of the Board 
and the President shall be and remain directors.

    SECTION 6.03.  Other Officers.  The Corporation may have such 
other officers, agents, and employees as the Board of Directors may 
deem necessary, including a Controller, one or more Assistant 
Controllers, one or more Assistant Treasurers and one or more 
Assistant Secretaries, each of whom shall hold office for such 
period, have such authority, and perform such duties as the Board of 
Directors or the President may from time to time determine.  The <PAGE>
Board of Directors may delegate to any principal officer the power
to appoint or remove any such subordinate officers, agents, or 
employees.

    SECTION 6.04.  Removal.  Any officer may be removed, either with 
or without cause, by the vote of a majority of the whole Board of 
Directors or, except in case of any officer elected by the Board of 
Directors, by any committee of officers upon whom the power of 
removal may be conferred by the Board of Directors.

    SECTION 6.05.  Resignation.  Any officer may resign at any time 
by giving written notice to the Board of Directors or the 
President.  Any such resignation shall take effect at the date of 
receipt of such notice or at any later time specified therein; and, 
unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such 
resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.

    SECTION 6.06.  Vacancies.  A vacancy in any office because of 
death, resignation, removal, disqualification or any other cause 
shall be filled for the unexpired portion of the term in the manner 
prescribed in these By-Laws for regular election or appointment to 
such office.

    SECTION 6.07.  Chief Executive Officer.  The Chief Executive 
Officer shall preside at all meetings of the Board of Directors.  
Subject to definition by the Board of Directors, he shall have 
general executive powers and such specific powers and duties as from 
time to time may be conferred upon or assigned to him by the Board 
of Directors.

    SECTION 6.08.  President.  Subject to the powers of the Chief 
Executive Officer, the President shall have general executive powers 
and shall perform such duties as from time to time may be conferred 
upon or assigned to him by the Board of Directors or the Chief 
Executive Officer.  In the absence of the Chief Executive Officer, 
the President shall preside at meetings of the Board of Directors.

    SECTION 6.09.  Vice President.  Each Vice President shall have 
such powers and perform such duties as the Board of Directors or the 
Executive Committee may from time to time prescribe or as shall be 
assigned to him by the President.

    SECTION 6.10.  Chief Financial Officer.  The Chief Financial 
Officer shall have charge and custody of, and be responsible for, 
all funds and securities of the Corporation, and shall deposit all 
such funds to the credit of the Corporation in such banks, trust 
companies or other depositories as shall be selected in accordance 
with the provisions of these By-Laws; he shall disburse the funds of 
the Corporation as may be ordered by the Board of Directors or the 
Executive Committee, making proper vouchers for such disbursements, 
and shall render to the Board of Directors or the stockholders, <PAGE>
whenever the Board may require him so to do, a statement of all his
transactions as Chief Financial Officer or the financial condition 
of the Corporation; and, in general, he shall perform all the duties 
as from time to time may be assigned to him by the Board of 
Directors, any committee of the Board designated by it so to act or 
the President.

    SECTION 6.11.  Secretary.  The Secretary shall record or cause 
to be recorded in books provided for the purpose the minutes of the 
meetings of the stockholders, the Board of Directors, and all 
committees of which a secretary shall not have been appointed; shall 
see that all notices are duly given in accordance with the 
provisions of these By-Laws and as required by law; shall be 
custodian of all corporate records (other than financial) and of the 
seal of the Corporation and see that the seal is affixed to all 
documents the execution of which on behalf of the Corporation under 
its seal is duly authorized in accordance with the provisions of 
these By-Laws; shall keep, or cause to be kept, the list of 
stockholders as required by Section 2.09, which include the 
post-office addresses of the stockholders and the number of shares 
held by them, respectively, and shall make or cause to be made, all 
proper changes therein, shall see that the books, reports, 
statements, certificates and all other documents and records 
required by law are properly kept and filed; and, in general, shall 
perform all duties incident to the office of Secretary and such 
other duties as may from time to time be assigned to him by the 
Board of Directors, the Executive Committee or the President.

    SECTION 6.12.  Treasurer.  The Treasurer shall have such powers 
and perform such duties as the Board of Directors or the Executive 
Committee may from time to time prescribe or shall be assigned to 
him by the President or Chief Financial Officer.

    SECTION 6. 13.  Salaries.  The salaries of the principal 
officers of the Corporation shall be fixed from time to time by the 
Board of Directors or a special committee thereof, and none of such 
officers shall be prevented from receiving a salary by reason of the 
fact that he is a director of the Corporation.

                              ARTICLE 7.

            INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS

    (a)  Right to Indemnification.  Each person who was or is made a 
party, or is threatened to be made a party to, or is involved in any 
action, suit or proceeding, whether criminal, administrative or 
investigative by reason of the fact that he or she, or a person of 
whom he or she is the legal representative, is or was a director or 
officer of the Corporation or is or was serving at the request of <PAGE>
the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of anot
corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other 
enterprise, including service with respect to employee benefit 
plans, whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an 
official capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent or in 
any other capacity while serving as a director, officer, employee or 
agent, shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Corporation to 
the fullest extent authorized by the Delaware General Corporation 
Law, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended (but, in the 
case of any such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment 
permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights 
than said law permitted the Corporation to provide prior to such 
amendment) against all expenses, liability and loss (including 
attorneys fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes or penalties 
and amounts paid or to be paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or 
suffered by such person in connection therewith; provided, however, 
that the Corporation shall indemnify any such person seeking 
indemnity in connection with any action, suit or proceeding (or part 
thereof) initiated by such person only if such action, suit or 
proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board of 
Directors of the Corporation.  Such right shall be a contract right 
and shall include the right to be paid by the Corporation expenses 
incurred in defending any such proceeding in advance of its final 
disposition; provided, however, that, the payment of such expenses 
incurred by a director or officer in his or her capacity as a 
director or officer (and not in any other capacity in which service 
was or is rendered by such person while a director or officer. 
including, without limitation, service to an employee benefit plan) 
in advance of the final disposition of such proceeding, shall be 
made only upon delivery to the Corporation of an undertaking, by or 
on behalf of such director or officer, to repay all amounts so 
advanced if it should be determined ultimately that such director or 
officer is not entitled to be indemnified under this Section or 
otherwise.

    (b)  Right of Claimant to Bring Suit.  If a claim under 
paragraph (a) is not paid in full by the Corporation within ninety 
days after a written claim has been received by the Corporation, the 
claimant may at any time thereafter bring suit against the 
Corporation to recover the unpaid amount of the claim and, if 
successful in whole or in part, the claimant shall be entitled to be 
paid also the expense of prosecuting such claim.  It shall be a 
defense to any such action (other than an action brought to enforce 
a claim for expenses incurred in defending any proceeding in advance 
of its final disposition where the required undertaking has been 
tendered to the Corporation) that the claimant has not met the 
standards of conduct which make it permissible under the Delaware 
General Corporation Law for the Corporation to indemnify the 
claimant for the amount claimed, but the burden of proving such 
defense shall be on the Corporation.  Neither the failure of the 
Corporation (including its Board of Directors, independent legal 
counsel, or its stockholders) to have made a determination prior to <PAGE>
the commencement of such action that indemnification of the cla
is proper in the circumstances because he or she has met the 
applicable standards of conduct set forth in the Delaware General 
Corporation Law, nor an actual determination by the Corporation 
(including its Board of Directors, independent legal counsel or its 
stockholders) that the claimant had not met such applicable 
standards of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a 
presumption that claimant had not met the applicable standards of 
conduct.

    (c)  Non-Exclusivity of Rights.  The rights conferred on any 
person by paragraphs (a) and (b) shall not be exclusive of any other 
right which such person may have or hereafter acquire under any 
statute, provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, by-law, 
agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or 
otherwise.

    (d)  Insurance.  The Corporation may maintain insurance, at its 
expense, to protect itself and any such director, officer, employee 
or agent of the Corporation or another corporation, partnership, 
joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any such expense, 
liability or loss, whether or not the Corporation would have the 
power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or 
loss under the Delaware General Corporation Law.

                              ARTICLE 8.

          CONTRACTS, CHECKS, DRAFTS, BANK ACCOUNTS, ETC.

    SECTION 8.01.  Execution of Contracts.  Unless the Board of 
Directors or the Executive Committee shall otherwise determine, the 
President, any Vice President or the Treasurer, and the Secretary or 
any Assistant Secretary, may enter into any contract or execute any 
contract or other instrument, the execution of which is not 
otherwise specifically provided for, in the name and on behalf of 
the Corporation.  The Board of Directors, or any committee 
designated thereby with power so to act, except as otherwise 
provided in these By-Laws, may authorize any other or additional 
officer or officers or agent or agents of the Corporation, and such 
authority may be general or confined to specific instances.  Unless 
authorized so to do by these By-Laws or by the Board of Directors or 
by any such committee, no officer, agent or employee shall have any 
power or authority to bind the Corporation by any contract or 
engagement or to pledge its credit or to render it liable 
pecuniarily for any purpose or to any amount.

    SECTION 8.02.  Loans.  No loan shall be contracted on behalf of 
the Corporation, and no evidence of indebtedness shall be issued, <PAGE>
endorsed or accepted in its name, unless authorized by the Board 
Directors or Executive Committee or other committee designated by 
the Board to act.  Such authority may be general or confined to 
specific instances.  When so authorized, the officer or officers 
thereunto authorized may effect loans and advances at any time for 
the Corporation from any bank, trust company or other institution, 
or from any firm, corporation or individual, and for such loans and 
advances may make, execute and deliver promissory notes or other 
evidences of indebtedness of the Corporation, and, when authorized 
as aforesaid, as security for the payment of any and all loans, 
advances, indebtedness and liabilities of the Corporation, may 
mortgage, pledge, hypothecate or transfer any real or personal 
property at any time owned or held by the Corporation, and to that 
end execute instruments of mortgage or pledge or otherwise transfer 
such property.

    SECTION 8.03.  Checks, Drafts, etc.  All checks, drafts, bills 
of exchange or other orders for the payment of money, obligations, 
notes, or other evidence of indebtedness, bills of lading, warehouse 
receipts and insurance certificates of the Corporation, shall be 
signed or endorsed by such officer or officers, agent or agents, 
attorney or attorneys, employee or employees, of the Corporation as 
shall from time to time be determined by resolution of the Board of 
Directors or Executive Committee or other committee designated by 
the Board so to act.

    SECTION 8.04.  Deposits.  All funds of the Corporation not 
otherwise employed shall be deposited from time to time to the 
credit of the Corporation in such banks, trust companies or other 
depositaries as the Board of Directors or Executive Committee or 
other committee designated by the Board so to act may from time to 
time designate, or as may be designated by any officer or officers 
or agent or agents of the Corporation to whom such power may be 
delegated by the Board of Directors or Executive Committee or other 
committee designated by the Board so to act and, for the purpose of 
such deposit and for the purposes of collection for the account of 
the Corporation may be endorsed, assigned and delivered by any 
officer, agent or employee of the Corporation or in such other 
manner as may from time to time be designated or determined by 
resolution of the Board of Directors or Executive Committee or other 
committee designated by the Board so to act.

    SECTION 8.05.  Proxies in Respect of Securities of Other 
Corporations.  Unless otherwise provided by resolution adopted by 
the Board of Directors or the Executive Committee or other committee 
so designated to act by the Board, the President or any Vice 
President may from time to time appoint an attorney or attorneys or 
agent or agents of the Corporation, in the name and on behalf of the 
Corporation, to cast the votes which the Corporation may be entitled 
to cast as the holder of stock or other securities in any other <PAGE>
corporation, association or trust any of whose stock or other 
securities may be held by the Corporation, at meetings of the 
holders of the stock or other securities of such other corporation, 
association or trust, or to consent in writing, in the name of the 
Corporation as such holder, to any action by such other corporation, 
association or trust, and may instruct the person or persons so 
appointed as to the manner of casting such votes or giving such 
consent, and may execute or cause to be executed in the name and on 
behalf of the Corporation and under its corporate seal, or 
otherwise, all such written proxies or other instruments as he may 
deem necessary or proper in the premises.

                              ARTICLE 9.

                        BOOKS AND RECORDS

    SECTION 9.01.  Place.  The books and records of the Corporation 
may be kept at such places within or without the State of Delaware 
as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine.  The 
stock record books and the blank stock certificate books shall be 
kept by the Secretary or by any other officer or agent designated by 
the Board of Directors.

    SECTION 9.02.  Addresses of Stockholders.  Each stockholder 
shall furnish to the Secretary of the Corporation or to the transfer 
agent of the Corporation an address at which notices of meetings and 
all other corporate notices may be served upon or mailed to him, and 
if any stockholder shall fail to designate such address, corporate 
notices may be served upon him by mail, postage prepaid, to him at 
his post-office address last known to the Secretary or to the 
transfer agent of the Corporation or by transmitting a notice 
thereof to him at such address by telegraph, cable or other 
available method.

    SECTION 9.03.  Record Dates.  The Board of Directors may fix in 
advance a date, not exceeding fifty days preceding the date of any 
meeting of stockholders, or the date for the payment of any 
dividend, or the date for the allotment of any rights, or the date 
when any change or conversion or exchange of capital stock of the 
Corporation shall go into effect, or a date in connection with 
obtaining such consent, as a record date for the determination of 
the stockholders entitled to notice of, and to vote at, any such 
meeting or any adjournment thereof, or entitled to receive payment 
of any such dividend or to any such allotment of rights, or to 
exercise the rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange 
of capital stock of the Corporation, or to give such consent, and in 
each such case such stockholders and only such stockholders as shall 
be stockholders of record on the date so fixed shall be entitled to 
notice of, or to vote at, such meeting and any adjournment thereof, 
or to receive payment of such dividend, or to receive such allotment 
of rights, or to exercise such rights or to give such consent, as <PAGE>
the case may be, notwithstanding any transfer of any stock on the
books of the Corporation after any such record date fixed as 
aforesaid.

    SECTION 9.04.  Audit of Books and Accounts.  The books and 
accounts of the Corporation shall be audited at least once in each 
fiscal year by certified public accountants of good standing 
selected by the Board of Directors.

                             ARTICLE 10.

                    SHARES AND THEIR TRANSFER

    SECTION 10.01.  Certificates of Stock.  Every owner of stock of 
the Corporation shall be entitled to have a certificate certifying 
the number of shares owned by him in the Corporation and designating 
the class of stock to which such shares belong, which shall 
otherwise be in such form as the Board of Directors shall 
prescribe.  Every such certificate shall be signed by the President 
or a Vice President, and the Treasurer or any Assistant Treasurer or 
the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary of the Corporation; 
provided, however, that where such certificate is signed or 
countersigned by a transfer agent or registrar the signatures of 
such officers of the Corporation and the seal of the Corporation may 
be in facsimile form.  In case any officer or officers who shall 
have signed, or whose facsimile signature or signatures shall have 
been used on, any such certificate or certificates shall cease to be 
such officer or officers of the Corporation, whether because of 
death, resignation or otherwise, before such certificate or 
certificates shall have been delivered by the Corporation, such 
certificate or certificates may nevertheless be issued and delivered 
by the Corporation as though the person or persons who signed such 
certificate or whose facsimile signature or signatures shall have 
been used thereof had not ceased to be such officer or officers of 
the Corporation.

    SECTION 10.02.  Record.  A record shall be kept of the name of 
the person, firm or corporation owning the stock represented by each 
certificate for stock of the Corporation issued, the number of 
shares represented by each such certificate, and the date thereof, 
and, in case of cancellation, the date of cancellation.  The person 
in whose name shares of stock stand on the books of the Corporation 
shall be deemed the owner thereof for all purposes as regards the 
Corporation.

    SECTION 10.03.  Transfer of Stock.  Transfers of shares of the 
stock of the Corporation shall be made only on the books of the 
Corporation by the registered holder thereof, or by his attorney 
thereunto authorized, and on the surrender of the certificate or 
certificates for such shares properly endorsed.

<PAGE>
    SECTION 10.04.  Transfer Agent and Registrar; Regulations.  The 
Corporation shall, if and whenever the Board of Directors or 
Executive Committee shall so determine, maintain one or more 
transfer offices or agencies, each in charge of a transfer agent 
designated by the Board of Directors, where the shares of the 
capital stock of the Corporation shall be directly transferable, and 
also if and whenever the Board of Directors shall so determine, 
maintain one or more by the Board of Directors, where such shares of 
stock shall be registered.  The Board of Directors may make such 
rules and regulations as it may deem expedient, not inconsistent 
with these By-Laws, concerning the issue, transfer and registration 
of certificates for shares of the capital stock of the Corporation.

    SECTION 10.05.  Lost, Destroyed or Mutilated Certificates.  In 
case of the alleged loss or destruction or the mutilation of a 
certificate representing capital stock of the Corporation, a new 
certificate may be issued in place thereof, in the manner and upon 
such terms as the Board of Directors may prescribe.

                             ARTICLE 11.

                               SEAL

    The Board of Directors shall provide a corporate seal, which 
shall be in the form of a circle and shall bear the name of the 
Corporation and the words and figures "Incorporated 1985, Delaware.

                             ARTICLE 12.

                           FISCAL YEAR

    The fiscal year of the Corporation shall commence on the first 
day of January, except as otherwise provided from time to time by 
the Board of Directors.

                             ARTICLE 13.

                         WAIVER OF NOTICE

    Whenever any notice whatever is required to be given by statute, 
these By-Laws or the Certificate of Incorporation, a waiver thereof 
in writing, signed by the person or persons entitled to said notice, 
whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed 
equivalent thereto.


<PAGE>
                             ARTICLE 14.

                            AMENDMENTS

    These By-Laws may be altered, amended or repealed, in whole or 
in part, and new By-Laws may be adopted, in whole or in part, by the 
affirmative vote of a majority of the whole Board of Directors given 
at any meeting.  No amendment may be made unless the By-Laws, as 
amended, is consistent with the requirements of law and of the 
Certificate of Incorporation.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>10K EX4
<TEXT>

                                                   Exhibit 4(y)


                     COMMERCIAL PURPOSE LOAN NOTE


$15,000,000.00                         August 11, 1993


FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned (each jointly and severally if 
more than one person and hereinafter referred to as "Debtor") 
promises to pay to the order of CHEMICAL BANK NEW JERSEY, NATIONAL 
ASSOCIATION (hereinafter "Bank"), at any of its banking offices the 
Principal sum of the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all 
advances made hereunder up to Fifteen Million ($15,000,000.00) 
Dollars to be paid as follows:

    Principal payable not more than 90 days after the date of 
    each advance made hereunder.  Interest from the date hereof 
    shall accrue on the unpaid Principal balance hereof at a 
    fixed rate of interest as quoted and shall be payable upon 
    maturity.  This line of credit shall have a final maturity 
    date of June 30, 1994, at which time all then outstanding 
    principal, interest and any other sums which may be due and 
    owing shall be payable in full.

This is a Master Note.  Under and subject to the terms and 
provisions of this Note, Bank will consider Debtor's credit requests 
from time to time, up to the maximum amount of the Note.  Credit 
availability, is, in addition, subject to the Bank's receipt and 
continuing satisfaction with current financial and other 
information, which current information will be furnished to the Bank 
from time to time as it may reasonably request or require.  Bank 
shall make appropriate entries in its accounting records of charges 
payable hereunder and all payments made by Debtor on account of such 
advances and such charges; such records shall be conclusive absent 
manifest error.

DISBURSEMENT OF PROCEEDS - Each Debtor hereby represents and 
warrants to Bank that the principal of this Note will be used solely 
for business, commercial or agricultural purposes and agrees that 
any disbursement of the Principal of this Note, or any portion 
thereof, to any one or more Debtors, shall be conclusively deemed to 
constitute disbursement of such Principal to and for the benefit of 
all Debtors.

PREPAYMENTS - Upon at least three (3) business days' prior written 
notice to Bank, Debtor may prepay the Loan in whole or in part at 
any time, in multiples of $100,000, accompanied by the interest <PAGE>
accrued on the amount prepaid through the date of the prepayment, 
however, Debtor shall also directly reimburse Bank at the time of 
any such prepayment for any loss incurred or to be incurred by Bank 
in the redeployment of the funds associated with the Loan.  
Prepayments may be subject to a rate indemnification fee which may 
be calculated as follows:  The difference between the Loan rate and 
the current yield on a U.S. Treasury obligation with a maturity 
approximately equal to the remaining fixed rate period, times the 
total amount of principal prepaid on the Loan, times the remaining 
Interest Period (360 day basis), discounted to present value.

DEFINITIONS - All amounts due under this Note, including any 
renewals, extensions and/or modifications thereof, together with all 
other existing and future liabilities and obligations of the Debtor 
or any one of them, whether absolute or contingent, of any nature 
whatsoever and out of whatever transactions arising are hereinafter 
collectively referred to as the "Liabilities".  "Obligor", as used 
herein, shall mean Debtor, and all endorsers, sureties, and 
guarantors.

EVENTS OF DEFAULT - Each of the following shall be an "Event of 
Default" hereunder:  (1) the nonpayment when due of any amount 
payable under this Note, or of any amount when due under or on any 
of the liabilities (if such payment default exceeds $2,500,000.00) 
or if there is a payment default under the Credit Agreement dated 
December 17, 1990, as amended, between Debtor and Fleet Bank, as 
Agent, and other participating financial institutions; (2) the 
failure of any Obligor to observe or perform any agreement of any 
nature whatsoever with Bank; (3) if any Obligor becomes insolvent or 
makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or if any petition 
is filed by or against any Obligor under any provision of any state 
or federal law or statute alleging that such Obligor is insolvent or 
unable to pay debts as they mature or under any provision of the 
United States Bankruptcy Code; (4) the entry of any judgment in 
excess of $2,500,000 against any Obligor which remains unsatisfied 
for fifteen (15) days; (5) the issuing of any attachment, levy or 
garnishment against any property of any Obligor not discharged or 
bonded within 30 days; (6) the occurrence of any substantial change 
in the financial condition of any Obligor which, in the sole, 
reasonable judgment of Bank, is materially adverse; (7) the 
dissolution, merger, consolidation or reorganization of any Obligor 
which is a corporation or partnership when the Obligor is not the 
surviving party; (8) the death, incarceration or adjudication of 
legal incompetence of any Obligor who is a natural person; (9) if 
any information or signature furnished to Bank by any Obligor at any 
time in connection with any of the Liabilities to the Bank, or in 
connection with any guaranty or surety agreement applicable to any 
of the liabilities to the Bank, is false or incorrect; or (10) the <PAGE>
failure of any Obligor to timely furnish to Bank such financial 
other information as Bank may reasonably request or require.

BANK'S RIGHTS UPON DEFAULT - Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary contained herein or elsewhere, or the fact that Debtor may 
be required to make Principal and/or interest payments from time to 
time, in addition, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, Bank 
may:

    (1)  accelerate the maturity of this Note and demand immediate 
payment of all outstanding Principal and accrued interest.

    (2)  make a late charge of not less than $10.00 nor more than 1% 
of any amount due and unpaid for a period of 10 days or more.

    (3)  upon five (5) days written notice to Debtor, begin accruing 
interest, in addition to any interest provided for above, at a rate 
not to exceed one percent (1%) per annum on the unpaid Principal 
balance, provided, however, that no interest shall accrue hereunder 
in excess of the maximum amount of interest then allowed by law.  
Debtor agrees to pay such accrued interest upon demand.  The default 
rate set forth herein is strictly a measure of liquidated damages to 
Bank based upon Bank's excess costs involved in the redeployment of 
funds and is not meant to be construed as a penalty.

MISCELLANEOUS - Debtor agrees to timely furnish to Bank such 
publically available financial and other information as it may 
reasonably request or require.  Debtor hereby waives protest, notice 
of protest, presentment, dishonor, notice of dishonor, demand, and 
notice of demand.  If this Note is placed in the hands of an 
attorney for collection, Debtor shall reimburse Bank for any and all 
reasonable attorneys fees whether or not suit be brought, together 
with all actual costs and expenses of any legal proceedings.  
Interest shall be calculated hereunder for the actual number of days 
that the Principal is outstanding, based on a year of three hundred 
sixty (360) days, unless otherwise specified.  If this Note bears 
interest at a rate based on the Prime Rate charged by Bank from time 
to time, changes in the rate of interest hereon shall become 
effective on the days on which Bank announces changes in its Prime 
Rate.  Bank's Prime Rate of interest shall mean that rate of 
interest (which is not necessarily the lowest rate of interest 
charged by the Bank) so designated and established by Bank as that 
rate may change from time to time.  The rights and privileges of 
Bank under this Note shall inure to the benefit of its successors 
and assigns.  All representations, warranties and agreements of 
Obligor made in connection with this Note shall bind Obligor's 
personal representatives, heirs, successors and assigns.  If any 
provision of this Note shall for any reason be held to be invalid or 
unenforceable, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect <PAGE>
any other provision hereof, but this Note shall be construed as
such invalid or unenforceable provision had never been contained 
herein.  The waiver of any Event of Default or the failure of Bank 
to exercise any right or remedy to which it may be entitled shall 
not be deemed a waiver of any subsequent Event of Default or of 
Bank's right to exercise that or any other right or remedy to which 
Bank is entitled.  The undersigned hereby authorizes Bank to 
disclose financial or other publicly available information about the 
undersigned to any present, future or prospective participant, or 
successor in interest in any loan, advance or other financial 
accommodation to Borrower from Bank, or any regulatory body or 
agency having jurisdiction over Bank.  This Note has been delivered 
to and accepted by Bank in and shall be governed by the laws of the 
State of New Jersey.  The parties agree to the jurisdiction of the 
federal and state courts located in New Jersey in connection with 
any matter arising hereunder, including the collection and 
enforcement hereof.  Debtor waives trial by jury.  The Additional 
Provisions, if any, below, are hereby made a part hereof and are 
incorporated herein.


Debtor has duly executed this Note the day and year written on the 
first page hereof, and has hereunto set Debtor's hand and seal.

WELLMAN, INC. (co-borrower)


By:  /s/ Audrey Goodman          
    Assistant Treasurer


Attest:  /s/ Debra L. Geyser   


FIBER INDUSTRIES, INC. (co-borrower)


By:  /s/ Audrey Goodman          
    Assistant Treasurer


Attest:  /s/ Debra L. Geyser   

<PAGE>
NEW ENGLAND CR INC. (co-borrower)


By:  /s/ Audrey Goodman          
    Assistant Treasurer


Attest:  /s/ Debra L. Geyser     

PRINCE, INC. (co-borrower)


By:  /s/ Audrey Goodman          
    Assistant Treasurer


Attest:  /s/ Debra L. Geyser     

<PAGE>
                                                Exhibit 4(z)


                           PROMISSORY NOTE
                       (Demand Line of Credit)

$5,000,000.00                                     June 18, 1993
                                             111 Westminster St.
                                                 Providence, RI


    The Undersigned promise(s) to pay to the order of Fleet National 
Bank, a national banking association (the "Bank"), at its office at 
the above address, or at such other place as the Bank may specify in 
writing to the Undersigned, principal in the amount of Five Million 
Dollars ($5,000,000) or, if less, the aggregate unpaid principal 
amount due hereunder as shown on records of the Bank, and interest 
at the rate specified below.  Until a default occurs, interest shall 
be payable commencing June 30, 1993 and continuing monthly 
thereafter.  Interest shall be calculated on the actual basis of a 
year consisting of 360 days, at the rate of Zero percent (0%) per 
annum above the Bank's Prime rate and shall change with such change 
in the Prime Rate.  The Prime Rate is the rate of interest 
designated from time to time by the Bank as being its prime rate of 
interest.

    If a competent judicial or governmental authority should 
determine that the rate of interest under this Note exceeds a 
maximum rate permitted by applicable law or regulation, each payment 
of interest that exceeds such maximum rate shall be deemed a 
voluntary prepayment of principal.

    The Undersigned and every other party endorsing or guaranteeing 
this Note (collectively, the "Obligors") agree that the Bank shall 
have a right of set-off with respect to all deposits or other sums 
credited by or due from the Bank to the Obligors.  In the event of 
any default under this Note, regardless of the adequacy of 
collateral, without any demand or notice, except as required by 
applicable law, the Bank may apply or set-off such deposits or other 
sums and may sell or dispose of any or all of the securities or 
other property held by the Bank and may exercise any and all of the 
rights it may have under the Rhode Island Uniform Commercial Code, 
as in effect from time to time.  The rights of the Bank under this 
Note are in addition to, and not exclusive of, any other rights it 
may have with respect to such deposits, sums, securities or other 
property under other agreements or applicable principles of law. The 
Bank shall have no duty to take steps to preserve rights against 
prior parties as to such securities or other property.

<PAGE>
    The Obligors further agree that they shall pay on demand all 
expenses of the Bank, including reasonable attorneys' fees, incurred 
in the collection or enforcement of its rights under this Note or 
any security for it; to the fullest extent permissible, they waive 
presentment, demand for payment, protest and notice of nonpayment, 
and all other demands or notices otherwise required by law in 
connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default or 
enforcement of this Note; they consent to any extension or 
postponement of the time of payment or any other indulgence, any 
amendment or modification of any agreement, any substitution, 
exchange or release of collateral or to the additional release of 
any other party or person primarily or secondarily liable hereunder; 
no consent or waiver by the Bank with respect to any actions or 
failure to act which, without consent, would constitute a breach of 
any provision of this Note, shall be valid and binding unless in 
writing and signed by the Bank; and no delay or omission of the Bank 
in exercising any right or remedy hereunder shall constitute a 
waiver of any such right or remedy.

    This note is subject to a letter regarding fixed interest rate 
elections of even date herewith.

    An event of default shall have occurred under this Note if: (a) 
An Event of Default under the Loan Agreement (as amended from time 
to time) between Wellman, Inc. and the Bank (as agent) dated 
December 7, 1990 (together with any of its successor agreements) 
occurs, (b) The Loan Agreement ceases to be in effect and there is 
no other credit agreement in place between the Bank and Wellman, and 
(c) Interest on this note is not paid within ten days of its due 
date.  When an event of default occurs, this Note and all interest 
accrued hereon shall become due and payable forthwith and the 
payment and acceptance of any sum on account of this Note, shall not 
be considered a waiver of such right of election.  Notwithstanding 
this, the Bank reserves the right to cancel any unused portion of 
this line at any time without notice.

    The Obligors agree that this Note shall be governed by the laws 
of the State of Rhode Island.  They consent to jurisdiction and 
service of process, which may be effected by certified mail, in the 
courts of the State of Rhode Island and in the courts of the United 
States having jurisdiction thereof.

                                  WELLMAN, INC.


Witness:                          /s/ Audrey Goodman            
                                      Assistant Treasurer


/s/ Anne Barra                



<PAGE>







                                  June 30, 1994



Wellman, Inc.
1040 Broad Street
Shrewsbury, NJ   07702

Attn:  Clifford J. Christenson
       Chief Financial Officer

Re: $5,000,000 Demand Line of Credit Note of even date herewith 
    payable to the order of Fleet National Bank (the "Note")

Gentlemen:

    This letter sets forth the basis on which Fleet National Bank 
(the "Bank") is willing to offer Wellman, Inc. (the "Borrower") a 
fixed rate on the outstanding principal amount of the Note.

    From time to time, Borrower may request (as set forth within) 
the Bank to quote a fixed interest rate for a specified term on all 
or the portion specified in the Borrower's request of the 
outstanding principal amount under the Note.  The Bank, in its sole 
discretion, may quote a fixed rate to the Borrower and a term for 
which the Bank is willing to make such fixed rate available to the 
Borrower.  The Borrower shall accept or reject such offer on the 
date such offer is received from the Bank by telephonic acceptance 
or rejection (followed immediately if accepted by written or 
telecopied acceptance) specifying the fixed interest rate, the term 
and the amount of principal to be subject to such fixed rate.  Any 
such accepted fixed rate is hereinafter called the "Fixed Rate" and 
any such accepted fixed rate term is hereinafter called the "Fixed 
Rate Term".  Once a Fixed Rate becomes applicable, such Fixed Rate 
shall remain in effect for the corresponding Fixed Rate Term and <PAGE>
shall apply only to the amount of principal offered by the Bank an
accepted by the Borrower.  The Note bears interest at the Bank's 
prime rate per annum (the "Floating Rate").  Any outstanding amount 
of principal as to which a Fixed Rate is not in effect in accordance 
herewith shall bear interest at the Floating Rate.  The minimum 
principal amount subject to a Fixed Rate election shall be $250,000; 
provided however, that there shall be no more than six (6) Fixed 
Rate elections in effect at any time.

    On the last day of any Fixed Rate Term then in effect, the 
Borrower may contact the undersigned (or such other officer of the 
Bank as the undersigned may designate) by telephone, at which time 
the Bank shall inform the Borrower of any Fixed Rate and Fixed Rate 
Term and amount of principal as to which same may be applicable, 
which the Bank is then prepared to offer to the Borrower and the 
Borrower shall immediately elect whether or not to accept same as 
set forth above.  If, upon the expiration date of any Fixed Rate 
Term, a new Fixed Rate and Fixed Rate Term are not agreed upon as to 
the outstanding principal amount of the Note which was subject to 
the Fixed Rate in question, and provided there is outstanding 
principal, the Floating Rate shall thereupon and thereafter be 
deemed the applicable interest rate payable under the Note as to 
such outstanding principal amount, until such later date as a Fixed 
Rate and Fixed Rate Term are agreed upon as set forth above.

    Upon the Borrower making any election to accept a Fixed Rate for 
a Fixed Rate Term, the Borrower shall that day mail or telecopy to 
the Bank a letter verifying (i) the first day of the Fixed Rate Term 
agreed upon, (ii) the Fixed Rate agreed upon, (iii) the Fixed Rate 
Term agreed upon and (iv) the outstanding amount of principal to be 
subject to said Fixed Rate and Fixed Rate Term.  The Bank shall 
incur no liability to the Borrower in acting upon any telephone 
instructions which the recipient thereof believes in good faith to 
have been given by any person whom the Borrower may designate to the 
Bank, in writing, as being so authorized.  In addition, the Bank 
shall be entitled to rely upon any such verification letter signed 
by Clifford J. Christenson, Audrey Goodman, or any such other 
authorized person.

    The Borrower shall be permitted to prepay without premium or 
penalty in whole or in part any outstanding principal amount of the 
Note which is subject to a Floating Rate at any time upon written 
notice to the Bank.

<PAGE>
              PREPAYMENT - FIXED RATE LOAN PROCEEDS

    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Note 
or in any other agreement executed in connection therewith, the 
Borrower shall be permitted to prepay outstanding principal under 
the Note subject to a Fixed Rate only in accordance with the 
following:

    (a)  Voluntary Prepayment.  The Borrower shall be permitted 
         to voluntarily prepay, in whole or in part, any such 
         principal amount subject to a Fixed Rate at any time, 
         subject to giving the Bank not less than two (2) days 
         prior written notice thereof, and, subject to the 
         Borrower's payment to the Bank of a prepayment premium 
         in an amount computed as provided below.  In the event 
         of any such voluntary prepayment, the date upon which 
         such computation of said prepayment premium shall be 
         based (the "Determination Date") shall be the date 
         upon which such prepayment is made.

    (b)  Involuntary Prepayment.  If the maturity of the Note 
         shall be accelerated, by reason of its cross-default 
         with Wellman's existing Loan Agreement (as defined in 
         the Note) or the occurrence of any event of default 
         under the Note, then upon the Bank's demand made at 
         any time thereafter the Borrower shall pay to the Bank 
         a prepayment premium in an amount computed as provided 
         below.  In such event the Determination Date upon 
         which the computation of said prepayment premium shall 
         be based shall be such date as may be selected by the 
         Bank, in its sole discretion, within the period 
         commencing with the date of such acceleration of the 
         Note and ending on the last day of the applicable 
         Fixed Rate Term.  In the event of such acceleration of 
         the Note, an involuntary prepayment of all such 
         principal amounts subject to a Fixed Rate shall be 
         deemed to have occurred upon the Determination Date 
         selected by the Bank, regardless of whether funds are 
         actually received by the Bank.

    (c)  Prepayment Premium.  The prepayment premium to be paid 
         by the Borrower shall be computed as follows:

         The latest published rate preceding the Determination 
         Date for United States Treasury Notes or Bills (Bills 
         on a discounted basis shall be converted to a bond 
         equivalent) as published weekly in the Federal Reserve 
         Statistical Release with a maturity date closest to 
         the expiration date of the applicable Fixed Rate Term 
         shall be subtracted from the applicable Fixed Rate.  
         If the result is a positive number, then the resulting 
         percentage shall be multiplied by the amount of the <PAGE>
 
         principal balance being prepaid.  The resulting amou
         will be divided by 360 and multiplied by the number of 
         days remaining between the Determination Date and the 
         expiration date of the applicable Fixed Rate Term (the 
         "Unexpired Term").  Said amount shall be reduced to 
         present value calculated by using the above referenced 
         United States Treasury Note or Bill rate and assuming 
         that said amount will be paid in equal monthly 
         installments over the Unexpired Term, commencing 30 
         days after the Determination Date.  The resulting 
         amount shall be the prepayment premium due to the Bank.

    In the event that more than one Fixed Rate or Fixed Rate Term is 
applicable to outstanding principal under the Note, then separate 
computations shall be made of the prepayment premium applicable to 
each Fixed Rate and Fixed Rate Term and the prepayment premium 
payable to the Borrower to the Bank shall be the sum of the amounts 
so determined.

    Interest on any loans that bear a Fixed Rate shall be due at 
maturity of the applicable period, while interest on Floating Rate 
loans shall be due monthly.

    If the above meets with the Borrower's approval, please so 
signify in the space provided below on the enclosed copy of this 
letter.

                                  Very truly yours,

                                  FLEET NATIONAL BANK


                                  By: /s/ William Fed     


The above term and conditions are hereby accepted and agreed to.

Witness:                          WELLMAN, INC.


/s/Anne Barra                     By:/s/ Audrey Goodman
                                     Audrey Goodman
                                     Assistant Treasurer


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>10K EX10
<TEXT>

##



##
##                                      -#-
##
                                                            Exhibit 10(h)












                                 WELLMAN, INC.


                     MANAGEMENT INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN


                              EXECUTIVE GROUP






















NOVEMBER, 1992
<PAGE>
                       TABLE OF CONTENTS


ARTICLE I     NAME

ARTICLE II    STATEMENT OF PURPOSE

ARTICLE III   PLAN ADMINISTRATION

ARTICLE IV    PARTICIPATION

ARTICLE V     DEFINITIONS

ARTICLE VI    DESCRIPTION OF BONUS BANK

ARTICLE VII   CHANGE IN STATUS DURING THE PLAN YEAR

ARTICLE VIII  GENERAL PROVISIONS

ARTICLE IX    LIMITATIONS



<PAGE>
                              ARTICLE I

                                 NAME

    The Plan shall be known as the "Wellman, Inc. Management 
Incentive Compensation Plan."

                              ARTICLE II

                         STATEMENT OF PURPOSE

    2.1  The purpose of the Plan is to provide a system of incentive 
compensation which will promote the maximization of shareholder 
value over the long-term.  In order to align management incentives 
with shareholder interests, this Plan will tie incentive 
compensation to Economic Value Added (EVA) and, thereby, reward 
management for increasing value and penalize management for reducing 
value.

    2.2.  EVA is the performance measure of value creation.  EVA 
reflects the benefits and cost of capital employed.  Managers create 
value when they employ capital in an endeavor that generates a 
return that exceeds the cost of the capital employed.  Managers 
destroy value when they employ capital in an endeavor that generates 
a return that is less than the cost of capital employed.

                             ARTICLE III

                         PLAN ADMINISTRATION

    3.1  The Incentive Compensation Committee ("Committee") shall be 
responsible for the design, selection of Participants, 
administration, and interpretation of the Plan.  The Committee will 
consist of the President and Chief Executive Officer, the Vice 
President and Chief Financial Officer, and the Vice President of 
Administration.

    3.2  This Plan may be amended, suspended or terminated at any 
time at the sole discretion of the Board of Directors of Wellman, 
Inc. ("Board") upon the recommendation of the Committee, provided, 
however, that no such change in the Plan shall be effective to 
eliminate or diminish the distribution of any Award that has been 
allocated to the Bank of a Participant prior to the date of such 
amendment, suspension or termination.  Notice of any such amendment, 
suspension or termination shall be given promptly to each 
Participant.

                              ARTICLE IV

                            PARTICIPATION

    4.1  The Executive Group is comprised of those employees who are 
primarily Officers, Vice Presidents, and other senior executives 
identified by the Board of Directors.

<PAGE>
    4.2  The committee will nominate and the Board must approve any 
new employees who are to be included in the Plan.

                              ARTICLE V

                             DEFINITIONS

    5.1  "Plan Year" is the fiscal year of the Company which is the 
calendar year.

    5.2  "Effective Date" is January 1, 1992.

    5.3  "Eligibility" means the earliest a new participant can be 
included.  This is the first Plan Year following his/her hire date.

    5.4  "Participating Group" means a business division or group of 
business divisions which are uniquely identified for the purpose of 
calculating EVA and EVA based bonus awards.  Some Participants' 
awards may be derived from a combination of two or more different 
Participating Groups.  For the purpose of this plan, the initial 
Participating Groups are listed as follows:

Company (Consolidated)
Fibers Division
Manufactured Products Group
Nonwovens
Bonded Fibers
Engineering Resins
Recycling
Polymer
Wool
New England CRInc.

    5.5  "Capital" means the net investment employed in the 
operations of each Participating Group.  The components of Capital 
are as follows:

             Accounts Receivable (Net)
             Inventory
             Property, Plant, and Equipment (Net)
             Goodwill and other Assets
    Less:    Accounts Payable*
    Less:    Accrued Liabilities*
    Equals:  Capital

    *Collectively referred to as the non-interest bearing current 
    liabilities (NIBCL's)

<PAGE>
    EVA is calculated based on average Capital employed.  The annual 
average Capital is the result of aggregating the ending capital at 
December 31 of the prior year with the ending capital at the end of 
each month in the current year and dividing the result by 13.

    5.6  "Cost of Capital" means the weighted average of the before 
tax cost of debt and equity for the year in question.  For 1992, 
1993, and 1994 it is fixed at 14.7% percent.

    5.7  "Capital Charge" is the cost of employing Capital in the 
business of each Participating Group.  The Capital Charge equals the 
following:

            Average Capital
    Times:  Cost of Capital
    Equals: Capital Charge

    5.8  "Net Operating Profit" or NOP means the earnings 
attributable to the capital employed in the Participating Group.  
The components of NOP are as follows:

             Sales/Operating Revenues
    Less:    Cost of Sales/Costs associated with Sales/Revenues
    Less:    Selling, General and Administrative Expenses
    Equals:  Net Operating Profit

    5.9  "Economic Value Added" or EVA means the NOP that remains 
after subtracting the Capital Charge, expressed as follows:

             NOP
    Less:    Capital Charge
    Equals:  EVA

    EVA may be positive or negative.

    5.10  "Actual EVA" means the EVA as calculated for each 
Participating Group for the Plan Year in question.

    5.11  "Baseline EVA" means the level of EVA needed for the Group 
to receive the amount of the Base Unit Value in the year of 
inception.  The Baseline EVA for the 1992 is set at the expected EVA 
based primarily upon the Annual Operating Plan.  After the first 
year, the Base-Line EVA is revised according to the following 
formula:

   Baseline EVA = Last Year's Baseline + Last Year's Actual EVA
                                         2

<PAGE>
    5.12  "Base Unit Value" means the portion of the Total Unit 
Value which is independent of performance corresponding to the 
Baseline EVA

    5.13  "Performance Unit Value" is the value attached to EVA 
performance falling above or below the Baseline EVA (Actual EVA less 
Baseline EVA).

    5.14  "Total Unit Value" is the value per unit, which is 
determined as the sum of two components:

     Total Unit Value = Base Unit Value + Performance Unit Value

    5.15  "Salary" means the participant's weighted average base 
salary for the entire Plan Year.

    5.16  "Target Bonus Percentage" is assigned to each Participant 
by the Committee based on their relative job position.

    5.17  "Number of Units" is calculated by multiplying the 
Participant's salary times his/her Target Bonus Percentage.

          Number of Units = Salary x Target Bonus Percentage

    5.18  "Individual Award" means the bonus earned* by a 
Participant in a given year and is calculated by multiplying the 
Total Unit Value times the Participant's Number of Units.

   Individual Award = Total Unit Value x Number of Units for that 
                             Participant

Awards due are paid to Participants in March for the prior Plan Year.

    *Note that if the Total Unit Value is greater than $1.50 for 
that year, only the $1.50 gets paid that year.  The excess goes to 
the Bonus Bank.

    5.19  The Individual Award associated with the Company 
Participating Group will not be paid unless there is at least one 
quarterly payment made to employees under the Wellman, Inc. Profit 
Sharing Plan.  The Individual Award is also reduced by the total 
amount of Profit Sharing paid to the Participant for the Plan Year.  
Should there be no quarterly payments under the Profit Sharing Plan, 
the award associated with the Company Participating Group will be 
deposited into the Bonus Bank.  An Individual Award based on any 
other Participating Group will be paid even if no quarterly Profit 
Sharing Plan payments are paid.

<PAGE>
                              ARTICLE VI

                      DESCRIPTION OF BONUS BANK

    6.1  A "Bonus Bank" concept encourages a long-term commitment by 
Participants to the Company.  An "Extraordinary award" shall be 
credited to an "at risk" deferred account for each Participant.  The 
level of payout is contingent on sustained high performance and 
continued employment.

    6.2  "Bonus Bank" means, with respect to each Participant, a 
bookkeeping record of an account to which Extraordinary Awards are 
credited and negative values are debited.

    6.3  "Extraordinary Award" means that portion of an annual award 
in excess of $1.50 times the number of Bonus Units held by the 
participant.  This amount is always paid to the Bonus Bank and will 
be used to reduce negative balances, if any.

    6.4  "Bank Balance" means, with respect to each Participant, a 
bookkeeping record of the net balance of the amounts credited to and 
debited against such Participant's Bonus Bank.  A Participant's Bank 
Balance shall initially be equal to zero.  The Bonus Bank does not 
pay interest on positive balances or charge interest on negative 
balances.  Although a Bonus Bank may, as a result of negative EVA, 
have a deficit, no Plan Participant shall be required, at any time, 
to reimburse his/her Bonus Bank.  Negative Bank Balances will be 
offset only by positive bank deposits resulting from Extraordinary 
Awards.

    6.5  "Available Balance" means the Bank Balance at the beginning 
of the Plan Year.

    6.6  "Payout Percentage" is 33 1/3 percent.

    6.7  "Payout" means amount of the Available Balance that may be 
paid out in cash to the Participant.  The Payout is calculated as 
follows:

             Available Balance
    Times:   Payout Percentage (33 1/3%)
    Equals:  Payout

The Payout is subtracted from the Bank Balance when it is paid to 
the Participant in March.

<PAGE>
                             ARTICLE VIII

                CHANGE IN STATUS DURING THE PLAN YEAR

    7.1  Transfers.  Participants who transfer from one 
participating Group in the Company to another shall have their award 
determined by the EVA performance for the specific months the 
Participant is employed in each participating Group.  The Bonus Bank 
balance will be unaffected as a result of the transfer.

    7.2  Disability.  A participant shall be deemed "permanently 
disabled" if, because of physical or mental condition, the 
Participant is unable for a period of at least one year to perform 
the principal duties of his/her occupation as determined by a 
physician selected by the Committee.  A Participant shall receive 
full payment of his or her Bank Balance and a pro rata bonus based 
on the number of full months worked for the year in which the 
disability started.  The former payment shall be made one year after 
the start of the disability and the latter at the regular time for 
making bonus payments (March).

    7.3  Death.  A Participant's beneficiary, as designated for the 
life insurance program, shall receive full payment of his/her Bank 
Balance and a pro rata bonus based on the number of full months 
worked for the Plan year in which they die.  The former payment will 
be made within six weeks of the death and the latter payment shall 
be made at the regular time for making bonus payments (March).

    7.4  Retirement.  A Participant who retires from the Company 
upon or after reaching age 55 shall receive full payment of his or 
her Bank Balance and a pro rata bonus for the year in which he/she 
retires.  The former payment will be made within six weeks of 
retirement and the latter payment shall be made at the regular time 
for making bonus payments (March).

    7.5  Resignation or Termination for Cause.  Separation for these 
reasons results in the forfeiture of the balance in a Participant's 
Bonus Bank and any award for the Plan Year in which employment ends.

"Cause" shall mean:

         (i)  any act or acts of the Participant constituting a 
    felony under the laws of the United States, any state 
    thereof or any foreign jurisdiction;

<PAGE>
         (ii)  any material breach by the Participant of any 
    employment agreement with the Company or the policies of 
    the Company or the willful and persistent (after written 
    notice to the Participant) failure or refusal of the 
    participant to comply with any lawful directives of the 
    Board;

         (iii)  a course of conduct amounting to gross neglect, 
    willful misconduct or dishonesty; or

         (iv)  any misappropriation of material property of the 
    Company by the Participant or any misappropriation of a 
    corporate or business opportunity of the Company by the 
    Participant.

    7.6  Termination without Cause.  A Participant who is terminated 
for reasons other than those described above will have any positive 
Bank Balance in his/her Bonus Bank paid in full at the time of 
separation.  A pro rata portion of that year's award shall also be 
paid in full at the regular time for making bonus payments.

    7.7  Breach of Agreement.  Notwithstanding any other provision 
of the Plan or any other agreement, in the event that a Participant 
shall breach any non-competition agreement with the Company the 
balance in such Participant's Bonus Bank shall be forfeited.

    7.8  No Guarantee.  Participation in the Plan provides no 
guarantee that a bonus under the Plan will be paid.  Similarly, the 
payment of an Award under the plan in one Plan Year or selection as 
a Participant is no guarantee that a bonus under the plan will be 
paid in the subsequent Plan Year.  The success of the Company as 
measured by the achievement of EVA, shall determine the extent to 
which Participants shall be entitled to receive bonuses hereunder.

                             ARTICLE VIII

                          GENERAL PROVISIONS

    8.1  Withholding of Taxes.  The Company shall have the right to 
withhold the amount of taxes, which in the determination of the 
Company, are required to be withheld under law with respect to any 
amount due or paid under the Plan.

    8.2  Expenses. All expenses and costs in connection with the 
adoption and administration of the Plan shall be borne by the 
Company.

<PAGE>
    8.3  No prior Right or Offer.  Except and until expressly 
granted pursuant to the Plan, nothing in the Plan shall be deemed to 
give any employee any contractual or other right to participate in 
the benefits of the Plan.

    8.4  Disputed Claims for Benefits.  In the event a Participant 
(a "claimant") has a dispute with respect to any of the benefits 
provided hereunder, the claimant shall submit evidence satisfactory 
to the Committee of facts establishing his entitlement to a payment 
under the Plan.  Any claim with respect to any of the benefits 
provided under the Plan shall be made in writing within ninety (90) 
days of the event which the claimant asserts entitles him or her to 
benefits.  Failure by the claimant to submit his or her claim within 
such ninety (90) day period shall bar the claimant from any claim 
for benefits under the Plan.  In reaching its decision, the 
Committee shall have complete discretionary authority to determine 
all questions arising in the interpretation and administration of 
the Plan, to construe the terms of the Plan, including any doubtful 
or disputed terms and the eligibility of a Participant for benefits.

    8.5  Action Taken in Good Faith; Indemnification.  The Committee 
may employ attorneys, consultants, accountants or other persons and 
the Company's directors and officers shall be entitled to rely upon 
the advice, opinions or valuations of any such persons.  All actions 
taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the 
Committee in good faith shall be final and binding upon all 
employees who have received awards, the Company and all other 
interested parties.  No member of the Committee, nor any officer, 
director, employee or representative of the Company, or any of its 
affiliates acting on behalf of or in conjunction with the Committee, 
shall be personally liable for any action, determination, or 
interpretation, whether of commission or omission, taken or made 
with respect to the Plan, except in circumstances involving actual 
bad faith or willful misconduct.  In addition to such other rights 
of indemnification as they may have as members of the Board, as 
members of the Committee or as officers or employees of the Company, 
all members of the Committee and each any officer, employee or 
representative of the Company or any of its subsidiaries acting on 
their behalf shall be fully indemnified and protected by the Company 
with respect to any such action, determination or interpretation 
against the reasonable expenses, including attorneys' fees actually 
and necessarily incurred, in connection with the defense of any 
civil or criminal action, suit or proceeding or in connection with 
any appeal therein, to which they or any of them any be a party by 
reason of any action taken or failure to act under or in connection 
with the Plan or an award granted thereunder, and against all 
amounts paid by them in settlement thereof (provided such settlement <PAGE>
is approved by independent legal counsel selected by Company) 
paid by them in satisfaction of a judgment in any action, suit or 
proceeding, except in relation to matters as to which it shall be 
adjudged in such action, suit or proceeding that such person 
claiming indemnification shall in writing offer the Company the 
opportunity, at its own expense, to handle and defend the same.  
Expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred in defending a civil 
or criminal action, suit or proceeding shall be paid by the Company 
in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or 
proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by any person claiming 
indemnification to repay such amount unless it shall ultimately be 
determined that such member is entitled to be indemnified as 
provided in this Section.

    8.6  Rights Personal to Employee.  Any rights provided to an 
employee under the Plan shall be personal to such employee, shall 
not be transferable (except by will or pursuant to the laws of 
descent or distribution), and shall be exercisable, during his or 
her lifetime, only by such employee.

    8.7  Plan Termination or Suspension.  Upon termination of the 
Plan or suspension for a period of more than 90 days, the Bank 
Balance of each Participant shall be distributed as soon as 
practicable but in no event later than 90 days from such event.  The 
Committee, in its sole discretion, may accelerate distribution of 
the Bank Balance, in whole or in part, at any time without penalty.

    8.8  Confidentiality.  Specific details of the Plan must remain 
confidential and because of the individuality of the Awards, 
Participants should not share information with each other.

                              ARTICLE IX

                             LIMITATIONS

    9.1  No Continued Employment.  Neither the establishment of the 
plan or the grant of an award hereunder shall be deemed to 
constitute an express or implied contract of employment for any 
period of time or in any way abridge the rights of the Company to 
determine the terms and conditions of employment or to terminate the 
employment of any employee with or without cause at any time.

    9.2  No Vested Rights.  Except as otherwise provided herein, no 
employee or other person shall have any claim of right (legal, 
equitable, or otherwise) to any award, allocation, or distribution 
or any right, title, or vested interest in any amounts in his/her <PAGE>
Bonus Bank and no officer or employee of the Company or any 
Participating Group or any other person shall have any authority to 
make representations or agreements to the contrary.  No interest 
conferred herein to a Participant shall be assignable or subject to 
claim by a Participant's creditors.

    9.3  Not Part of Other Benefits.  The benefits provided in this 
plan shall not be deemed a part of any other benefit provided by the 
Company to its employees.  The Company assumes no obligation to Plan 
Participants except as specified herein.  This is a complete 
statement, along with the Schedules and Appendices attached hereto, 
of the terms and conditions of the Plan.

    9.4  Other Plans.  Nothing contained herein shall limit the 
Company or the Committee's power to grant bonuses to employees of 
the Company, whether or not Participants in this Plan.

<PAGE>
                                              Exhibit 10(j)(7)

                      RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT


    THIS AGREEMENT is entered into as of the 21st day of September, 
1993, by and between WELLMAN, INC., a Delaware corporation (the 
"Corporation"), and James E. Rogers, resident of Virginia (the 
"Director").

    WHEREAS, the Director currently serves as a member of the Board 
of Directors of the Corporation (the "Board"); and

    WHEREAS, the Corporation wishes to provide long-term incentives 
to the Director to remain as a director of the Corporation and to 
devote his best efforts to the interests of the Corporation's 
stockholders; and

    WHEREAS, in order to provide such incentive, the Corporation 
wishes to grant to the Director shares of the Corporation's common 
stock, $.01 par value (the "Stock"), on the terms and conditions 
herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:

    1.  Definitions.

         a.  "Non-Vested Shares" shall mean all the shares of Stock 
that have not become Vested Shares pursuant to the provisions of 
Section 2 hereof.

         b.  "Vested Shares" shall mean those shares of Stock that 
shall vest according to the schedule set forth in Section 2(a) 
hereof.

         c.  "Vesting Date" shall mean the date on which Non-Vested 
Shares become Vested Shares as provided in the vesting schedule set 
forth in Section 2(a) hereof.

    2.  Incentive.

         a.  The Corporation shall issue to the Director 2,000 
shares of Stock (the "Incentive Stock") which shall vest in 
accordance with the following schedule:

         Number of Shares
    of Stock becoming Vested      Vesting Date

            667                   September 21, 1994
            667                   September 21, 1995
            666                   September 21, 1996

<PAGE>
         b.  Notwithstanding anything else contained in this 
Agreement, the Director shall not vest as to that portion of the 
Incentive Stock that is scheduled to vest on a Vesting Date 
specified in Section 2(a) hereof, unless the Director has served as 
a director of the Corporation for the twelve month period prior to 
such Vesting Date.

         c.  In the event of any change in the Stock by reason of 
any stock dividend, recapitalization, reorganization, merger, 
consolidation, split-up, combination or exchange of shares or of any 
similar change affecting the Stock, then in any such event the 
number and kind of shares subject to this Agreement shall be 
appropriately adjusted consistent with such change in such manner as 
the Corporation may deem equitable to prevent substantial dilution 
or enlargement of the rights granted to the Director hereunder.

    3.  Issuance of Stock.  The Corporation shall issue a 
certificate or certificates representing the Incentive Stock to the 
Director, with the legend required by Section 4 thereon, as soon as 
practicable after the execution of this Agreement by the Director.

    4.  Securities Restrictions.

         a.  The Corporation shall place the following legend upon 
the certificates representing the Incentive Stock:

         "The shares of stock represented by this certificate have 
         not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as 
         amended (the "Act").  The stock may not be sold, 
         transferred, pledged, or hypothecated unless the stock 
         proposed to be transferred has been effectively registered 
         under the Act, or the corporation shall have received an 
         opinion of counsel satisfactory to it to the effect that 
         registration thereof for purposes of transfer is not 
         required under the Act."

         b.  The Director acknowledges that the Incentive Stock has 
not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933 or any state 
securities statute (collectively, the "Securities Acts"), and 
therefore may not be resold unless they are registered under such 
Securities Acts or unless an exemption from such registration is 
available.  Prior to any transfer of any shares of Incentive Stock 
which are not registered under an effective registration statement 
under any such Securities Act (other than a transfer pursuant to 
Rule 144 or any comparable rule under such Securities Acts), the 
holder thereof will give written notice to the Corporation of such 
holder's intention to effect such transfer and shall describe the 
manner and circumstances of the proposed transfer in sufficient <PAGE>
detail to enable counsel to render the opinion referred to in the 
legend placed on the back of the certificate.

         c.  The Corporation will pay the reasonable fees and 
disbursements of counsel in connection with all opinions rendered 
pursuant to this Section 4.

         d.  The restrictions imposed by this Section 4 upon the 
transferability of the shares of Incentive Stock shall cease and 
terminate as to any particular security (i) when such securities 
shall have been effectively registered under the Act and disposed of 
in accordance with the registration statement covering such 
securities, or (ii) when, in the opinion of independent counsel for 
the holder thereof experienced in Securities Acts' matters, such 
restrictions are no longer required in order to assure compliance 
with the Securities Acts.  Whenever such restrictions shall 
terminate as to any securities, the holder thereof shall be entitled 
to receive from the Corporation, without expense (other than 
transfer taxes, if any), new securities of like tenor not bearing 
the legend set forth in Section 4(a) hereof.

    5.  Miscellaneous.

         a.  This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be 
binding upon the parties hereto and their respective administrators, 
executors, legal representatives, successors, and assigns (including 
remote, as well as immediate, successors to and assignees of said 
parties).

         b.  Any and all notices, designations, consents, offers, 
acceptances, or any other communication provided for herein shall be 
given in writing by registered, certified or regular delivery mail, 
Federal Express or comparable overnight delivery service, telecopy, 
telex or by personal delivery, which shall be addressed to the 
Corporation and the Director, at their addresses appearing on the 
signature page hereto or to such other address as may be designated 
by him or it.

         c.  The invalidity or unenforceability of any particular 
provision of this Agreement shall not effect the other provisions 
hereof, and this Agreement shall be construed in all respects as if 
such invalid or unenforceable provisions were omitted.

         d.  This Agreement shall not be interpreted as an Agreement 
that the Director shall be nominated to the Board or elected as a 
Director, except as the stockholders of the Corporation shall vote 
at any meeting designated for such election, and the Director shall 
not have any right to be retained on the Board of the Corporation by 
virtue of this Agreement.

<PAGE>
         e.  Upon the (a) resignation or termination of the Director 
from the Board for any reason or (b) failure of the Director to be 
reelected to the Board or (c) the vesting of all of the Stock issued 
hereunder, all of the Director's rights hereunder shall cease and 
terminate other than rights of the Director of the Vested Shares.  
Upon the occurrence of the events set forth in (a) and (b) above 
prior to the vesting of all of the Incentive Stock, the Director 
shall surrender his stock certificate or certificates issued  
hereunder representing or including any Non-Vested Shares to the 
Company and the Company shall cancel such certificate or 
certificates relating to any Non-Vested Shares and shall cause the 
transfer agent to issue a new stock certificate or certificates to 
the Director for any Vested Shares included in such surrendered 
certificate or certificates.

         f.  This Agreement may be altered, amended or terminated 
only by written instrument signed by both parties hereto.

         g.  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware.

         h.  This Agreement may be executed by the parties hereto in 
several counterparts, and each counterpart, when so executed, shall 
constitute one and the same agreement.

    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this 
Agreement on the day and year set forth above.

                                  WELLMAN, INC.


                                  By /s/ Clifford J. Christensen
                                    Clifford J. Christenson
                                    Vice President & Treasurer




                                    /s/ James E. Rogers         
                                    James E. Rogers

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-18
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>10K EX18
<TEXT>

##



##
                                                         Exhibit 18





February 15, 1994


Mr. Keith R. Phillips
Chief Financial Officer
Wellman, Inc.
1040 Broad Street
Suite 302
Shrewsbury, NJ 07702

Dear Sir:

Note 1 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of Wellman, 
Inc. included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended 
December 31, 1993 describes a change in the method of applying the 
lower of cost or market rule to certain slow moving and discontinued 
waste raw material inventory which is costed using the last-in, 
first-out (LIFO) method.  In prior years, the Company used the 
aggregate by pool method in applying the lower of cost or market 
rule to such inventories and in 1993 changed to the item-by-item 
method.  You have advised us that you believe that the change is to 
a preferable method in your circumstances because it provides a 
better matching of costs and revenues and results in a more 
conservative valuation of the slow moving and discontinued waste raw 
material inventory.

There are no authoritative criteria for determining a "preferable" 
inventory valuation method based on the particular circumstances; 
however, we conclude that the change in the method of applying the 
lower of cost or market rule to slow moving and discontinued waste 
raw material inventory which is costed using the LIFO method is to 
an acceptable alternative method, which, based on your business 
judgment to make this change for the reasons cited above, is 
preferable in your circumstances.

                                             Very truly yours,



                                             ERNST & YOUNG


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>10K EX21
<TEXT>

                                                        Exhibit 21

                             SUBSIDIARIES


Company Name                          Jurisdiction of Incorporation

Fiber Industries                               Delaware
Prince, Inc.                                   Delaware
Warehouse Assoc., Inc.                         Delaware
Josdav                                         Delaware
New England CR., Inc.                          Massachusetts
Materials Recovery, Inc.                       Massachusetts
Materials Recovery of California               Massahcusetts
Brokering Recyclables, Inc.                    Massachusetts
Recycling Plastics, Inc.                       Massachusetts
Creative Forming, Inc.                         Wisconsin
Wellman, Inc. VEBA                             Not Incorp.
Wellman Scholarship Foundation, Inc.           South Carolina
Wellman, Inc. PAC                              New Jersey
ALG, Inc.                                      Delaware
Wellman International                          Ireland
  Investments, LTD
Wellman International, LTD                     Ireland
Wellman Fibres, LTD                            United Kingdom
Middlewich, Limited                            Ireland
Shobara Company                                Ireland
Wellman International                          Germany
  Handelagesellschaft, mbh
Crinc-Wellman Limited                          Great Britain
Wellman UK Holdings, Limited                   Great Britain
Canada Crinc, LTD                              Canada
Wellman Exports, V.I.                          U.S. Virgin Islands
Wellman Recycling                              Holland


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>10K EX23
<TEXT>

                                                       Exhibit 23(a)



                   Consent of Independent Auditors


We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration 
Statements (Form S-8, Nos. 33-17196, 33-44822, 33-44877, 33-44876 
and Form S-3, No. 33-36001) pertaining to various stock option and 
employee savings plans of Wellman, Inc. of our report dated February 
15, 1994, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and 
financial statement schedules included in this Annual Report (Form 
10-K) of Wellman, Inc.


                                             ERNST & YOUNG


Charlotte, North Carolina
March 25, 1994

<PAGE>
                                                       Exhibit 23(b)



                   Consent of Independent Auditors


We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration 
Statements (Form S-8, Nos. 33-17196, 33-44822, 33-44877, 33-44876 
and Form S-3, No. 33-36001) pertaining to various stock option and 
employee savings plans of Wellman, Inc. of our report dated 17 
February 1994, with respect to the consolidated financial statements 
of Wellman International Limited and subsidiary at 31 December 1993 
and 1992, and for each of the three years in the period ended 31 
December 1993, included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of 
Wellman, Inc.



KPMG Stokes Kennedy Crowley
Chartered Accountants
Registered Auditors
Dublin, Ireland
25 March, 1994


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>8
<DESCRIPTION>10K EX99
<TEXT>

##



##
                                                 Exhibit 99


REPORT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS TO MEMBERS OF WELLMAN INTERNATIONAL 
LIMITED

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of 
Wellman International Limited and subsidiary at 31 December 1993 and 
1992, and the related consolidated profit and loss accounts, 
retained earnings, and changes in financial position for each of the 
three years in the period ended 31 December 1993, all expressed in 
Irish pounds (not presented separately herewith).  These financial 
statements are the responsibility of the Company's management.  Our 
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial 
statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards 
generally accepted in the United States of America.  Those standards 
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable 
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of 
material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on test basis, 
evidence supporting the amounts and enclosures in the financial 
statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting 
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as 
well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.   
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our 
opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above, 
expressed in Irish pounds, present fairly, in all material respects, 
the consolidated financial position of Wellman International Limited 
and subsidiary at 31 December 1993 and 1992, and the consolidated 
results of operations and changes in financial position for each of 
the three years in the period ended 31 December 1993 in conformity 
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States 
of America.

                                     /s/KPMG Stokes Kennedy Crowley

KPMG Stokes Kennedy Crowley
Chartered Accountants
Registered Auditors

Dublin, Ireland
17 February 1994


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
