-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 JI1HUTUNe93V8khuMgkB/cYF6Hn/O5B1jQpOTUxhSJ7A6DhFZRW/RMFBQPlVfXPg
 nbH+lBo31Di0A/21BzXKQw==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000912057-95-001751.txt : 19950712<IMS-HEADER>0000912057-95-001751.hdr.sgml : 19950711
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000912057-95-001751
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K405
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		11
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19941231
FILED AS OF DATE:		19950328
SROS:			NYSE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WYNNS INTERNATIONAL INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000108721
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GASKETS, PACKAGING AND SEALING DEVICES & RUBBER & PLASTIC HOSE [3050]
		IRS NUMBER:				952854312
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K405
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-07200
		FILM NUMBER:		95523659

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 NORTH STATE COLLEGE BLVD
		CITY:			ORANGE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92668
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7149383700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 NORTH STATE COLLEGE BLVD
		CITY:			ORANGE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92668
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K405
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                              --------------------

                                    FORM 10-K

(Mark One)
[X]  Annual report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
     Act of 1934 [FEE REQUIRED] for the fiscal year ended DECEMBER 31, 1994; or

[ ]  Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
     Exchange Act of 1934 [NO FEE REQUIRED] for the transition period from
                           to
     ---------------------    --------------------------

COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 1-7200

                           WYNN'S INTERNATIONAL, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)


                DELAWARE                               95-2854312
     (State or other jurisdiction of                (I.R.S. Employer
     incorporation or organization)              Identification Number)

    500 NORTH STATE COLLEGE BOULEVARD
                SUITE 700
           ORANGE, CALIFORNIA                             92668
(Address of principal executive offices)               (Zip Code)

       Registrant's telephone number, including area code:  (714) 938-3700

SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT:


                                             Name of Each Exchange on Which
           Title of Each Class                         Registered
- ----------------------------------------     ------------------------------
Common Stock, par value $1 per share             New York Stock Exchange

SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT:  None

     Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  [X]  No [   ]

   The aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the
Registrant was $123,161,460 as of March 14, 1995.  All outstanding shares of
voting stock, except for shares held by executive officers and members of the
Board of Directors of Registrant, are deemed to be held by non-affiliates.

   On March 14, 1995, Registrant had 5,997,577 shares of common stock
outstanding.

   Parts I and II incorporate information by reference from the Annual Report to
Stockholders for the year ended December 31, 1994.  Part III incorporates
information by reference from the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of
Stockholders to be held on May 10, 1995.

   Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of Registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K.  [X]
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<PAGE>

                                     PART I


ITEM 1.   BUSINESS

      Wynn's International, Inc., through its subsidiaries, is engaged primarily
in the automotive components business and the specialty chemicals business.  The
Company designs, produces and sells O-rings and other seals and molded
elastomeric and thermoplastic polymer products and automotive air conditioning
systems and components.  The Company also formulates, produces and sells
specialty chemical products and automotive service equipment and distributes,
primarily in southern California, locks and hardware products manufactured by
others.

      O-rings and other molded polymer products are marketed under the trade
name "Wynn's-Precision."  Air conditioning systems for the automotive
aftermarket are marketed by the Company under the trademark FROSTEMP [REGISTERED
TRADEMARK] and installation centers are operated under the trademarks MAXAIR
[REGISTERED TRADEMARK] and FROSTEMP.  Specialty chemical products are marketed
under various trademarks, including WYNN'S [REGISTERED TRADEMARK], FRICTION
PROOFING [REGISTERED TRADEMARK], X-TEND [REGISTERED TRADEMARK], SPIT FIRE
[REGISTERED TRADEMARK] AND DU-ALL [REGISTERED TRADEMARK].

      The Company's executive offices are located at 500 North State College
Boulevard, Suite 700, Orange, California 92668.  Its telephone number is (714)
938-3700.  The terms "Wynn's International, Inc.," "Wynn's," "Company" and
"Registrant" herein refer to Wynn's International, Inc. and its subsidiaries
unless the context indicates otherwise.

FINANCIAL INFORMATION BY BUSINESS SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHIC DATA

      The Company's operations are conducted in three industry segments:
Automotive Components; Specialty Chemicals; and Builders Hardware.  Financial
information relating to the Company's business segments for the five years ended
December 31, 1994 is incorporated by reference from Note 14 of "Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements" on pages 29 through 31 of the Company's
Annual Report to Stockholders for the year ended December 31, 1994 (the "1994
Annual Report").


                              AUTOMOTIVE COMPONENTS

      The Automotive Components Division consists of Wynn's-Precision, Inc.
("Precision") and Wynn's Climate Systems, Inc. ("Wynn's Climate Systems").
During 1994, sales of the Automotive Components Division were $176,346,000, or
60% of the Company's total net sales, as compared with $181,478,000 and 64% in
1993.  The operating profit of the division in 1994 was $18,566,000, or 65% of
the Company's total operating profit, as compared with $16,643,000 and 70% in
1993.  See "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations" and "Business Segment and Geographical Information" on
pages 16 through 19 and 29 through 31, respectively, of the 1994 Annual Report,
which are hereby incorporated by reference.  See also "Other Factors Affecting
the Business."

<PAGE>

                             WYNN'S-PRECISION, INC.
(O-RINGS, SEALS AND OTHER MOLDED ELASTOMERIC AND THERMOPLASTIC POLYMER PRODUCTS)

PRODUCTS

      Precision and its affiliated companies design, manufacture and market a
variety of static and dynamic sealing products.  The principal products of
Precision are O-rings, composite gaskets, engineered seals and convoluted boots
and seals that are reinforced with plastic, metal and fabric.  These products
are made from elastomeric and thermoplastic polymers.  The products are used for
a variety of applications that include engines, transmissions, steering pumps
and assemblies, fuel handling, suspension/brake systems, refrigeration and
electronics.  Precision's primary customers are manufacturers of automobiles,
trucks and off-highway vehicles, fluid handling equipment, and aircraft and
aerospace components, and the military.

DISTRIBUTION

      Precision sells its products primarily through a direct sales force to
original equipment manufacturer ("OEM") customers.  Precision also markets its
products throughout the United States through independent distributors and
through Company-operated regional service centers located in California,
Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, North Carolina, Ohio,
Pennsylvania and Texas.  Precision's Canadian operation distributes products
principally through a direct sales force to OEM customers, through independent
distributors and through Precision-operated service centers in Canada and
England.

PRODUCTION

      Precision's manufacturing facilities are located in Arizona, Tennessee,
Texas, Virginia and Ontario, Canada.  Precision's administrative headquarters
are located at the site of its main manufacturing facility in Lebanon,
Tennessee.   Also located in Lebanon, Tennessee are Precision's own tool
production facility and a facility dedicated exclusively to injection molding.
Over the past several years, Precision has made significant investments in
modern computerized production equipment and facilities.  In 1994, Precision
invested approximately $10 million in new production equipment, which expanded
production capacity primarily at Precision's Lebanon, Tennessee and Virginia
facilities.

      The principal raw materials used by Precision are elastomeric and
thermoplastic polymers.  These raw materials generally have been available from
numerous sources in sufficient quantities to meet Precision's requirements.
Adequate supplies of raw materials were available in 1994 and are expected to
continue to be available in 1995.

                                        2

<PAGE>

                          WYNN'S CLIMATE SYSTEMS, INC.
              (AUTOMOTIVE AIR CONDITIONING SYSTEMS AND COMPONENTS)


PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

      Wynn's Climate Systems designs, manufactures and markets automotive air
conditioning systems and components for both automotive OEMs and the automotive
aftermarket.  The components include condensers, evaporator coils, injection-
molded and vacuum-formed plastic parts, steel brackets, adapter kits and hose
and tube assemblies.  In 1994, Wynn's Climate Systems also manufactured and sold
refrigerant recovery and recycling equipment ("A/C-R Equipment").  In January
1995, Wynn's Climate Systems sold substantially all of its inventory of A/C-R
Equipment and will discontinue the manufacture of such equipment after December
1995.  Wynn's Climate Systems also operates seven installation centers that
install air conditioners and accessories for automobile dealers and retail
customers.

DISTRIBUTION

      Wynn's Climate Systems sells its air conditioning components to OEM
customers and distributors.  It sells its air conditioning systems to OEM
customers and their distributors and dealers, and to distributors in the
automotive aftermarket.  During 1994, Wynn's Climate Systems sold its A/C-R
Equipment to end users and distributors.

PRODUCTION

      Wynn's Climate Systems manufactures its products in its 185,000 square
foot facility located in Fort Worth, Texas.  Wynn's Climate Systems manufactures
many of the components that it uses in the production of its air conditioning
systems.  Outside vendors supply certain finished components such as
compressors, accumulators and receiver/dryers.  Adequate supplies of raw
materials and components provided by outside vendors are available at present
and are expected to continue to be available for the foreseeable future.  Wynn's
Climate Systems generally experienced only modest price increases for raw
materials in 1994.


                               SPECIALTY CHEMICALS

     The Specialty Chemicals Division consists of Wynn Oil Company and its
subsidiaries ("Wynn Oil").  During 1994, net sales at Wynn Oil were
$110,867,000, or 38% of the Company's total net sales, as compared to
$98,318,000 and 34% for 1993.  The operating profit of the division during 1994
was $9,564,000, or 34% of the Company's total operating profit, compared with
$7,046,000 and 29% for 1993.  See "Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and "Business Segment and
Geographical Information" on pages 16 through 19 and 29 through 31,
respectively, of the 1994 Annual Report, which are hereby incorporated by
reference.  See also "Other Factors Affecting the Business."


                                        3

<PAGE>

PRODUCTS

      The principal business of Wynn Oil is the development, manufacture and
marketing of a wide variety of specialty chemical car care products under the
WYNN'S and X-TEND trademarks.  Wynn Oil's car care products are formulated to
provide preventive or corrective maintenance for automotive engines,
transmissions, steering systems, fuel delivery systems, differentials, engine
cooling systems and other automotive mechanical parts.  Wynn Oil also
manufactures industrial specialty chemical products, including forging
compounds, lubricants, cutting fluids and multipurpose coolants for precision
metal forming and machining operations.  Wynn Oil also manufactures the patented
DU-ALL antifreeze power drain and fill and recycling machine, which is used in
conjunction with proprietary chemicals to service a vehicle's cooling system and
recycle the used antifreeze.  The DU-ALL system has been approved by General
Motors.  Wynn Oil also sells its WYNN'S EMISSION CONTROL [REGISTERED TRADEMARK]
product, a patented organic fuel combustion catalyst for spark ignition and
diesel engines which helps reduce exhaust emissions and improve fuel economy.

      Wynn Oil also markets the WYNN'S PRODUCT WARRANTY [REGISTERED TRADEMARK]
program, which, in general, are kits containing a specially formulated line of
automotive additive products, accompanied by a special product warranty.  The
warranty kits are sold through distributors and automobile dealers primarily to
purchasers of used automobiles.  The Wynn's Product Warranty program provides
reimbursement of the costs of certain parts and labor and, in some instances,
the costs of towing and a rental car, incurred by vehicle owners who use the
special products to treat their vehicles in accordance with the terms and
conditions of the warranty and who experience certain types of damage which the
special products were designed to help prevent.  See "Other Factors Affecting
the Business."

DISTRIBUTION

      Wynn Oil's car care products are sold in the United States and in
approximately 90 foreign countries.  See "Foreign Operations."

      Wynn Oil distributes its products through a wide range of distribution
channels.  Domestically, Wynn Oil distributes its products through independent
distributors, warehouse distributors, mass merchandisers and chain stores.  The
Company also uses an internal sales force and manufacturers' representative
organizations in the sale and distribution of its products.  Foreign sales are
made principally through wholly-owned subsidiaries, which sell either through an
internal sales force or to independent distributors or through manufacturers'
representative organizations.  The Company also engages in direct export sales
to independent distributors, primarily in Asia and Latin America.  See "Other
Factors Affecting the Business."

PRODUCTION

      Wynn Oil has manufacturing facilities in California and Belgium.  Other
foreign subsidiaries either purchase products directly from the manufacturing
facilities in the United States or Belgium or have the products manufactured
locally by outside suppliers according to Wynn Oil's specifications and

                                        4

<PAGE>

formulae.  Wynn Oil periodically reviews its production and sourcing locations
in light of fluctuating foreign currency rates.

      Wynn Oil utilizes a large number of chemicals in the production of its
various specialty chemical products.  Primary raw materials necessary for the
production of these products, as well as the finished products, generally have
been available from several sources.  An adequate supply of materials was
available in 1994 and is expected to continue to be available for the
foreseeable future.


                                BUILDERS HARDWARE

      The Builders Hardware Division consists of Robert Skeels & Company
("Skeels"), a wholesale distributor of builders hardware products, including
locksets and locksmith supplies.  During 1994, Skeels' net sales were
$5,438,000, or 2% of the Company's total net sales, as compared with $5,161,000
and 2% for 1993.  The operating profit of the division during 1994 was $392,000,
or 1% of the Company's total operating profit, compared with $193,000 and 1% for
1993.  See "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations" and "Business Segment and Geographical Information" on
pages 16 through 19 and 29 through 31, respectively, of the 1994 Annual Report,
which are hereby incorporated by reference.

      Skeels' main facility is located in Compton, California.  In addition,
Skeels also has leased satellite facilities located in Fullerton and Los
Angeles, California.

      Skeels supplies approximately 35,000 items to retail hardware, locksmith
and lumberyard outlets in southern California, Arizona, and Nevada.  Skeels also
sells directly to large institutional customers.  Most of Skeels' sales are
derived from replacement items used by industry, institutions and in-home
remodeling and repair.

      Skeels has been a distributor of Schlage lock products since 1931.  Skeels
also distributes other well-known brands such as Lawrence, Kwikset and Master.
All of Skeels' distributorship arrangements generally are cancelable by the
manufacturers without cause.


                      OTHER FACTORS AFFECTING THE BUSINESS

COMPETITION

      All phases of the Company's business have been and remain highly
competitive.  The Company's products and services compete with those of numerous
companies, some of which have financial resources greater than those of the
Company.  Sales by the Automotive Components Division are in part related to the
sales of vehicles by its OEM customers.

      Precision has a large number of competitors in the market for static and
dynamic sealing products, some of which competitors are substantially larger
than Precision.  The markets in which Precision competes are also sensitive to
changes in price.  Requests for price reductions are not

                                        5

<PAGE>

uncommon.  Precision attempts to work with its customers to identify ways to
lower costs and prices.  Precision focuses on high technology, high quality
sealing devices and has made significant investments in advanced equipment and
other means to raise productivity.  In 1994, Precision invested approximately
$10 million in new production equipment, which expanded its production capacity
primarily at its Lebanon, Tennessee and Virginia facilities.  See "Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations."
Precision's major focus is to be the low cost producer of superior quality
products within its industry.  Precision believes it must expand into additional
areas of sealing technology in order to continue to be an effective competitor.

      Wynn's Climate Systems has a number of competitors that manufacture air
conditioning systems and components, some which are substantially larger than
Wynn's Climate Systems.  Automotive air conditioning manufacturers compete in
the areas of price, service, warranty and product performance.  Wynn's Climate
System's focus is to manufacture high quality products.  Over time there has
been a gradual increase in the number of air conditioning systems installed on
the automotive factory line.  The increase in the number of factory-installed
systems has reduced the size of the market for aftermarket sales.

      Competition with respect to Wynn Oil's specialty chemical products
consists principally of other automotive aftermarket chemical and industrial
fluid companies.  Some major oil companies also market their own additive
products through retail service stations, independent dealers and garages.
Certain national retailers market private label brands of specialty chemical
products.  Wynn Oil's DU-ALL antifreeze recycling equipment and chemicals
compete against other antifreeze recycling processes, some of which also have
been approved by General Motors.  The principal methods of competition vary by
geographic locale and by the relative market share held by the Company compared
to other competitors.

      Skeels continues to face intense price competition from numerous cash-and-
carry discount retailers.  Skeels also has observed some manufacturers selling
directly to retailers to increase volume.

KEY CUSTOMERS

Sales to General Motors constituted approximately 10.3% of the total net sales
of the Company in 1994.

GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS

      The number of governmental rules and regulations affecting the Company's
business and products continues to increase.

      Wynn Oil markets the Wynn's Product Warranty program in approximately
forty-four states and Canada. Questions have been raised by certain state
insurance regulators as to whether the product warranty that accompanies the kit
is in the nature of insurance.  Wynn Oil attempts to resolve these questions to
the satisfaction of each state insurance regulator.  At times, it has elected to
withdraw the Wynn's Product Warranty from certain states.  No assurance can be
given that governmental regulations will not significantly affect the marketing
of the Wynn's Product Warranty in the United States or other countries in the
future.

                                        6

<PAGE>

ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS

      The Company has used various substances in its past and present
manufacturing operations which have been or may be deemed to be hazardous, and
the extent of its potential liability, if any, under applicable environmental
statutes, rules, regulations and case law is unclear.  Under the Comprehensive
Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, as amended ("CERCLA"), a
responsible party may be jointly liable for the entire cost of remediating
contaminated property even if it contributed only a small portion of the total
contamination.  The actual costs to be incurred by the Company for an
environmental matter will depend upon such factors as the nature and extent of
the contamination, the remedial action selected, the cleanup level required,
changes in regulatory requirements, the ability of other responsible parties, if
any, to pay their respective shares, and any insurance recoveries.  At December
31, 1994, the Company had consolidated accrued reserves of approximately $3.4
million relating to environmental matters.  Although the effect of resolution of
environmental matters on results of operations cannot be predicted, the Company
believes, based on information presently known to the Company, that any
liability that may result from environmental matters in excess of accrued
reserves should not materially affect the Company's financial position.  See
Note 11 of "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" on page 28 of the 1994
Annual Report, which is hereby incorporated by reference.  All potentially
significant environmental matters presently known to the Company are described
below.

          (a)  In 1988, the Los Angeles County Department of Health Services
     (the "LADHS") directed Wynn Oil to conduct a site assessment of the Wynn
     Oil manufacturing facility in Azusa, California (the "Azusa Facility").  In
     April 1989, regulatory jurisdiction over this matter was transferred from
     the LADHS to the California Regional Water Quality Control Board-Los
     Angeles Region (the "RWQCB").  In July 1990, Wynn Oil received a general
     notice letter from the United States Environmental Protection Agency (the
     "EPA") stating that it may be a potentially responsible party ("PRP") with
     respect to the San Gabriel Valley, California Superfund Sites regional
     groundwater problem.  The EPA letter included an information request
     pursuant to Section 104(e) of CERCLA to which Wynn Oil responded within the
     specified time period.

          Since October 1989, Wynn Oil and its consultants have been working
     with representatives of the RWQCB to conduct a comprehensive site
     assessment of the Azusa Facility.  In January 1992, at the request of the
     EPA and the RWQCB, Wynn Oil agreed to expand the scope of its investigation
     of the Azusa Facility to include three soil gas monitoring wells and one
     groundwater monitoring well.  The monitoring wells were installed in 1992,
     and the results of ongoing sampling have been reported to the RWQCB.  In
     the fall of 1993, the RWQCB requested Wynn Oil to install a groundwater
     monitoring well located upgradient of the existing Azusa Facility well.
     Wynn Oil reached agreement with another PRP located on an approximately
     upgradient property.  The agreement provided for this PRP to install the
     groundwater monitoring well on its property and for Wynn Oil to share the
     costs of installation.  The well was installed, and the RWQCB has accepted
     this well as meeting its request for Wynn Oil to install a well upgradient
     of the Azusa Facility.  Wynn Oil continues to monitor the well located at
     the Azusa Facility in accordance with RWQCB requirements.

                                        7

<PAGE>

         In March 1994, the EPA issued its Record of Decision ("ROD") with
     respect to the Baldwin Park Operable Unit ("BPOU") of the San Gabriel
     Valley Superfund Sites.  The Azusa Facility is located within the BPOU.  In
     the ROD, the EPA selected an interim groundwater remedial action (the
     "Interim Remedial Action") for the BPOU that is estimated to cost in the
     range of $100 to $120 million.  In April 1994, Wynn Oil joined with
     approximately fifteen other companies, each of which has been identified as
     a PRP in EPA General Notice letters, to form the BPOU Steering Committee
     ("Steering Committee").  During the past year, the Steering Committee has
     been negotiating with several local, state and federal entities regarding
     implementation of the ROD with partial funding from the Metropolitan Water
     District Groundwater Recovery Program and funds from the federal Bureau of
     Reclamation available for conjunctive use projects in the San Gabriel
     Basin.  If agreement is reached among these entities, the PRP costs of
     implementing the ROD reportedly could be reduced to about $35 million.
     There is, however, no assurance that such agreements will be reached.

          In January 1995, the EPA issued "pre-Special Notice" letters to
     sixteen companies, including Wynn Oil, requesting them to install up to ten
     regional monitoring wells and complete other pre-design work needed before
     the remedy can be implemented (the "Pre-Design Work").  In recognition of
     the Steering Committee's commitment to perform the Pre-Design Work, the EPA
     has deferred issuance of Special Notice letters for implementation of the
     ROD until later in 1995.  As of this date, eleven members of the Steering
     Committee, including Wynn Oil, have agreed to fund the costs of the Pre-
     Design Work on an interim basis subject to reallocation among all of the
     PRPs who ultimately share the costs of implementing the ROD.  The estimated
     cost of the Pre-Design Work to be paid by the PRPs is approximately $2
     million.  Wynn Oil's ultimate share of the Interim Remedial Action costs
     cannot be estimated at this time.  The EPA has indicated that it considers
     Wynn Oil to be one of the four largest contributors to the regional
     groundwater problem in the BPOU.  Wynn Oil disagrees with the views
     expressed by the EPA.  Wynn Oil may at some later date elect or be required
     to take specific remedial actions with respect to soils conditions at the
     Azusa Facility.

          (b)  In May 1989, Wynn's Climate Systems received notice that it had
     been identified as a generator of hazardous waste that had been shipped to
     the Chemical Recycling, Inc. ("CRI") site in Wylie, Texas (the "CRI Site")
     for treatment.  CRI was engaged in the business of recycling and reclaiming
     spent solvents and other hazardous wastes at the CRI Site until it ceased
     operations in February 1989.  Wynn's Climate Systems is one of
     approximately 100 hazardous waste generators that have been identified as
     potentially responsible parties for the CRI Site.  A PRP Steering Committee
     (the "Committee") was formed to negotiate with the EPA on behalf of its
     members an agreement to take remedial measures voluntarily at the CRI Site.
     As of March 1995, approximately 88 PRPs, including Wynn's Climate Systems,
     had agreed to participate in the Committee for the CRI Site.  PRPs that
     have agreed to participate in the Committee have signed Consent Agreements
     with the EPA with respect to the CRI Site.  Remediation efforts have begun
     at the CRI Site under the guidance of the Committee.  As of March 1995,
     Wynn's Climate Systems' proportionate share of the total volume of waste
     contributed to the CRI Site by Committee members was approximately two
     tenths of one percent (0.2%).

                                        8

<PAGE>


          (c)  In January 1990, Precision received a letter from the EPA
     regarding the Saad Site in Nashville, Tennessee.  The owner of the Saad
     Site engaged in reclamation and recycling activities at the Site, which
     resulted in soil and groundwater contamination.  The letter stated that
     Precision may be a PRP for the Saad Site.  The EPA subsequently requested
     Precision to furnish information about its involvement with the Saad Site.
     Precision has provided the information requested.  Precision's records
     indicate that a predecessor entity sent wastes to the Saad Site in the mid-
     1970s.  Based on that information, Precision joined the Saad Site Steering
     Committee as a Limited Member.  In February 1992, the Company received a
     letter stating that the Allocation Committee had concluded that Precision
     should become a Full Member of the Steering Committee and thus share
     proportionately in the liability for the cleanup.  Precision responded by
     letter that there was no legal basis to hold it responsible for the
     activities of the predecessor entity.  As of March 15, 1995, the Allocation
     Committee has not responded to Precision's letter.

          (d)  In January 1991, Wynn's Climate Systems received a letter from
     the Texas Natural Resources Conservation Commission (the "TNRCC") alleging
     that soil adjacent to one of its leased manufacturing facilities was
     contaminated with hazardous substances.  The TNRCC directed Wynn's Climate
     Systems to determine the extent of such contamination and then take
     appropriate remedial measures.  Wynn's Climate Systems retained
     environmental consultants to conduct soil sampling and otherwise comply
     with the directive of the TNRCC.  Performance of this work was completed in
     late 1991.  Wynn's Climate Systems submitted a copy of the report of its
     consultants to the TNRCC in February 1992.  In 1994, Wynn's Climate Systems
     received a request from the TNRCC for additional information.  Wynn's
     Climate Systems furnished the requested information to the TNRCC.  Wynn's
     Climate Systems also is voluntarily conducting additional investigation at
     this facility.  Wynn's Climate Systems ceased leasing this facility at the
     end of 1994.

          (e)  In 1992, Precision identified an area at its Lebanon, Tennessee
     facility which contained oil stained soils.  Precision retained outside
     environmental consultants to investigate the nature and extent of the
     contamination.  The soils investigation has been completed and the remedial
     alternatives have been evaluated.  Precision has selected and is in the
     process of implementing the recommended remedial alternative.  Some
     contamination was detected in the shallow groundwater and this phase of the
     remedial investigation is continuing.

          (f)  In February 1992, an inactive subsidiary of the Company received
     a letter from the then lessee (the "Lessee") of a parcel of real property
     in Compton, California formerly leased by the subsidiary.  The letter
     stated that the Lessee had discovered soil contamination at the site and
     asserted that the subsidiary may be liable for the cost of cleanup.  The
     letter stated that the Lessee was investigating the nature and extent of
     the soil contamination.  In July 1993, the Company received a letter from
     the owner of the real property (the "Property Owner") stating that the
     Property Owner had asserted a claim against the Lessee to pay the cost of
     remediation and that the Property Owner may assert a claim against the
     Company.  In February 1995, the Property Owner filed a lawsuit in federal
     court against the Lessee and its principal, the inactive subsidiary, Wynn's
     International, Inc. and Wynn Oil.  The complaint alleges that the
     defendants stored solid and hazardous wastes at the site and that the
     storage devices for the wastes leaked, causing contamination of the soils
     and groundwater.  The complaint seeks relief under CERCLA,

                                        9

<PAGE>

     the Resource Conservation Recovery Act of 1976 and common law, including an
     unspecified amount of damages and an injunction to compel the defendants to
     clean up the property.  The Company does not know the extent of the
     contamination or the estimated cost of cleanup at this site.

FOREIGN CURRENCY FLUCTUATIONS

      In 1994, the United States dollar generally decreased in value compared to
1993 in the currencies of most countries in which the Company does business.
This decrease in the value of the U.S. dollar caused aggregate foreign sales and
operating profit to be translated into higher dollar values than what would have
been reported if exchange rates had remained constant during 1994.  In 1994, the
Equity Adjustment from Foreign Currency Translation account on the Consolidated
Balance Sheet increased by $576,000, which caused a corresponding increase in
Total Stockholders' Equity.  See "Foreign Operations."

PATENTS AND TRADEMARKS

      The Company holds a number of patents and trademarks which are used in the
operation of its businesses.  There is no known challenge to the Company's
rights under any material patents or material trademarks.  In 1989, Wynn Oil
filed a lawsuit in the federal district court in Detroit, Michigan against
another company and its principal stockholder for infringement of Wynn Oil's X-
TEND [REGISTERED TRADEMARK] trademark.  In February 1994, the court awarded Wynn
Oil $2.0 million in damages.  Additionally, in May 1994, the court awarded Wynn
Oil approximately $1.2 million in prejudgment interest and attorneys' fees.
Defendants filed a timely appeal of the District Court ruling to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit, but did not file the required
bond to stay execution of the judgment.  Prior to Wynn Oil executing upon the
defendants' assets, the defendants filed Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings in
late 1994 in Florida.  The bankruptcy filing resulted in an automatic stay of
all pending collection efforts.  Wynn Oil and its counsel are working through
the bankruptcy process to maximize Wynn Oil's ultimate recovery against the
defendants.  See "Legal Proceedings."

SEASONALITY OF THE BUSINESS

      Although sales at the Company's divisions are somewhat seasonal, the
consolidated results of operations generally do not reflect seasonality.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

      Precision maintains research and engineering facilities in Tennessee,
Virginia and Canada.  Research and development is an important aspect of
Precision's business as Precision has developed and continues to develop
numerous specialized compounds to meet the specific needs of its various
customers.  Precision also has technical centers in Tennessee, Virginia and
Canada to construct prototype products and to perform comprehensive testing of
materials and products.  Precision maintains extensive research, development and
engineering facilities to provide outstanding service to its customers.

                                       10

<PAGE>


      Wynn Oil maintains research and product performance centers in California,
Belgium, France and South Africa.  The main activities of the research staff are
the development of new specialty chemicals and other products, improvement of
existing products, including finding new applications for their use, evaluation
of competitive products and performance of quality control procedures.

FOREIGN OPERATIONS

      The following table shows sales to foreign customers for 1994, 1993 and
1992:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                1994               1993               1992
                                            ------------      -------------      -------------
<S>                                          <C>               <C>                <C>
Total Sales Outside the United States:       $99,133,000       $102,907,000       $103,962,000
  Percent of Net Sales                          33.9%              36.1%              35.6%
   Sales by Foreign Subsidiaries             $85,945,000        $92,911,000        $93,866,000
    Percent of Net Sales                        29.4%              32.6%              32.2%
   Export Sales by Domestic Subsidiaries     $13,188,000         $9,996,000        $10,096,000
    Percent of Net Sales                        4.5%                3.5%               3.4%
</TABLE>

     Consolidated operating results are reported in United States dollars.
Because the Company's foreign subsidiaries conduct operations in the currencies
of the countries in which they are based, all financial statements of the
foreign subsidiaries must be translated into United States dollars.  As the
value of the United States dollar increases or decreases relative to these
foreign currencies, the United States dollar value of items on the financial
statements of the foreign subsidiaries is reduced or increased, respectively.
Consequently, changes in dollar sales of the foreign subsidiaries from year to
year are not necessarily indicative of changes in actual sales recorded in local
currency.  See Note 3 and Note 14 of "Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements" on pages 24 and 25, and 29 through 31, respectively, of the 1994
Annual Report, which are hereby incorporated by reference.

      The value of any foreign currency relative to the United States dollar is
affected by a variety of factors.  It is exceedingly difficult to predict what
such value may be at any time in the future.  Consequently, the ability of the
Company to control the impact of foreign currency fluctuations is limited.

      A material portion of the Company's business is conducted outside the
United States.  Consequently, the Company's ability to continue such operations
or maintain their profitability is to some extent subject to control and
regulation by the United States government and foreign governments.

EMPLOYEES

      At December 31, 1994, the Company had 2,052 employees.

      A majority of the production and maintenance employees at the Lebanon,
Tennessee plant of Precision are represented by a local lodge of the
International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers.  The collective
bargaining agreement for this facility will expire in April 1995, at which time

                                       11

<PAGE>

the Company expects to enter into negotiations for a new collective bargaining
agreement for this facility.  The production and maintenance employees at the
Orillia, Ontario, Canada plant of Precision are represented by a local unit of
the United Rubber, Cork, Linoleum and Plastic Workers of America.  The
collective bargaining agreement for the unit will expire in February 1997.

      A majority of the production and maintenance employees at the Lynchburg,
Virginia plant of Dynamic Seals, Inc., an affiliate of Precision, are
represented by a local of the International Chemical Workers Union.  The
collective bargaining agreement for this facility expires in February 1996.

      The Company considers its relations with its employees to be good.


                      EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

      The executive officers of the Company, who are appointed annually, are as
follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                    Executive
                                                                  Officer Since           Age
                                                                -----------------      ---------
<S>                     <C>                                     <C>                    <C>
James Carroll           President and Chief Executive Officer         1988                65

Seymour A. Schlosser    Vice President-Finance and Chief              1989                49
                        Financial Officer

Gregg M. Gibbons        Vice President-Corporate Affairs,             1986                42
                        General Counsel and Secretary
</TABLE>

      The principal occupations of Messrs. Carroll, Schlosser and Gibbons for
the past five years have been their current respective positions with the
Company.  There is no arrangement or understanding between any executive officer
and any other person pursuant to which he was selected as an officer.  There is
no family relationship between any executive officers of the Company.

                                       12

<PAGE>

ITEM 2.   PROPERTIES

      The following is a summary description of the Company's facilities, all of
which the Company believes to be of adequate construction:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                    Square        If Lease,
                                   Held in Fee      Footage        Year of
        Location                   or by Lease   (Approximate)   Termination    Present Use
        --------                   -----------    -----------    -----------    -----------
<S>                                <C>           <C>             <C>            <C>
WYNN'S INTERNATIONAL, INC.

Orange, California                    Lease           6,894         1996        Administrative

AUTOMOTIVE COMPONENTS:

WYNN'S-PRECISION, INC.

  DOMESTIC

  Lebanon, Tennessee                   Fee          140,000          --         Manufacturing,
                                                                                Warehouse,
                                                                                Administrative

  Lebanon, Tennessee                   Fee           78,000          --         Manufacturing

  Lebanon, Tennessee                   Fee           35,000          --         Manufacturing

  Livingston, Tennessee                Fee           33,000          --         Manufacturing,
                                                                                Warehouse

  Tempe, Arizona                       Fee           32,572          --         Manufacturing,
                                                                                Warehouse

  Rancho Cucamonga, California        Lease           2,880         1996        Warehouse

  Elgin, Illinois                     Lease           4,762         1998        Warehouse

  Peoria, Illinois                    Lease          10,000         2000        Warehouse

  Farmington Hills, Michigan          Lease           1,963         1998        Administrative

  Grand Rapids, Michigan              Lease           2,000         1997        Warehouse

  Golden Valley, Minnesota            Lease           3,800         1996        Warehouse

  Charlotte, North Carolina           Lease           3,675         1996        Warehouse

  Buffalo, New York                   Lease           2,340         1995        Warehouse

  Dayton, Ohio                        Lease           6,193         1998        Warehouse
</TABLE>

                                       13

<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                    Square        If Lease,
                                   Held in Fee      Footage        Year of
        Location                   or by Lease   (Approximate)   Termination    Present Use
        --------                   -----------    -----------    -----------    -----------
<S>                                <C>           <C>             <C>            <C>
  Bensalem, Pennsylvania              Lease           2,326         1995        Warehouse

  Indianapolis, Indiana               Lease           1,800         1996        Warehouse

  Fort Worth, Texas                   Lease           3,600         1995        Warehouse

  Lenexa, Kansas                      Lease           2,089         1997        Warehouse


  FOREIGN

  Orillia, Ontario, Canada             Fee           48,000          --         Manufacturing,
                                                                                Warehouse,
                                                                                Administrative

  Concord, Ontario, Canada            Lease           3,455       Month-to-     Warehouse
                                                                    Month

  Edmonton, Alberta, Canada           Lease           2,700         1996        Warehouse

  Richmond, British Columbia,
    Canada                            Lease           3,047         1997        Warehouse

  Calgary, Alberta, Canada            Lease           1,600       Month-to-     Warehouse
                                                                    Month

  Aldershot, England                  Lease           2,300         1995        Warehouse

DYNAMIC SEALS, INC.

  Lynchburg, Virginia                  Fee          101,000          --         Manufacturing,
                                                                                Warehouse,
                                                                                Administrative

  Houston, Texas                      Lease          14,000         1995        Manufacturing,
                                                                                Warehouse,
                                                                                Administrative

  Houston, Texas                      Lease          14,000         1995        Warehouse
</TABLE>


                                       14

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                    Square        If Lease,
                                   Held in Fee      Footage        Year of
        Location                   or by Lease   (Approximate)   Termination    Present Use
        --------                   -----------    -----------    -----------    -----------
<S>                                <C>           <C>             <C>            <C>
WYNN'S CLIMATE SYSTEMS, INC.


  DOMESTIC

   Fort Worth, Texas                   Fee          185,375          --         Manufacturing,
                                                                                Warehouse,
                                                                                Administrative

   Fort Worth, Texas                  Lease         112,724         1995        Warehouse,
                                                                                Administrative

   Madison Heights, Michigan          Lease           1,100         1996        Administrative

   Littleton, Colorado                Lease           4,826         1995        Service Center

   Northglenn, Colorado               Lease           3,840         1995        Service Center

   Colorado Springs, Colorado         Lease           6,600         1997        Service Center

   Phoenix, Arizona                   Lease          15,000         1997        Service Center

   Mesa, Arizona                      Lease           4,400         1996        Service Center

   Glendale, Arizona                  Lease           3,600         1997        Service Center

   Rancho Cucamonga, California       Lease          10,000       Month-to-     Service Center
                                                                    Month

  FOREIGN

   Tamworth, Staffordshire,           Lease          14,000       Month-to-     Manufacturing,
     England                                                        Month       Warehouse,
                                                                                Administrative


SPECIALTY CHEMICALS:

WYNN OIL COMPANY

  DOMESTIC

  Azusa, California                    Fee          122,630          --         Manufacturing,
                                                                                Warehouse,
                                                                                Administrative

  FOREIGN

  Frenchs Forest,
   New South Wales, Australia         Lease          24,224         1995        Warehouse,
                                                                                Administrative
</TABLE>
                                       15


<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                    Square        If Lease,
                                   Held in Fee      Footage        Year of
        Location                   or by Lease   (Approximate)   Termination    Present Use
        --------                   -----------    -----------    -----------    -----------
<S>                                <C>           <C>             <C>            <C>
  Carrington, New South Wales,
    Australia                         Lease          13,175         1996        Warehouse,
                                                                                Administrative

  St. Niklaas, Belgium                 Fee           82,600          --         Manufacturing,
                                                                                Warehouse,
                                                                                Administrative

  Mississauga, Ontario, Canada        Lease          16,894         1996        Warehouse,
                                                                                Administrative

  Mississauga, Ontario, Canada        Lease           2,536         1997        Service Center

  Reading, Berkshire, England         Lease           3,142         2004        Administrative

  Strasbourg, France                  Lease             557         1997        Administrative

  Paris, France                       Lease           8,853         1997        Administrative

  Cestas, France                      Lease          11,405         1999        Warehouse,
                                                                                Administrative

  Lyon, France                        Lease             465         1998        Administrative

  St. Etienne, France                 Lease             929         1996        Administrative

  Abbeville, France                   Lease             929       Month-to-     Administrative
                                                                    Month

  Thiers, France                      Lease             465         1995        Administrative

  Toulouse, France                    Lease             485         1995        Administrative

  Celle, Germany                      Lease           7,209         2002        Warehouse,
                                                                                Administrative

  Mexico City, Mexico                 Lease           3,230         1996        Warehouse,
                                                                                Administrative

  Wynberg, Transvaal, South Africa     Fee           32,280          --         Warehouse,
                                                                                Administrative

  Edenvale, Transvaal, South
    Africa                             Fee           10,921          --         Leased to Third Party

  Arganda del Rey, Madrid, Spain      Lease          11,840       Month-to-     Warehouse
                                                                    Month

  Caracas, Venezuela                  Lease           1,615       Month-to-     Administrative
                                                                    Month
</TABLE>
                                       16

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                    Square        If Lease,
                                   Held in Fee      Footage        Year of
        Location                   or by Lease   (Approximate)   Termination    Present Use
        --------                   -----------    -----------    -----------    -----------
<S>                                <C>           <C>             <C>            <C>


BUILDERS HARDWARE:

ROBERT SKEELS & COMPANY

  Compton, California                  Fee           59,019          --         Warehouse,
                                                                                Administrative

  Fullerton, California               Lease           1,600         1995        Warehouse,
                                                                                Administrative

  Los Angeles, California             Lease           2,836         1995        Warehouse,
                                                                                Administrative
</TABLE>


      The Company believes that all of its operating properties are adequately
maintained, fully utilized and suitable for the purposes for which they are
used.  With respect to those leases expiring in 1995 and 1996, the Company
believes it will be able to renew such leases on acceptable terms or find
suitable, alternative facilities.


ITEM 3.   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

      Various claims and actions, considered normal to Registrant's business,
have been asserted and are pending against Registrant and its subsidiaries.
Registrant believes that such claims and actions should not have any material
adverse effect upon the results of operations or the financial position of
Registrant based on information presently known to Registrant.

      In February 1994, the United States District Court for the Eastern
District of Michigan, Southern Division, in the case of WYNN OIL COMPANY V.
AMERICAN WAY SERVICE CORPORATION AND THOMAS A. WARMUS, Case No. 89-CV-71777-DT,
awarded Wynn Oil the sum of $2,023,645 in damages in an action brought by Wynn
Oil in 1989 asserting trademark infringement by the defendants.  In May 1994,
the court awarded Wynn Oil approximately $1.2 million in prejudgment interest
and attorneys' fees.  Subsequently, the defendants filed a timely appeal to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit, but did not file a bond to
stay execution of the judgment.  Between May and December 1994, Wynn Oil sought
out assets of the defendants to satisfy the judgment.  Prior to Wynn Oil
executing upon the defendants' assets, the defendants filed Chapter 11
bankruptcy proceedings in late 1994 in Florida.  The bankruptcy filing resulted
in an automatic stay of all pending collection efforts.  Wynn Oil and its
counsel are working through the bankruptcy process to maximize Wynn Oil's
ultimate recovery against the defendants.  No portion of this judgment has been
included in the results of operations of the Company and all of Registrant's
costs relating to this case have been expensed as incurred.


                                      17
<PAGE>

ITEM 4.   SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

      There were no matters submitted to a vote of security holders during the
fourth quarter of 1994.

                                     PART II


ITEM 5.   MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

     The information appearing under "Cash Dividends and Common Stock Price Per
Share: 1993-1994" on page 32 of the 1994 Annual Report and "Number of
Stockholders" and "Stock Exchange Listing" on page 33 of the 1994 Annual Report
is hereby incorporated by reference.

     On February 15, 1995, the Board of Directors of Registrant declared a cash
dividend of $0.13 per share payable March 31, 1995 to stockholders of record on
February 27, 1995.

     Under a long-term loan agreement with an insurance company, Registrant's
ability to pay dividends may be restricted under certain circumstances.  At the
present time, Registrant believes that these restrictions will not have an
impact on the declaration of future dividends.

     Registrant currently expects that it will continue to pay dividends in the
future, in amounts per share at least comparable to dividends paid during the
past two years.


ITEM 6.   SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

     Incorporated by reference from page 15 of the 1994 Annual Report.


ITEM 7.   MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
          RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

     Incorporated by reference from the 1994 Annual Report, pages 16 through 19.


ITEM 8.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

     Consolidated financial statements of Registrant at December 31, 1994 and
1993 and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1994
(including unaudited supplementary data) and the report of independent auditors
thereon are incorporated by reference from the 1994 Annual Report, pages 20
through 32.

                                       18

<PAGE>

ITEM 9.   CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
          FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

     Not applicable.


                                    PART III


ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

     The information appearing under "Election of Directors" on pages 4 and 5 of
Registrant's definitive proxy statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders
to be held on May 10, 1995 ("Registrant's 1995 Proxy Statement") is hereby
incorporated by reference.  A list of executive officers of Registrant is
provided in Item 1 of Part I of this report.


ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

     The information appearing under "Board of Directors and Committees of the
Board--Compensation of Directors" and "--Compensation Committee Interlocks and
Insider Participation," and "Executive Compensation" on pages 6 through 10 of
Registrant's 1995 Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated by reference.  The
Report of the Compensation Committee on pages 11 and 12 of Registrant's 1995
Proxy Statement shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference.


ITEM 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

     The information appearing under "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management" on pages 2 and 3 of Registrant's 1995 Proxy Statement is
hereby incorporated by reference.


ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

     The information appearing under "Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions" on page 5 of Registrant's 1995 Proxy Statement is hereby
incorporated by reference.

                                       19

<PAGE>

                                     PART IV

ITEM 14.  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

     (a)  1.   See Index to Financial Statements and Financial Statement
               Schedules Covered By Report of Independent Auditors.

          2.   See Index to Financial Statements and Financial Statement
               Schedules Covered By Report of Independent Auditors.

          3.   See Index to Exhibits.

     (b)  No Reports on Form 8-K were filed by Registrant during the last
          quarter of 1994.

                                       20

<PAGE>

                           WYNN'S INTERNATIONAL, INC.

              INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT
               SCHEDULES COVERED BY REPORT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS

                                  (ITEM 14(a))

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      Page References
                                              --------------------------------
                                               Form 10-K    1994 Annual Report
                                              -----------   ------------------
<S>                                           <C>           <C>

Consolidated Statements of Income for
  each of the three years in the period
  ended December 31, 1994...................                         20

Consolidated Balance Sheets at December
  31, 1994 and 1993.........................                         21

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders'
  Equity for each of the three years in
  the period ended December 31, 1994........                         22

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
  for each of the three years in the
  period ended December 31, 1994............                         23

Notes to Consolidated Financial
  Statements................................                       24 - 32

Consolidated schedule for each of the
  three years in the period ended
  December 31, 1994:
    VIII - Valuation and Qualifying
           Accounts.........................       22
</TABLE>

       All other schedules are omitted since the required information is not
present or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the
schedule, or because the information required is included in the consolidated
financial statements, including the notes thereto.

       The consolidated financial statements listed in the above index, which
are included in the 1994 Annual Report, are hereby incorporated by reference.
With the exceptions of the pages listed in the above index and the items
referred to in Items 1, 5, 6, 7 and 8, the 1994 Annual Report is not deemed to
be filed as part of this report.

                                       21

<PAGE>

                           WYNN'S INTERNATIONAL, INC.

                SCHEDULE VIII - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS



                       THREE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1994


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

  Allowance for
doubtful accounts
  deducted from      Balance at     Charged to
     accounts        beginning       costs and      Deductions      Balance at
    receivable        of year        expenses          (1)         end of year
- -----------------    ----------     -----------   -------------    -----------
<S>                  <C>            <C>           <C>              <C>
1994                 $1,848,000     $   208,000   $   (221,000)    $1,835,000
                     ----------     -----------   -------------    ----------
                     ----------     -----------   -------------    ----------

1993                 $2,644,000     $  (39,000)   $   (757,000)    $1,848,000
                     ----------     -----------   -------------    ----------
                     ----------     -----------   -------------    ----------

1992                 $3,206,000     $1,028,000    $ (1,590,000)    $2,644,000
                     ----------     -----------   -------------    ----------
                     ----------     -----------   -------------    ----------

<FN>
____________________

(1)  Represents accounts written off against the reserve.
</TABLE>

                                       22

<PAGE>

                                POWER OF ATTORNEY

    Each person whose signature appears below hereby authorizes each of James
Carroll, Seymour A. Schlosser and Gregg M. Gibbons as attorney-in-fact to sign
on his behalf, individually and in each capacity stated below, and to file all
amendments and/or supplements to this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

                                   SIGNATURES

    Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on March 28, 1995.

                         WYNN'S INTERNATIONAL, INC.



                         By                   JAMES CARROLL
                            ---------------------------------------------------
                                              James Carroll
                                                 President
                                         Chief Executive Officer


    Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

    Date
    ----



March 28, 1995           By                  WESLEY E. BELLWOOD
                            ---------------------------------------------------
                                             Wesley E. Bellwood
                                            Chairman of the Board




March 28, 1995           By                  JAMES CARROLL
                            ---------------------------------------------------
                                             James Carroll
                                               President
                                        Chief Executive Officer
                                                Director

                                       23

<PAGE>

    Date
    ----


March 28, 1995           By                  SEYMOUR A. SCHLOSSER
                            ---------------------------------------------------
                                             Seymour A. Schlosser
                                            Vice President-Finance
                                           (Principal Financial and
                                              Accounting Officer)




March 28, 1995           By                       BARTON BEEK
                            ---------------------------------------------------
                                                  Barton Beek
                                                    Director




March 28, 1995           By                       JOHN D. BORIE
                            ---------------------------------------------------
                                                  John D. Borie
                                                    Director




March 28, 1995           By                  BRYAN L. HERRMANN
                            ---------------------------------------------------
                                             Bryan L. Herrmann
                                                  Director




March 28, 1995           By                  ROBERT H. HOOD, JR.
                            ---------------------------------------------------
                                             Robert H. Hood, Jr.
                                                  Director




March 28, 1995           By                  RICHARD L. NELSON
                            ---------------------------------------------------
                                             Richard L. Nelson
                                                  Director




March 28, 1995           By                  JAMES D. WOODS
                            ---------------------------------------------------
                                             James D. Woods
                                                Director

                                       24

<PAGE>

                           WYNN'S INTERNATIONAL, INC.

                                INDEX TO EXHIBITS
                                  (Item 14(a))


Exhibit
Number                                  Description
- -------                                 -----------

3.1       Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, of Registrant (incorporated
          herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Registrant's Report on Form 10-K
          for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1987)

3.2       Certificate of Designations of Junior Participating Preferred Stock
          (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Registrant's
          Report on Form 8-K dated March 3, 1989)

3.3       By-Laws, as amended, of Registrant (incorporated herein by reference
          to Exhibit 3.3 to Registrant's Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
          ended December 31, 1993)

4.1       Note Agreement, dated March 5, 1986, between Registrant and
          Metropolitan Life Insurance Company (incorporated herein by reference
          to Exhibit 4.1 to Registrant's Report on Form 8-K dated March 5, 1986)

4.2       Shareholder Rights Agreement, dated as of March 3, 1989, between
          Registrant and First Interstate Bank of California, as Rights Agent
          (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Registrant's Report on
          Form 8-K dated March 3, 1989)

4.3       Amendment No. 1 to Shareholder Rights Agreement, dated June 11, 1990
          (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 28.2 to Registrant's Report on
          Form  8-K dated June 11, 1990)

10.1      Employment Agreement, dated February 15, 1995, between Registrant and
          James Carroll

10.2      Employment Agreement, dated January 1, 1995, between Registrant and
          Gregg M. Gibbons

10.3      Employment Agreement, dated January 1, 1995, between Registrant and
          Seymour A. Schlosser

                                       25

<PAGE>

Exhibit
Number                                  Description
- -------                                 -----------

10.4      Wynn's International, Inc. Amended and Restated 1980 Stock Option and
          Appreciation Rights Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
          4.1 to Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-8, Registration
          No. 2-68157)

10.5      Wynn's International, Inc. Amended and Restated 1982 Incentive Stock
          Option Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to
          Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-8, Registration No. 2-
          68157)

10.6      Wynn's International, Inc. Stock-Based Incentive Award Plan
          (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 28.1 to Registrant's
          Registration Statement on Form S-8, Registration No. 33-30296 and
          Exhibit 28.2 to Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-8,
          Registration No. 33-64090)

10.7      Wynn's International, Inc. 1995 Corporate Management Incentive Plan

10.8      Deferred Compensation Agreement, dated November 30, 1990, between
          Registrant and James Carroll (incorporated herein by reference to
          Exhibit 10.9 to Registrant's Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
          ended December 31, 1990)

10.9      Deferred Compensation Agreement, dated February 15, 1993, between
          Registrant and James Carroll (incorporated herein by reference to
          Exhibit 10.11 to Registrant's Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
          ended December 31, 1992)

10.10     Deferred Compensation Agreement, dated April 23, 1993, between
          Registrant and James Carroll (incorporated herein by reference to
          Exhibit 10.10 to Registrant's Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
          ended December 31, 1993)

10.11     Deferred Compensation Agreement, dated August 5, 1994, between
          Registrant and James Carroll

10.12     Form of Indemnification Agreement between Registrant and a director of
          Registrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to
          Registrant's Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
          31, 1993)

10.13     Wynn's International, Inc. Non-Employee Directors' Stock Option Plan
          (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit C of Registrant's
          Definitive Proxy Statement relating to its Annual Meeting of
          Stockholders held on May 11, 1994, filed with the Commission on March
          25, 1994)

                                       26
<PAGE>

Exhibit
Number                                  Description
- -------                                 -----------

11        Computation of Net Income Per Common Share - Primary and Assuming Full
          Dilution

13        Portions of Registrant's Annual Report to Stockholders for the fiscal
          year ended December 31, 1994 that have been expressly incorporated by
          reference as a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K

21        Subsidiaries of Registrant

23        Consent of Independent Auditors

27        Financial Data Schedule

                                       27

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.1


                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT


     THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is made and entered into as of
the 15th day of February, 1995, by and between WYNN'S INTERNATIONAL, INC., a
Delaware corporation with its principal offices in Orange, California
("Corporation"), and JAMES CARROLL, an individual residing in Lebanon, Tennessee
("Executive").

                              W I T N E S S E T H :

     WHEREAS, Executive presently serves as President and Chief Executive
Officer of Corporation pursuant to an employment agreement dated December 16,
1992 between Corporation and Executive (the "Prior Employment Agreement"); and

     WHEREAS, Corporation desires to continue to retain the services of
Executive, whose experience, knowledge and abilities with respect to the
business and affairs of Corporation and its subsidiaries are extremely valuable
to Corporation; and

     WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of Corporation (the "Board of Directors")
and the Compensation Committee (the "Committee") of the Board of Directors
recognize that the continuing possibility of an unsolicited tender offer or
other takeover bid for Corporation is unsettling to Executive and other senior
executives of Corporation and, therefore, to enhance the value of Corporation
for the benefit of its stockholders, desire to make arrangements to help assure
the continuing dedication by Executive to Executive's duties to Corporation,
notwithstanding the occurrence of a tender offer or takeover bid; and

<PAGE>

     WHEREAS, in particular, the Board of Directors and the Committee believe it
is important, should Corporation receive proposals from third parties with
respect to its future, to enable Executive, without being influenced by the
uncertainties of Executive's own situation, to assess and advise the Board of
Directors whether such proposals would be in the best interests of Corporation
and its stockholders, and to take such other action regarding such proposals as
the Board of Directors might determine to be appropriate; and

     WHEREAS, the Board of Directors and the Committee also wish to demonstrate
to Executive and other senior executives of Corporation that Corporation is
concerned with the welfare of its executives and intends to see that loyal
executives are treated fairly; and

     WHEREAS, in view of the foregoing and in further consideration of
Executive's employment with Corporation, the Board of Directors and the
Committee have determined that it is in the best interests of Corporation and
its stockholders for Corporation to agree to pay Executive termination
compensation in the event Executive should leave the employ of Corporation under
certain circumstances;

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual agreements
and promises of the parties set forth below, the parties hereby agree as
follows:

     1.   DUTIES.

          (a)  Corporation hereby continues to employ Executive as President and
     Chief Executive Officer of Corporation during the term of this Agreement,

                                        2

<PAGE>

     with powers and duties consistent with such positions.  Executive, during
     the term of this Agreement, shall perform such additional or different
     duties, and accept the election or appointment to such other offices or
     positions, as may be mutually agreeable to Executive and the Board of
     Directors.  Executive agrees to serve in such executive offices and
     directorships in other subsidiaries or affiliated companies of Corporation
     as he may be requested to do throughout the term of this Agreement without
     additional fixed compensation.

          (b)  Executive shall be employed at Corporation's headquarters in
     Orange County, California, and shall devote substantially his full time and
     efforts to perform his duties faithfully, diligently and to the best of his
     ability to advance the interests of Corporation; subject, however, to
     reasonable working hours, conditions and vacations as are consistent with
     his position and with due regard to the preservation of his good health.
     Nothing herein shall be deemed to preclude or prohibit Executive from
     performing during regular business hours services within the business and
     civic community which are customary for persons in similar capacities,
     including, without limitation, serving on boards of other companies,
     advisory groups, committees and panels, but only in furtherance of and not
     to the detriment of his principal duties hereunder.  Further, Corporation
     shall give Executive a reasonable opportunity to perform his duties and
     shall not expect Executive to devote more time hereunder, nor assign duties
     or functions to Executive, other than as may be customary and reasonable
     for an executive in Executive's position.

     2.   COMPENSATION.

          (a)  Effective as of January 1, 1995, and during the entire term of
     this

                                        3

<PAGE>

     Agreement, Corporation shall pay to Executive an annual salary of not less
     than Four Hundred Seventy-Five Thousand Dollars ($475,000.00), payable in
     equal installments on Corporation's regular payroll dates, for any and all
     services which Executive may render to Corporation.

          (b)  The Board of Directors annually shall review the amount of
     Executive's salary, and shall, when the Board of Directors in its sole
     judgment deems it appropriate, make adjustments in the amount of such
     salary.  Any such adjustments shall take effect on the date established by
     the Board of Directors.  Nothing herein shall be construed to authorize or
     empower any reduction of Executive's salary below his then current rate of
     salary by the Board of Directors or otherwise during the term of this
     Agreement.  The Committee, in accordance with customary policy, shall make
     such recommendations to the Board of Directors as it believes are
     appropriate with respect to salary adjustments hereunder.

     3.   EXPENSES.  Corporation will reimburse Executive for all usual,
reasonable and necessary expenses paid or incurred by him in the performance of
his duties hereunder, subject to the right of Corporation at any time to place
reasonable limitations on expenses thereafter to be incurred or reimbursed.

     4.   EMPLOYEE BENEFITS.  Executive shall be entitled to and shall receive
all other benefits of employment generally available to other executives of
Corporation, including, among other things, participation in any hospital,
surgical, medical or other group health and accident benefit plans, life
insurance benefits, and Corporation's annual vacation plan.  In addition,
Executive will be entitled to participate in all incentive compensation, stock
option, profit sharing, pension, retirement or bonus plans as from

                                        4

<PAGE>

time to time may be in existence during the term of this Agreement in accordance
with their respective terms and provisions, but, to the extent participation or
the amount of participation is at the discretion of the Board of Directors or
any committee thereof, then Executive's participation shall likewise be solely
subject to such discretion.

     5.   TERM AND TERMINATION.

          (a)  The term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof and
     shall terminate upon the first to occur of the following events:

               (i)    December 31, 1997 (the "Last Day of the Stated Term");

               (ii)   The death or permanent disability of Executive;

               (iii)  The 30th day following written notice from Corporation to
          Executive to the effect that Executive is terminated without Cause; or

               (iv)   Executive is discharged for Cause.

          (b)  If Executive dies or becomes permanently disabled during the term
     of this Agreement, this Agreement shall terminate on the last day of the
     month during which his death or permanent disability, as the case may be,
     occurred.  Commencing thirty (30) days after the date of such termination,
     there shall be paid to Executive or Executive's representative in the event
     of permanent disability, or to his executor or estate in the event of
     death, an amount equal to one year of Executive's then current salary,
     payable in twelve (12) equal monthly installments.  If Executive is absent
     from employment or unable to render services

                                        5

<PAGE>

     hereunder on a full-time basis by reason of physical or mental illness or
     disability for six (6) months or more in the aggregate in any twelve (12)
     month period during the term of this Agreement, Executive shall be
     considered permanently disabled.

          (c)  If Corporation should terminate this Agreement pursuant to
     Section 5(a)(iii):

               (i)    Executive shall immediately cease to be President and
          Chief Executive Officer of Corporation, and such other office or
          position Executive then holds, and if requested by a majority of the
          Board of Directors of Corporation, shall immediately resign from the
          Board of Directors and from any of the Boards of Directors of any of
          Corporation's subsidiaries of which Executive may be a member.

               (ii)   Corporation shall be obligated and shall continue to pay
          Executive an amount equal to his then current salary but at a rate of
          not less than Four Hundred Seventy-Five Thousand Dollars ($475,000.00)
          per annum from the date of such termination until the Last Day of the
          Stated Term.  Such payments shall be made in installments payable as
          provided in Section 2(a) hereof.  Corporation also immediately shall
          pay Executive in a lump sum an amount equal to the amount of the
          remaining unpaid portion of any yearly incentive compensation award,
          and the amount, if any, of any forfeiture of Executive's interest in
          any profit sharing plan in which Executive is a participant.

               (iii)  For the purposes of participation in any hospital,
          surgical,

                                        6

<PAGE>

          medical or other group health and accident insurance and group life
          insurance plans maintained by Corporation, Executive shall continue to
          be an employee of Corporation through the Last Day of the Stated Term.
          Except for such purposes, unless the Board of Directors otherwise
          determines by resolution, Executive shall not continue to be an
          employee of Corporation for any other purposes and shall not be
          entitled to continue to participate in any retirement plan or 401(k)
          plan of Corporation, including the Wynn's-Precision, Inc. Salaried
          Employees Pension Plan (the "Precision Plan"), or in any other plans,
          programs and benefits of Corporation; provided, however, nothing
          herein shall preclude Executive from any vested rights or benefits he
          may have in such plans on the effective date of termination.  If a
          contrary determination is made by the Board of Directors, the duties
          of Executive shall be only as mutually agreed upon by Executive and
          Corporation, and may be refused by Executive without penalty
          hereunder.

               (iv)   All stock options granted to Executive prior to the date
          of this Agreement under any stock option plan of Corporation (other
          than Corporation's Employee Stock Purchase Plan), notwithstanding the
          provisions of any stock option plan or agreement, shall vest
          immediately and become exercisable by Executive unless the
          acceleration of the exercisability of the option would violate Rule
          16b-3(c)(1) as promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission
          in which event the options shall vest and become exercisable on the
          day after the holding period specified in Rule 16b-3(c)(1) is
          satisfied.  Nothing herein shall otherwise affect the obligations of
          Corporation or Executive under the terms of such stock option
          agreement, which, except for the provisions hereof, shall be

                                        7

<PAGE>

          otherwise enforceable in accordance with its terms.

               (v)    Any benefits of indemnification provided by the By-Laws of
          Corporation or in any Indemnification Agreement between Corporation
          and Executive shall be continued for the benefit of Executive, and any
          officers' and directors' liability insurance which may be maintained
          by Corporation and outstanding on the date of termination shall be
          continued for the benefit of Executive for such reasonable period of
          time as may be determined by the Board of Directors to afford
          protection to Executive.

          (d)  Corporation agrees that its obligations for the continuation of
     Executive's salary and other benefits in accordance with Sections 5(c)(ii)
     through 5(c)(v) above shall be absolute and unconditional, and the amounts
     due under Sections 5(c)(ii) and 5(c)(iii) above or Section 15 shall not be
     subject to offset, reduction or mitigation for any reason whatsoever;
     provided, however, that if Executive should breach any other provision of
     this Agreement while he is receiving benefits pursuant to Sections 5(c)(ii)
     through 5(c)(v) above, all obligations of Corporation hereunder shall cease
     effective on the actual date of such breach.

          (e)  "Cause" as used in this Section 5 shall mean only gross
     negligence, dishonesty, incompetence, a willful breach of this Agreement,
     or violation of any reasonable rule or regulation of the Board of
     Directors, the violation of which results in significant damage to
     Corporation and with respect to which, except in the case of incompetence
     or dishonesty, Executive fails to correct or make reasonable efforts to
     correct within a reasonable time after receipt of written notice thereof.
     "Cause" shall be determined only by the affirmative vote of a

                                        8

<PAGE>

     majority of the authorized number of the Board of Directors (excluding, for
     this purpose, Executive) at a meeting for which notice has been given that
     it is proposed to consider the issue of "Cause" or at a meeting occurring
     not less than seven (7) days after a meeting at which one or more directors
     indicate an intention to present a motion to such effect.

          (f)  If Corporation should terminate this Agreement pursuant to
     Section 5(a)(iv), this Agreement shall terminate immediately or at such
     later date as shall be designated by the Board of Directors and all of
     Executive's rights hereunder shall terminate effective upon such
     termination.  Except as otherwise specified in any notice of termination,
     Executive shall not continue thereafter to be an employee of Corporation
     for any purpose and all rights Executive might thereafter have as an
     employee pursuant to any plan or understanding shall cease.

     6.   CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.  Executive agrees that he will not at any
time, both during and after the term of this Agreement, divulge, furnish or make
accessible to any party (except to an entity which shall succeed to the business
of Corporation or its subsidiaries, and except as may be required in the conduct
of the regular course of business of Corporation or its subsidiaries, or as
specifically authorized by the Board of Directors or as may be required by law)
any trade secrets, patents, patent applications, inventions or customers of
Corporation or of any subsidiary of Corporation until such time as such
information has been disclosed to the public otherwise than by Executive.

                                        9

<PAGE>

     7.   RESTRICTIVE COVENANT DURING TERM.  Executive agrees that until the
Last Day of the Stated Term, he will neither directly nor indirectly engage in a
business competing with any of the businesses conducted by Corporation or any of
its subsidiaries, nor without the prior written consent of the Board of
Directors, directly or indirectly, have any interest in, own, manage, operate,
control, be connected with as a stockholder, joint venturer, officer, employee,
partner or consultant, or otherwise engage, invest or participate in any
business which shall be competitive with any of the businesses conducted by
Corporation, or by any subsidiary of Corporation; provided, however, nothing
contained in this Section 7 shall prevent Executive from investing or trading in
stocks, bonds, commodities, securities, real estate, or other forms of
investment for his own benefit (directly or indirectly), so long as such
investment activities do not significantly interfere with Executive's services
to be rendered hereunder and, to the extent that such investment activities
would, but for this proviso, be prohibited hereby, would not be material either
to Executive or the concern in which such investment is made.

     8.   APPROVAL BY CORPORATION.  This Agreement has been approved by the
Board of Directors in accordance with the authority granted and restrictions
imposed by action of the Board of Directors.  It shall be executed by the Vice
President-Corporate Affairs or other duly qualified officer.

     9.   WAIVER OR MODIFICATION.  Any waiver, alteration or modification of any
of the provisions of this Agreement or cancellation or replacement of this
Agreement shall not be valid unless made in writing and signed by the parties
hereto.

     10.  CONSTRUCTION.  Except as to matters of internal corporate policy and
regulation, which shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware (the
state of

                                       10

<PAGE>

incorporation of Corporation), this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of
the State of California.  If any litigation shall occur between Executive and
Corporation which litigation arises out of or as a result of this Agreement or
the acts of the parties hereto pursuant to this Agreement, or which seeks an
interpretation of this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to
recover all costs and expenses of such litigation, including reasonable
attorneys' fees and costs.

     11.  BINDING EFFECT.

          (a)  The rights and obligations of Corporation under this Agreement
     shall be binding upon any successor or assigns of Corporation.  In the
     event of any consolidation or merger of Corporation into or with another
     corporation, such other corporation shall assume this Agreement and shall
     become obligated to perform all of the terms and conditions hereof, and
     Executive's obligations hereunder shall continue in favor of such other
     corporation.

          (b)  If Corporation shall adopt a plan of liquidation or be or become
     a party to any action which has the substantive effect of finally
     terminating its business and affairs, all sums which would have been
     payable to Executive during the remaining term of this Agreement (assuming
     the continuation of Executive's then salary through the Last Day of the
     Stated Term) shall become due and payable to Executive not later than the
     effective date of such plan or action, except in the case of a liquidation
     of Corporation into an acquiring company or subsidiary of such acquiring
     company after a consolidation or merger of Corporation into or with another
     corporation, and the rights and obligations of Corporation under this
     Agreement are expressly assumed by the acquiring company as part of the
     plan of liquidation.

                                       11

<PAGE>

          (c)  This Agreement supersedes all prior and contemporaneous
     agreements, amendments, memoranda or understandings, express or implied and
     written or oral, between Corporation and Executive.

     12.  WAIVER.  Waiver by either party of a breach of any provision of this
Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach
of any other provision of this Agreement.

     13.  COUNTERPARTS.  This Agreement may be executed in any number of
identical counterparts, each of which shall be construed as an original for all
purposes, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same
Agreement.

     14.  NOTICES.  Any notice required or permitted to be given under this
Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to be effective (i) upon
receipt if delivered in person, (ii) upon receipt if sent by registered or
certified United States mail, return receipt requested and postage and fees
prepaid, to the addresses of the parties set forth below, or such other address
as shall be furnished by notice hereunder by any such party or (iii) twenty-four
hours after having been sent by Federal Express or other overnight delivery
service to such address:

          Corporation:   500 North State College Boulevard
                         Suite 700
                         Orange, California 92668

          Executive:     P.O. Box 14143
                         Orange, California 92613

No failure or refusal to accept delivery of any envelope containing such notice
shall affect the validity of such notice or the giving thereof.

                                       12

<PAGE>

     15.  TERMINATION AFTER CHANGE IN CONTROL.

          (a)  Cumulative to any other provision of the Employment Agreement,
     if, within two years after a change in control of Corporation, Executive's
     employment with Corporation terminates for any reason, either voluntarily
     or involuntarily, other than by death, permanent disability or retirement
     at or after Executive's normal retirement date under the Precision Plan,
     Corporation promptly will pay Executive, upon Executive's request, as
     termination compensation, a lump sum amount, determined as provided in
     subsection (b) of this Section 15, and such other amounts as are provided
     in subsection (c) of this Section 15.  For purposes of this Section, a
     "change in control of Corporation" shall mean a change in control of a
     nature that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of
     Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A promulgated under the Securities Exchange
     Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"); provided that, without
     limitation, such a change in control of Corporation shall be deemed to have
     occurred if (i) any "person" (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and
     14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act) is or becomes the beneficial owner, directly
     or indirectly, of securities of Corporation representing 40% or more of the
     combined voting power of Corporation's then outstanding securities; or (ii)
     during any period of two consecutive years, individuals who at the
     beginning of such period constitute the Board of Directors of Corporation
     cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority thereof unless the
     election of each new director was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds
     of the directors then still in office who were directors at the beginning
     of the period.

          (b)  The lump sum compensation payable to Executive (the "Severance

                                       13

<PAGE>

     Payment") shall be equal to the average annual compensation (including
     salary and bonuses under the Corporate Management Incentive Compensation
     Plan or any predecessor or successor annual incentive compensation plan)
     paid or payable by Corporation to Executive during the five most recent
     calendar years ending before the date of the change in control of
     Corporation (the "Base Amount") multiplied by 2.99; provided, however, if
     Executive voluntarily terminates his employment with Corporation, except
     after (i) any material adverse change in Executive's duties, location of
     employment or benefits, or (ii) any material adverse change to Executive in
     the application of the formula of the Corporate Management Incentive
     Compensation Plan or any modification in Corporation's accounting methods
     or practices materially adverse to Executive, including the assessment of a
     management fee, then the Severance Payment shall be equal to the highest
     annual compensation (including salary and bonuses under the Corporate
     Management Incentive Compensation Plan or any successor annual incentive
     compensation plan) paid or payable by Corporation to Executive for services
     rendered in any one of the three calendar years ending with the year of
     such termination.

          (c)  In addition, if Executive's employment with Corporation so
     terminates within two (2) years after such a change in control of
     Corporation:

               (i)    any bonus awards previously made to Executive and not
          previously paid immediately shall vest upon such termination and shall
          be paid;

               (ii)   Executive's participation in, and terminating
          distributions and vested rights under, any applicable retirement plan,
          profit sharing

                                       14

<PAGE>

          plan, deferred compensation plan or arrangement and stock incentive
          plan of Corporation or any of its subsidiaries shall be governed by
          the terms of those respective plans; and

               (iii)  In the event of termination of employment under the
          circumstances described in subsection (a) of this Section 15, the
          arrangements provided for by this Section 15, by any stock option or
          other agreement between Corporation and Executive in effect at the
          time and by any other applicable plan of Corporation shall constitute
          the entire obligation of Corporation to Executive and performance
          thereof shall constitute full settlement of any claim that Executive
          might otherwise assert against Corporation on account of such
          termination, provided, however, that this provision and this Agreement
          shall have no impact on the obligations of Corporation under that
          certain Indemnification Agreement dated August 4, 1993 between
          Corporation and Executive.

          (d)  Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary,
     in the event that any payment or benefit received or to be received by
     Executive in connection with a change in control of Corporation or the
     termination of Executive's employment, whether payable pursuant to the
     terms of this Agreement or any other plan, arrangement or agreement with
     Corporation (collectively the "Total Payments"), would not be deductible
     (in whole or part) as a result of Section 280G of the Code, the Severance
     Payment shall be reduced until no portion of the Total Payments is not
     deductible as a result of Section 280G of the Code, or the Severance
     Payment is reduced to zero.  For purposes of this limitation, (i) no
     portion of the Total Payments, the receipt or enjoyment of which Executive
     shall have effectively waived in writing prior to the date of payment of

                                       15

<PAGE>

     the Severance Payment, shall be taken into account, (ii) no portion of the
     Total Payments shall be taken into account which, in the opinion of tax
     counsel selected by Corporation's independent auditors and acceptable to
     Executive, does not constitute a "parachute payment" within the meaning of
     Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code, (iii) the Severance Payment shall be
     reduced only to the extent necessary so that the Total Payments (excluding
     payments referred to in clause (i) or (ii)) in their entirety constitute
     reasonable compensation for services actually rendered within the meaning
     of Section 280G(b)(4) of the Code, in the opinion of the tax counsel
     referred to in clause (ii); and (iv) the value of any non-cash benefit or
     any deferred payment or benefit included in the Total Payments shall be
     determined by Corporation's independent auditors in accordance with the
     principles of Sections 280G(d)(3) and (4) of the Code.

     16.  CANCELLATION OF PRIOR EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT.  Corporation and Executive
agree that the Prior Employment Agreement hereby is canceled as of the date
hereof and shall be of no further force and effect.


                                       16

<PAGE>

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of
the day and year first above written.

                                        CORPORATION:

                                        WYNN'S INTERNATIONAL, INC.


                                        By        GREGG M. GIBBONS
                                           ------------------------------------
                                           Gregg M. Gibbons
                                           Vice President-Corporate Affairs,
                                           General Counsel and Secretary



                                        EXECUTIVE:


                                        JAMES CARROLL
                                        ---------------------------------------
                                        James Carroll


                                       17

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.2

                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

     THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is made and entered into as of
the 1st day of January, 1995, by and between WYNN'S INTERNATIONAL, INC., a
Delaware corporation with its principal offices in Orange, California
("Corporation"), and GREGG M. GIBBONS, an individual residing in Anaheim,
California ("Executive").

                              W I T N E S S E T H :

     WHEREAS, Executive presently serves as Vice President-Corporate Affairs,
General Counsel and Secretary of Corporation pursuant to an employment agreement
dated December 16, 1992 between Corporation and Executive (the "Prior Employment
Agreement"); and

     WHEREAS, Corporation desires to continue to retain the services of
Executive, whose experience, knowledge and abilities with respect to the
business and affairs of Corporation and its subsidiaries are extremely valuable
to Corporation; and

     WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of Corporation (the "Board of Directors")
and the Compensation Committee (the "Committee") of the Board of Directors
recognize that the continuing possibility of an unsolicited tender offer or
other takeover bid for Corporation is unsettling to Executive and other senior
executives of Corporation and, therefore, to enhance the value of Corporation
for the benefit of its stockholders, desire to make arrangements to help assure
the continuing dedication by Executive to Executive's duties to Corporation,
notwithstanding the occurrence of a tender offer or takeover bid; and

<PAGE>

     WHEREAS, in particular, the Board of Directors and the Committee believe it
is important, should Corporation receive proposals from third parties with
respect to its future, to enable Executive, without being influenced by the
uncertainties of Executive's own situation, to assess and advise the Board of
Directors whether such proposals would be in the best interests of Corporation
and its stockholders, and to take such other action regarding such proposals as
the Board of Directors might determine to be appropriate; and

     WHEREAS, the Board of Directors and the Committee also wish to demonstrate
to Executive and other senior executives of Corporation that Corporation is
concerned with the welfare of its executives and intends to see that loyal
executives are treated fairly; and

     WHEREAS, in view of the foregoing and in further consideration of
Executive's employment with Corporation, the Board of Directors and the
Committee have determined that it is in the best interests of Corporation and
its stockholders for Corporation to agree to pay Executive termination
compensation in the event Executive should leave the employ of Corporation under
certain circumstances;

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual agreements
and promises of the parties set forth below, the parties hereby agree as
follows:

     1.   DUTIES.

          (a)  Corporation hereby continues to employ Executive as Vice

                                        2

<PAGE>

     President-Corporate Affairs, General Counsel and Secretary of Corporation
     during the term of this Agreement, with powers and duties consistent with
     such positions.  Executive, during the term of this Agreement, shall
     perform such additional or different duties, and accept the election or
     appointment to such other offices or positions, as may be mutually
     agreeable to Executive and the Board of Directors.  Executive agrees to
     serve in such executive offices and directorships in other subsidiaries or
     affiliated companies of Corporation as he may be requested to do throughout
     the term of this Agreement without additional fixed compensation.

          (b)  Executive shall be employed at Corporation's headquarters in
     Orange County, California, and shall devote substantially his full time and
     efforts to perform his duties faithfully, diligently and to the best of his
     ability to advance the interests of Corporation; subject, however, to
     reasonable working hours, conditions and vacations as are consistent with
     his position and with due regard to the preservation of his good health.
     Nothing herein shall be deemed to preclude or prohibit Executive from
     performing during regular business hours services within the business and
     civic community which are customary for persons in similar capacities,
     including, without limitation, serving on boards of other companies,
     advisory groups, committees and panels, but only in furtherance of and not
     to the detriment of his principal duties hereunder.  Further, Corporation
     shall give Executive a reasonable opportunity to perform his duties and
     shall not expect Executive to devote more time hereunder, nor assign duties
     or functions to Executive, other than as may be customary and reasonable
     for an executive in Executive's position.

                                        3

<PAGE>

     2.   COMPENSATION.

          (a)  Effective as of January 1, 1995, and during the entire term of
     this Agreement, Corporation shall pay to Executive an annual salary of not
     less than One Hundred Ninety-Five Thousand Dollars ($195,000.00), payable
     in equal installments on Corporation's regular payroll dates, for any and
     all services which Executive may render to Corporation.

          (b)  The Board of Directors annually shall review the amount of
     Executive's salary, and shall, when the Board of Directors in its sole
     judgment deems it appropriate, make adjustments in the amount of such
     salary.  Any such adjustments shall take effect on the date established by
     the Board of Directors.  Nothing herein shall be construed to authorize or
     empower any reduction of Executive's salary below his then current rate of
     salary by the Board of Directors or otherwise during the term of this
     Agreement.  The Committee, in accordance with customary policy, shall make
     such recommendations to the Board of Directors as it believes are
     appropriate with respect to salary adjustments hereunder.

     3.   EXPENSES.  Corporation will reimburse Executive for all usual,
reasonable and necessary expenses paid or incurred by him in the performance of
his duties hereunder, subject to the right of Corporation at any time to place
reasonable limitations on expenses thereafter to be incurred or reimbursed.

     4.   EMPLOYEE BENEFITS.  Executive shall be entitled to and shall receive
all other benefits of employment generally available to other executives of
Corporation, including, among other things, participation in any hospital,
surgical, medical or other

                                        4

<PAGE>

group health and accident benefit plans, life insurance benefits, and
Corporation's annual vacation plan.  In addition, Executive will be entitled to
participate in all incentive compensation, stock option, profit sharing,
pension, retirement or bonus plans as from time to time may be in existence
during the term of this Agreement in accordance with their respective terms and
provisions, but, to the extent participation or the amount of participation is
at the discretion of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof, then
Executive's participation shall likewise be solely subject to such discretion.

     5.   TERM AND TERMINATION.

          (a)  The term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof and
     shall terminate upon the first to occur of the following events:

               (i)    December 31, 1997 (the "Last Day of the Stated Term");

               (ii)   The death or permanent disability of Executive;

               (iii)  The 30th day following written notice from Corporation to
          Executive; or

               (iv)   Executive is discharged for Cause.

          (b)  If Executive dies or becomes permanently disabled during the term
     of this Agreement, this Agreement shall terminate on the last day of the
     month during which his death or permanent disability, as the case may be,
     occurred.  Commencing thirty (30) days after the date of such termination,
     there shall be paid to Executive or Executive's representative in the event
     of permanent

                                        5

<PAGE>

     disability, or to his executor or estate in the event of death, an amount
     equal to one year of Executive's then current salary, payable in twelve
     (12) equal monthly installments.  If Executive is absent from employment or
     unable to render services hereunder on a full-time basis by reason of
     physical or mental illness or disability for six (6) months or more in the
     aggregate in any twelve (12) month period during the term of this
     Agreement, Executive shall be considered permanently disabled.

          (c)  If Corporation should terminate this Agreement pursuant to
     Section 5(a)(iii):

               (i)    Executive shall immediately cease to be Vice President-
          Corporate Affairs, General Counsel and Secretary of Corporation, and
          such other office or position Executive then holds, and if requested
          by a majority of the Board of Directors of Corporation, shall
          immediately resign from the Board of Directors and from any of the
          Boards of Directors of any of Corporation's subsidiaries of which
          Executive may be a member.

               (ii)   Corporation shall be obligated and shall continue to pay
          Executive an amount equal to his then current salary but at a rate of
          not less than One Hundred Ninety-Five Thousand Dollars ($195,000.00)
          per annum from the date of such termination until the Last Day of the
          Stated Term.  Such payments shall be made in installments payable as
          provided in Section 2(a) hereof.  Corporation also immediately shall
          pay Executive in a lump sum an amount equal to the amount of the
          remaining unpaid portion of any yearly incentive compensation award,
          and the amount, if

                                        6

<PAGE>

          any, of any forfeiture of Executive's interest in any profit sharing
          plan in which Executive is a participant.

               (iii)  For the purposes of participation in any hospital,
          surgical, medical or other group health and accident insurance and
          group life insurance plans maintained by Corporation, Executive shall
          continue to be an employee of Corporation through the Last Day of the
          Stated Term.  Except for such purposes, unless the Board of Directors
          otherwise determines by resolution, Executive shall not continue to be
          an employee of Corporation for any other purposes and shall not be
          entitled to continue to participate in Corporation's Retirement Plan
          or 401(k) Plan, or in any other plans, programs and benefits of
          Corporation; provided, however, nothing herein shall preclude
          Executive from any vested rights or benefits he may have in such plans
          on the effective date of termination.  If a contrary determination is
          made by the Board of Directors, the duties of Executive shall be only
          as mutually agreed upon by Executive and Corporation, and may be
          refused by Executive without penalty hereunder.

               (iv)   If termination shall be without Cause under Section
          5(a)(iii), all stock options granted to Executive prior to the date of
          this Agreement under any stock option plan of Corporation (other than
          Corporation's Employee Stock Purchase Plan), notwithstanding the
          provisions of any stock option plan or agreement, shall vest
          immediately and become exercisable by Executive unless the
          acceleration of the exercisability of the option would violate Rule
          16b-3(c)(1) as promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission
          in which event the options shall vest and become exercisable on the
          day after the holding period

                                        7

<PAGE>

          specified in Rule 16b-3(c)(1) is satisfied.  Nothing herein shall
          otherwise affect the obligations of Corporation or Executive under the
          terms of such stock option agreement, which, except for the provisions
          hereof, shall be otherwise enforceable in accordance with its terms.

               (v)    Any benefits of indemnification provided by the By-Laws of
          Corporation or in any Indemnification Agreement between Corporation
          and Executive shall be continued for the benefit of Executive, and any
          officers' and directors' liability insurance which may be maintained
          by Corporation and outstanding on the date of termination shall be
          continued for the benefit of Executive for such reasonable period of
          time as may be determined by the Board of Directors to afford
          protection to Executive.

          (d)  Corporation agrees that its obligations for the continuation of
     Executive's salary and other benefits in accordance with Sections 5(c)(ii)
     through 5(c)(v) above shall be absolute and unconditional, and the amounts
     due under Sections 5(c)(ii) and 5(c)(iii) above or Section 15 shall not be
     subject to offset, reduction or mitigation for any reason whatsoever;
     provided, however, that if Executive should breach any other provision of
     this Agreement while he is receiving benefits pursuant to Sections 5(c)(ii)
     through 5(c)(v) above, all obligations of Corporation hereunder shall cease
     effective on the actual date of such breach.

          (e)  "Cause" as used in Section 5(a)(iv) shall mean only gross
     negligence, dishonesty, incompetence, a willful breach of this Agreement,
     or violation of any reasonable rule or regulation of the Board of
     Directors, the violation of which results in significant damage to
     Corporation and with respect to

                                        8

<PAGE>

     which, except in the case of incompetence or dishonesty, Executive fails to
     correct or make reasonable efforts to correct within a reasonable time
     after receipt of written notice thereof.  "Cause" shall be determined only
     by the affirmative vote of a majority of the authorized number of the Board
     of Directors (excluding, for this purpose, Executive) at a meeting for
     which notice has been given that it is proposed to consider the issue of
     "Cause" or at a meeting occurring not less than seven (7) days after a
     meeting at which one or more directors indicate an intention to present a
     motion to such effect.

          (f)  If Corporation should terminate this Agreement pursuant to
     Section 5(a)(iv), this Agreement shall terminate immediately or at such
     later date as shall be designated by the Board of Directors and all of
     Executive's rights hereunder shall terminate effective upon such
     termination.  Except as otherwise specified in any notice of termination,
     Executive shall not continue thereafter to be an employee of Corporation
     for any purpose and all rights Executive might thereafter have as an
     employee pursuant to any plan or understanding shall cease.

     6.   CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.  Executive agrees that he will not at any
time, both during and after the term of this Agreement, divulge, furnish or make
accessible to any party (except to an entity which shall succeed to the business
of Corporation or its subsidiaries, and except as may be required in the conduct
of the regular course of business of Corporation or its subsidiaries, or as
specifically authorized by the Board of Directors or as may be required by law)
any trade secrets, patents, patent applications, inventions or customers of
Corporation or of any subsidiary of Corporation until such time as such
information has been disclosed to the public otherwise than by Executive.

                                        9

<PAGE>

     7.   RESTRICTIVE COVENANT DURING TERM.  Executive agrees that until the
Last Day of the Stated Term, he will neither directly nor indirectly engage in a
business competing with any of the businesses conducted by Corporation or any of
its subsidiaries, nor without the prior written consent of the Board of
Directors, directly or indirectly, have any interest in, own, manage, operate,
control, be connected with as a stockholder, joint venturer, officer, employee,
partner or consultant, or otherwise engage, invest or participate in any
business which shall be competitive with any of the businesses conducted by
Corporation, or by any subsidiary of Corporation; provided, however, nothing
contained in this Section 7 shall prevent Executive from investing or trading in
stocks, bonds, commodities, securities, real estate, or other forms of
investment for his own benefit (directly or indirectly), so long as such
investment activities do not significantly interfere with Executive's services
to be rendered hereunder and, to the extent that such investment activities
would, but for this proviso, be prohibited hereby, would not be material either
to Executive or the concern in which such investment is made.

     8.   APPROVAL BY CORPORATION.  This Agreement has been approved by the
Board of Directors in accordance with the authority granted and restrictions
imposed by action of the Board of Directors.  It shall be executed by the
President or other duly qualified officer.

     9.   WAIVER OR MODIFICATION.  Any waiver, alteration or modification of any
of the provisions of this Agreement or cancellation or replacement of this
Agreement shall not be valid unless made in writing and signed by the parties
hereto.

     10.  CONSTRUCTION.  Except as to matters of internal corporate policy and
regulation, which shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware (the
state of

                                       10

<PAGE>

incorporation of Corporation), this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of
the State of California.  If any litigation shall occur between Executive and
Corporation which litigation arises out of or as a result of this Agreement or
the acts of the parties hereto pursuant to this Agreement, or which seeks an
interpretation of this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to
recover all costs and expenses of such litigation, including reasonable
attorneys' fees and costs.

     11.  BINDING EFFECT.

          (a)  The rights and obligations of Corporation under this Agreement
     shall be binding upon any successor or assigns of Corporation.  In the
     event of any consolidation or merger of Corporation into or with another
     corporation, such other corporation shall assume this Agreement and shall
     become obligated to perform all of the terms and conditions hereof, and
     Executive's obligations hereunder shall continue in favor of such other
     corporation.

          (b)  If Corporation shall adopt a plan of liquidation or be or become
     a party to any action which has the substantive effect of finally
     terminating its business and affairs, all sums which would have been
     payable to Executive during the remaining term of this Agreement (assuming
     the continuation of Executive's then salary through the Last Day of the
     Stated Term) shall become due and payable to Executive not later than the
     effective date of such plan or action; except in the case of a liquidation
     of Corporation into an acquiring company or subsidiary of such acquiring
     company after a consolidation or merger of Corporation into or with another
     corporation, and the rights and obligations of Corporation under this
     Agreement are expressly assumed by the acquiring company as part of the
     plan of liquidation.

                                       11

<PAGE>

          (c)  This Agreement supersedes all prior and contemporaneous
     agreements, amendments, memoranda or understandings, express or implied and
     written or oral, between Corporation and Executive.

     12.  WAIVER.  Waiver by either party of a breach of any provision of this
Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach
of any other provision of this Agreement.

     13.  COUNTERPARTS.  This Agreement may be executed in any number of
identical counterparts, each of which shall be construed as an original for all
purposes, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same
Agreement.

     14.  NOTICES.  Any notice required or permitted to be given under this
Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to be effective (i) upon
receipt if delivered in person, (ii) upon receipt if sent by registered or
certified United States mail, return receipt requested and postage and fees
prepaid, to the addresses of the parties set forth below, or such other address
as shall be furnished by notice hereunder by any such party or (iii) twenty-four
hours after having been sent by Federal Express or other overnight delivery
service to such address:

               Corporation:   500 North State College Boulevard
                              Suite 700
                              Orange, California 92668

               Executive:     P.O. Box 14143
                              Orange, California 92613

No failure or refusal to accept delivery of any envelope containing such notice
shall affect the validity of such notice or the giving thereof.

                                       12

<PAGE>

     15.  TERMINATION AFTER CHANGE IN CONTROL.

          (a)  Cumulative to any other provision of the Employment Agreement,
     if, within two years after a change in control of Corporation, Executive's
     employment with Corporation terminates for any reason, either voluntarily
     or involuntarily, other than by death, permanent disability or retirement
     at or after Executive's normal retirement date under Corporation's
     Retirement Plan, Corporation promptly will pay Executive, upon Executive's
     request, as termination compensation, a lump sum amount, determined as
     provided in subsection (b) of this Section 15, and such other amounts as
     are provided in subsection (c) of this Section 15.  For purposes of this
     Section, a "change in control of Corporation" shall mean a change in
     control of a nature that would be required to be reported in response to
     Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A promulgated under the
     Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"); provided
     that, without limitation, such a change in control of Corporation shall be
     deemed to have occurred if (i) any "person" (as such term is used in
     Sections 13(d) and 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act) is or becomes the
     beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of Corporation
     representing 40% or more of the combined voting power of Corporation's then
     outstanding securities; or (ii) during any period of two consecutive years,
     individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board of
     Directors of Corporation cease for any reason to constitute at least a
     majority thereof unless the election of each new director was approved by a
     vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who were
     directors at the beginning of the period.

          (b)  The lump sum compensation payable to Executive (the "Severance

                                       13

<PAGE>

     Payment") shall be equal to the average annual compensation (including
     salary and bonuses under the Corporate Management Incentive Compensation
     Plan or any predecessor or successor annual incentive compensation plan)
     paid or payable by Corporation to Executive during the five most recent
     calendar years ending before the date of the change in control of
     Corporation (the "Base Amount") multiplied by 2.99; provided, however, if
     Executive voluntarily terminates his employment with Corporation, except
     after (i) any material adverse change in Executive's duties, location of
     employment or benefits, or (ii) any material adverse change to Executive in
     the application of the formula of the Corporate Management Incentive
     Compensation Plan or any modification in Corporation's accounting methods
     or practices materially adverse to Executive, including the assessment of a
     management fee, then the Severance Payment shall be equal to the highest
     annual compensation (including salary and bonuses under the Corporate
     Management Incentive Compensation Plan or any successor annual incentive
     compensation plan) paid or payable by Corporation to Executive for services
     rendered in any one of the three calendar years ending with the year of
     such termination.

          (c)  In addition, if Executive's employment with Corporation so
     terminates within two (2) years after such a change in control of
     Corporation:

               (i)    any bonus awards previously made to Executive and not
          previously paid immediately shall vest upon such termination and shall
          be paid;

               (ii)   Executive's participation in, and terminating
          distributions and vested rights under, any applicable retirement plan,
          profit sharing plan

                                       14

<PAGE>

          and stock incentive plan of Corporation or any of its subsidiaries
          shall be governed by the terms of those respective plans; and

               (iii)  In the event of termination of employment under the
          circumstances described in subsection (a) of this Section 15, the
          arrangements provided for by this Section 15, by any stock option or
          other agreement between Corporation and Executive in effect at the
          time and by any other applicable plan of Corporation shall constitute
          the entire obligation of Corporation to Executive and performance
          thereof shall constitute full settlement of any claim that Executive
          might otherwise assert against Corporation on account of such
          termination, provided, however, that this provision and this Agreement
          shall have no impact on the obligations of Corporation under that
          certain Indemnification Agreement dated August 4, 1993 between
          Corporation and Executive.

          (d)  Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary,
     in the event that any payment or benefit received or to be received by
     Executive in connection with a change in control of Corporation or the
     termination of Executive's employment, whether payable pursuant to the
     terms of this Agreement or any other plan, arrangement or agreement with
     Corporation (collectively the "Total Payments"), would not be deductible
     (in whole or part) as a result of Section 280G of the Code, the Severance
     Payment shall be reduced until no portion of the Total Payments is not
     deductible as a result of Section 280G of the Code, or the Severance
     Payment is reduced to zero.  For purposes of this limitation, (i) no
     portion of the Total Payments, the receipt or enjoyment of which Executive
     shall have effectively waived in writing prior to the date of payment of
     the Severance Payment, shall be taken into account, (ii) no portion of the
     Total

                                       15

<PAGE>

     Payments shall be taken into account which, in the opinion of tax counsel
     selected by Corporation's independent auditors and acceptable to Executive,
     does not constitute a "parachute payment" within the meaning of Section
     280G(b)(2) of the Code, (iii) the Severance Payment shall be reduced only
     to the extent necessary so that the Total Payments (excluding payments
     referred to in clause (i) or (ii)) in their entirety constitute reasonable
     compensation for services actually rendered within the meaning of Section
     280G(b)(4) of the Code, in the opinion of the tax counsel referred to in
     clause (ii); and (iv) the value of any non-cash benefit or any deferred
     payment or benefit included in the Total Payments shall be determined by
     Corporation's independent auditors in accordance with the principles of
     Sections 280G(d)(3) and (4) of the Code.

     16.  CANCELLATION OF PRIOR EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT.  Corporation and Executive
agree that the Prior Employment Agreement hereby is canceled as of the date
hereof and shall be of no further force and effect.

                                       16

<PAGE>

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of
the day and year first above written.

                                        CORPORATION:

                                        WYNN'S INTERNATIONAL, INC.


                                        By JAMES CARROLL
                                           ------------------------------------
                                           James Carroll
                                           President and Chief Executive Officer



                                        EXECUTIVE:


                                        GREGG M. GIBBONS
                                        ---------------------------------------
                                        Gregg M. Gibbons



                                       17

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.3

                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT


     THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is made and entered into as of
the 1st day of January, 1995, by and between WYNN'S INTERNATIONAL, INC., a
Delaware corporation with its principal offices in Orange, California
("Corporation"), and SEYMOUR A. SCHLOSSER, an individual residing in Costa Mesa,
California ("Executive").

                              W I T N E S S E T H :

     WHEREAS, Executive presently serves as Vice President-Finance and Chief
Financial Officer of Corporation pursuant to an employment agreement dated
December 16, 1992 between Corporation and Executive (the "Prior Employment
Agreement"); and

     WHEREAS, Corporation desires to continue to retain the services of
Executive, whose experience, knowledge and abilities with respect to the
business and affairs of Corporation and its subsidiaries are extremely valuable
to Corporation; and

     WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of Corporation (the "Board of Directors")
and the Compensation Committee (the "Committee") of the Board of Directors
recognize that the continuing possibility of an unsolicited tender offer or
other takeover bid for Corporation is unsettling to Executive and other senior
executives of Corporation and, therefore, to enhance the value of Corporation
for the benefit of its stockholders, desire to make arrangements to help assure
the continuing dedication by Executive to Executive's duties to Corporation,
notwithstanding the occurrence of a tender offer or takeover bid; and

<PAGE>

     WHEREAS, in particular, the Board of Directors and the Committee believe it
is important, should Corporation receive proposals from third parties with
respect to its future, to enable Executive, without being influenced by the
uncertainties of Executive's own situation, to assess and advise the Board of
Directors whether such proposals would be in the best interests of Corporation
and its stockholders, and to take such other action regarding such proposals as
the Board of Directors might determine to be appropriate; and

     WHEREAS, the Board of Directors and the Committee also wish to demonstrate
to Executive and other senior executives of Corporation that Corporation is
concerned with the welfare of its executives and intends to see that loyal
executives are treated fairly; and

     WHEREAS, in view of the foregoing and in further consideration of
Executive's employment with Corporation, the Board of Directors and the
Committee have determined that it is in the best interests of Corporation and
its stockholders for Corporation to agree to pay Executive termination
compensation in the event Executive should leave the employ of Corporation under
certain circumstances;

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual agreements
and promises of the parties set forth below, the parties hereby agree as
follows:

     1.   DUTIES.

          (a)  Corporation hereby continues to employ Executive as Vice
     President-Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Corporation during the
     term of

                                        2

<PAGE>

     this Agreement, with powers and duties consistent with such positions.
     Executive, during the term of this Agreement, shall perform such additional
     or different duties, and accept the election or appointment to such other
     offices or positions, as may be mutually agreeable to Executive and the
     Board of Directors.  Executive agrees to serve in such executive offices
     and directorships in other subsidiaries or affiliated companies of
     Corporation as he may be requested to do throughout the term of this
     Agreement without additional fixed compensation.

          (b)  Executive shall be employed at Corporation's headquarters in
     Orange County, California, and shall devote substantially his full time and
     efforts to perform his duties faithfully, diligently and to the best of his
     ability to advance the interests of Corporation; subject, however, to
     reasonable working hours, conditions and vacations as are consistent with
     his position and with due regard to the preservation of his good health.
     Nothing herein shall be deemed to preclude or prohibit Executive from
     performing during regular business hours services within the business and
     civic community which are customary for persons in similar capacities,
     including, without limitation, serving on boards of other companies,
     advisory groups, committees and panels, but only in furtherance of and not
     to the detriment of his principal duties hereunder.  Further, Corporation
     shall give Executive a reasonable opportunity to perform his duties and
     shall not expect Executive to devote more time hereunder, nor assign duties
     or functions to Executive, other than as may be customary and reasonable
     for an executive in Executive's position.

     2.   COMPENSATION.

          (a)  Effective as of January 1, 1995, and during the entire term of
     this

                                        3

<PAGE>

     Agreement, Corporation shall pay to Executive an annual salary of not less
     than Two Hundred Thousand Dollars ($200,000.00), payable in equal
     installments on Corporation's regular payroll dates, for any and all
     services which Executive may render to Corporation.

          (b)  The Board of Directors annually shall review the amount of
     Executive's salary, and shall, when the Board of Directors in its sole
     judgment deems it appropriate, make adjustments in the amount of such
     salary.  Any such adjustments shall take effect on the date established by
     the Board of Directors.  Nothing herein shall be construed to authorize or
     empower any reduction of Executive's salary below his then current rate of
     salary by the Board of Directors or otherwise during the term of this
     Agreement.  The Committee, in accordance with customary policy, shall make
     such recommendations to the Board of Directors as it believes are
     appropriate with respect to salary adjustments hereunder.

     3.   EXPENSES.  Corporation will reimburse Executive for all usual,
reasonable and necessary expenses paid or incurred by him in the performance of
his duties hereunder, subject to the right of Corporation at any time to place
reasonable limitations on expenses thereafter to be incurred or reimbursed.

     4.   EMPLOYEE BENEFITS.  Executive shall be entitled to and shall receive
all other benefits of employment generally available to other executives of
Corporation, including, among other things, participation in any hospital,
surgical, medical or other group health and accident benefit plans, life
insurance benefits, and Corporation's annual vacation plan.  In addition,
Executive will be entitled to participate in all incentive compensation, stock
option, profit sharing, pension, retirement or bonus plans as from

                                        4

<PAGE>

time to time may be in existence during the term of this Agreement in accordance
with their respective terms and provisions, but, to the extent participation or
the amount of participation is at the discretion of the Board of Directors or
any committee thereof, then Executive's participation shall likewise be solely
subject to such discretion.

     5.   TERM AND TERMINATION.

          (a)  The term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof and
     shall terminate upon the first to occur of the following events:

               (i)    December 31, 1997 (the "Last Day of the Stated Term");

               (ii)   The death or permanent disability of Executive;

               (iii)  The 30th day following written notice from Corporation to
          Executive; or

               (iv)   Executive is discharged for Cause.

          (b)  If Executive dies or becomes permanently disabled during the term
     of this Agreement, this Agreement shall terminate on the last day of the
     month during which his death or permanent disability, as the case may be,
     occurred.  Commencing thirty (30) days after the date of such termination,
     there shall be paid to Executive or Executive's representative in the event
     of permanent disability, or to his executor or estate in the event of
     death, an amount equal to one year of Executive's then current salary,
     payable in twelve (12) equal monthly installments.  If Executive is absent
     from employment or unable to render services

                                        5

<PAGE>

     hereunder on a full-time basis by reason of physical or mental illness or
     disability for six (6) months or more in the aggregate in any twelve (12)
     month period during the term of this Agreement, Executive shall be
     considered permanently disabled.

          (c)  If Corporation should terminate this Agreement pursuant to
     Section 5(a)(iii):

               (i)    Executive shall immediately cease to be Vice President-
          Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Corporation, and such other
          office or position Executive then holds, and if requested by a
          majority of the Board of Directors of Corporation, shall immediately
          resign from the Board of Directors and from any of the Boards of
          Directors of any of Corporation's subsidiaries of which Executive may
          be a member.

               (ii)   Corporation shall be obligated and shall continue to pay
          Executive an amount equal to his then current salary but at a rate of
          not less than Two Hundred Thousand Dollars ($200,000.00) per annum
          from the date of such termination until the Last Day of the Stated
          Term.  Such payments shall be made in installments payable as provided
          in Section 2(a) hereof.  Corporation also immediately shall pay
          Executive in a lump sum an amount equal to the amount of the remaining
          unpaid portion of any yearly incentive compensation award, and the
          amount, if any, of any forfeiture of Executive's interest in any
          profit sharing plan in which Executive is a participant.

               (iii)  For the purposes of participation in any hospital,
          surgical,

                                        6

<PAGE>

          medical or other group health and accident insurance and group life
          insurance plans maintained by Corporation, Executive shall continue to
          be an employee of Corporation through the Last Day of the Stated Term.
          Except for such purposes, unless the Board of Directors otherwise
          determines by resolution, Executive shall not continue to be an
          employee of Corporation for any other purposes and shall not be
          entitled to continue to participate in Corporation's Retirement Plan
          or 401(k) Plan, or in any other plans, programs and benefits of
          Corporation; provided, however, nothing herein shall preclude
          Executive from any vested rights or benefits he may have in such plans
          on the effective date of termination.  If a contrary determination is
          made by the Board of Directors, the duties of Executive shall be only
          as mutually agreed upon by Executive and Corporation, and may be
          refused by Executive without penalty hereunder.

               (iv)   If termination shall be without Cause under Section
          5(a)(iii), all stock options granted to Executive prior to the date of
          this Agreement under any stock option plan of Corporation (other than
          Corporation's Employee Stock Purchase Plan), notwithstanding the
          provisions of any stock option plan or agreement, shall vest
          immediately and become exercisable by Executive unless the
          acceleration of the exercisability of the option would violate Rule
          16b-3(c)(1) as promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission
          in which event the options shall vest and become exercisable on the
          day after the holding period specified in Rule 16b-3(c)(1) is
          satisfied.  Nothing herein shall otherwise affect the obligations of
          Corporation or Executive under the terms of such stock option
          agreement, which, except for the provisions hereof, shall be otherwise
          enforceable in accordance with its terms.

                                        7

<PAGE>

               (v)    Any benefits of indemnification provided by the By-Laws of
          Corporation or in any Indemnification Agreement between Corporation
          and Executive shall be continued for the benefit of Executive, and any
          officers' and directors' liability insurance which may be maintained
          by Corporation and outstanding on the date of termination shall be
          continued for the benefit of Executive for such reasonable period of
          time as may be determined by the Board of Directors to afford
          protection to Executive.

          (d)  Corporation agrees that its obligations for the continuation of
     Executive's salary and other benefits in accordance with Sections 5(c)(ii)
     through 5(c)(v) above shall be absolute and unconditional, and the amounts
     due under Sections 5(c)(ii) and 5(c)(iii) above or Section 15 shall not be
     subject to offset, reduction or mitigation for any reason whatsoever;
     provided, however, that if Executive should breach any other provision of
     this Agreement while he is receiving benefits pursuant to Sections 5(c)(ii)
     through 5(c)(v) above, all obligations of Corporation hereunder shall cease
     effective on the actual date of such breach.

          (e)  "Cause" as used in Section 5(a)(iv) shall mean only gross
     negligence, dishonesty, incompetence, a willful breach of this Agreement,
     or violation of any reasonable rule or regulation of the Board of
     Directors, the violation of which results in significant damage to
     Corporation and with respect to which, except in the case of incompetence
     or dishonesty, Executive fails to correct or make reasonable efforts to
     correct within a reasonable time after receipt of written notice thereof.
     "Cause" shall be determined only by the affirmative vote of a majority of
     the authorized number of the Board of Directors (excluding, for

                                        8

<PAGE>

     this purpose, Executive) at a meeting for which notice has been given that
     it is proposed to consider the issue of "Cause" or at a meeting occurring
     not less than seven (7) days after a meeting at which one or more directors
     indicate an intention to present a motion to such effect.

          (f)  If Corporation should terminate this Agreement pursuant to
     Section 5(a)(iv), this Agreement shall terminate immediately or at such
     later date as shall be designated by the Board of Directors and all of
     Executive's rights hereunder shall terminate effective upon such
     termination.  Except as otherwise specified in any notice of termination,
     Executive shall not continue thereafter to be an employee of Corporation
     for any purpose and all rights Executive might thereafter have as an
     employee pursuant to any plan or understanding shall cease.

     6.   CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.  Executive agrees that he will not at any
time, both during and after the term of this Agreement, divulge, furnish or make
accessible to any party (except to an entity which shall succeed to the business
of Corporation or its subsidiaries, and except as may be required in the conduct
of the regular course of business of Corporation or its subsidiaries, or as
specifically authorized by the Board of Directors or as may be required by law)
any trade secrets, patents, patent applications, inventions or customers of
Corporation or of any subsidiary of Corporation until such time as such
information has been disclosed to the public otherwise than by Executive.

                                        9

<PAGE>

     7.   RESTRICTIVE COVENANT DURING TERM.  Executive agrees that until the
Last Day of the Stated Term, he will neither directly nor indirectly engage in a
business competing with any of the businesses conducted by Corporation or any of
its subsidiaries, nor without the prior written consent of the Board of
Directors, directly or indirectly, have any interest in, own, manage, operate,
control, be connected with as a stockholder, joint venturer, officer, employee,
partner or consultant, or otherwise engage, invest or participate in any
business which shall be competitive with any of the businesses conducted by
Corporation, or by any subsidiary of Corporation; provided, however, nothing
contained in this Section 7 shall prevent Executive from investing or trading in
stocks, bonds, commodities, securities, real estate, or other forms of
investment for his own benefit (directly or indirectly), so long as such
investment activities do not significantly interfere with Executive's services
to be rendered hereunder and, to the extent that such investment activities
would, but for this proviso, be prohibited hereby, would not be material either
to Executive or the concern in which such investment is made.

     8.   APPROVAL BY CORPORATION.  This Agreement has been approved by the
Board of Directors in accordance with the authority granted and restrictions
imposed by action of the Board of Directors.  It shall be executed by the
President or other duly qualified officer.

     9.   WAIVER OR MODIFICATION.  Any waiver, alteration or modification of any
of the provisions of this Agreement or cancellation or replacement of this
Agreement shall not be valid unless made in writing and signed by the parties
hereto.

     10.  CONSTRUCTION.  Except as to matters of internal corporate policy and
regulation, which shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware (the
state of

                                       10

<PAGE>

incorporation of Corporation), this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of
the State of California.  If any litigation shall occur between Executive and
Corporation which litigation arises out of or as a result of this Agreement or
the acts of the parties hereto pursuant to this Agreement, or which seeks an
interpretation of this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to
recover all costs and expenses of such litigation, including reasonable
attorneys' fees and costs.

     11.  BINDING EFFECT.

          (a)  The rights and obligations of Corporation under this Agreement
     shall be binding upon any successor or assigns of Corporation.  In the
     event of any consolidation or merger of Corporation into or with another
     corporation, such other corporation shall assume this Agreement and shall
     become obligated to perform all of the terms and conditions hereof, and
     Executive's obligations hereunder shall continue in favor of such other
     corporation.

          (b)  If Corporation shall adopt a plan of liquidation or be or become
     a party to any action which has the substantive effect of finally
     terminating its business and affairs, all sums which would have been
     payable to Executive during the remaining term of this Agreement (assuming
     the continuation of Executive's then salary through the Last Day of the
     Stated Term) shall become due and payable to Executive not later than the
     effective date of such plan or action; except in the case of a liquidation
     of Corporation into an acquiring company or subsidiary of such acquiring
     company after a consolidation or merger of Corporation into or with another
     corporation, and the rights and obligations of Corporation under this
     Agreement are expressly assumed by the acquiring company as part of the
     plan of liquidation.

                                       11

<PAGE>

          (c)  This Agreement supersedes all prior and contemporaneous
     agreements, amendments, memoranda or understandings, express or implied and
     written or oral, between Corporation and Executive.

     12.  WAIVER.  Waiver by either party of a breach of any provision of this
Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach
of any other provision of this Agreement.

     13.  COUNTERPARTS.  This Agreement may be executed in any number of
identical counterparts, each of which shall be construed as an original for all
purposes, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same
Agreement.

     14.  NOTICES.  Any notice required or permitted to be given under this
Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to be effective (i) upon
receipt if delivered in person, (ii) upon receipt if sent by registered or
certified United States mail, return receipt requested and postage and fees
prepaid, to the addresses of the parties set forth below, or such other address
as shall be furnished by notice hereunder by any such party or (iii) twenty-four
hours after having been sent by Federal Express or other overnight delivery
service to such address:

          Corporation:   500 North State College Boulevard
                         Suite 700
                         Orange, California 92668

          Executive:     P.O. Box 14143
                         Orange, California 92613

No failure or refusal to accept delivery of any envelope containing such notice
shall affect the validity of such notice or the giving thereof.

                                       12

<PAGE>

     15.  TERMINATION AFTER CHANGE IN CONTROL.

          (a)  Cumulative to any other provision of the Employment Agreement,
     if, within two years after a change in control of Corporation, Executive's
     employment with Corporation terminates for any reason, either voluntarily
     or involuntarily, other than death, permanent disability or retirement at
     or after Executive's normal retirement date under Corporation's Retirement
     Plan, Corporation promptly will pay Executive, upon Executive's request, as
     termination compensation, a lump sum amount, determined as provided in
     subsection (b) of this Section 15, and such other amounts as are provided
     in subsection (c) of this Section 15.  For purposes of this Section, a
     "change in control of Corporation" shall mean a change in control of a
     nature that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of
     Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A promulgated under the Securities Exchange
     Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"); provided that, without
     limitation, such a change in control of Corporation shall be deemed to have
     occurred if (i) any "person" (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and
     14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act) is or becomes the beneficial owner, directly
     or indirectly, of securities of Corporation representing 40% or more of the
     combined voting power of Corporation's then outstanding securities; or (ii)
     during any period of two consecutive years, individuals who at the
     beginning of such period constitute the Board of Directors of Corporation
     cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority thereof unless the
     election of each new director was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds
     of the directors then still in office who were directors at the beginning
     of the period.

          (b)  The lump sum compensation payable to Executive (the "Severance

                                       13

<PAGE>

     Payment") shall be equal to the average annual compensation (including
     salary and bonuses under the Corporate Management Incentive Compensation
     Plan or any predecessor or successor annual incentive compensation plan)
     paid or payable by Corporation to Executive during the five most recent
     calendar years ending before the date of the change in control of
     Corporation (the "Base Amount") multiplied by 2.99; provided, however, if
     Executive voluntarily terminates his employment with Corporation, except
     after (i) any material adverse change in Executive's duties, location of
     employment or benefits, or (ii) any material adverse change to Executive in
     the application of the formula of the Corporate Management Incentive
     Compensation Plan or any modification in Corporation's accounting methods
     or practices materially adverse to Executive, including the assessment of a
     management fee, then the Severance Payment shall be equal to the highest
     annual compensation (including salary and bonuses under the Corporate
     Management Incentive Compensation Plan or any successor annual incentive
     compensation plan) paid or payable by Corporation to Executive for services
     rendered in any one of the three calendar years ending with the year of
     such termination.

          (c)  In addition, if Executive's employment with Corporation so
     terminates within two (2) years after such a change in control of
     Corporation:

               (i)    any bonus awards previously made to Executive and not
          previously paid immediately shall vest upon such termination and shall
          be paid;

               (ii)   Executive's participation in, and terminating
          distributions and vested rights under, any applicable retirement plan,
          profit sharing plan

                                       14

<PAGE>

          and stock incentive plan of Corporation or any of its subsidiaries
          shall be governed by the terms of those respective plans; and

               (iii)  In the event of termination of employment under the
          circumstances described in subsection (a) of this Section 15, the
          arrangements provided for by this Section 15, by any stock option or
          other agreement between Corporation and Executive in effect at the
          time and by any other applicable plan of Corporation shall constitute
          the entire obligation of Corporation to Executive and performance
          thereof shall constitute full settlement of any claim that Executive
          might otherwise assert against Corporation on account of such
          termination, provided, however, that this provision and this Agreement
          shall have no impact on the obligations of Corporation under that
          certain Indemnification Agreement dated August 4, 1993 between
          Corporation and Executive.

          (d)  Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary,
     in the event that any payment or benefit received or to be received by
     Executive in connection with a change in control of Corporation or the
     termination of Executive's employment, whether payable pursuant to the
     terms of this Agreement or any other plan, arrangement or agreement with
     Corporation (collectively the "Total Payments"), would not be deductible
     (in whole or part) as a result of Section 280G of the Code, the Severance
     Payment shall be reduced until no portion of the Total Payments is not
     deductible as a result of Section 280G of the Code, or the Severance
     Payment is reduced to zero.  For purposes of this limitation, (i) no
     portion of the Total Payments, the receipt or enjoyment of which Executive
     shall have effectively waived in writing prior to the date of payment of
     the Severance Payment, shall be taken into account, (ii) no portion of the
     Total

                                       15

<PAGE>

     Payments shall be taken into account which, in the opinion of tax counsel
     selected by Corporation's independent auditors and acceptable to Executive,
     does not constitute a "parachute payment" within the meaning of Section
     280G(b)(2) of the Code, (iii) the Severance Payment shall be reduced only
     to the extent necessary so that the Total Payments (excluding payments
     referred to in clause (i) or (ii)) in their entirety constitute reasonable
     compensation for services actually rendered within the meaning of Section
     280G(b)(4) of the Code, in the opinion of the tax counsel referred to in
     clause (ii); and (iv) the value of any non-cash benefit or any deferred
     payment or benefit included in the Total Payments shall be determined by
     Corporation's independent auditors in accordance with the principles of
     Sections 280G(d)(3) and (4) of the Code.

     16.  CANCELLATION OF PRIOR EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT.  Corporation and Executive
agree that the Prior Employment Agreement hereby is canceled as of the date
hereof and shall be of no further force and effect.

                                       16

<PAGE>

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of
the day and year first above written.

                                        CORPORATION:

                                        WYNN'S INTERNATIONAL, INC.


                                        By JAMES CARROLL
                                           ------------------------------------
                                           James Carroll
                                           President and Chief Executive Officer



                                        EXECUTIVE:


                                        SEYMOUR A. SCHLOSSER
                                        ---------------------------------------
                                        Seymour A. Schlosser


                                       17

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.7
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.7
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.7


                           WYNN'S INTERNATIONAL, INC.
                    1995 CORPORATE MANAGEMENT INCENTIVE PLAN


     SECTION 1.     The purpose of this 1995 Corporate Management Incentive Plan
(the "1995 Plan") is to provide a reward for performance and an incentive for
the future endeavors of the Corporate Management Employees who contribute to the
success of the enterprise by their ability, industry, loyalty, or exceptional
service, through making them participants in that success.

     SECTION 2.

     (a)  Wynn's International, Inc. (the "Company") shall establish a reserve
for bonus payments for Corporate Management Employees for the year 1995 (the
"Corporate Bonus Pool") with a corresponding charge to income for the year 1995
in an amount which the independent public accountants of the Company verify and
report to be equal to ten percent of the amount by which the Consolidated Pretax
Earnings of the Company exceed a twelve percent (12%) return on Beginning Net
Operating Assets, provided, however, that (i) the maximum amount of the
Corporate Bonus Pool shall be One Million Fifty Thousand Dollars ($1,050,000),
and (ii) no amounts shall be earned hereunder if the Consolidated Pretax
Earnings of the Company for the year ended December 31, 1995 are less than
Eighteen Million One Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($18,150,000).

     (b)  Before the payment of bonus awards for the year 1995, the independent
accountants of the Company shall verify and report to the Board of Directors of
the Company (the "Board") the total amount of the Corporate Bonus Pool and bonus
awards to be paid therefrom shall not exceed the Corporate Bonus Pool as
verified and reported by the independent public accountants.  Bonus awards under
the 1995 Plan shall be charged to income for 1995.

     SECTION 3.

     (a)  The term "Consolidated Pretax Earnings" as used in the 1995 Plan shall
mean, for calendar year 1995, the Company's income before taxes based on income
as shown on the Consolidated Statement of Operations section of the Company's
1995 Consolidated Financial Statements after making adequate provision for the
Corporate Bonus Pool in the 1995 Consolidated Financial Statements.

     (b)  The term "Beginning Net Operating Assets" shall mean the consolidated
net operating assets of the Company and subsidiaries at December 31, 1994, as
calculated in a manner consistent with the Company's Corporate Policy No. 1014.

     (c)  The term "1995 Consolidated Financial Statements" as used in the 1995
Plan shall mean those financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries
contained in the Company's annual report to stockholders for the year ended
December 31, 1995

<PAGE>

and upon which an opinion has been expressed by the independent public
accountants of the Company.

     (d)  The term "Corporate Management Employee" shall mean any person
employed as President and Chief Executive Officer, Vice President-Finance and
Chief Financial Officer, Vice President-Corporate Affairs, General Counsel and
Secretary, Assistant Secretary, Senior Counsel, Tax Manager, Controller,
Employee Benefits and Risk Manager, and any other management employees of the
Company designated by the President.

     SECTION 4.     Full power and authority to construe, interpret, and
administer the 1995 Plan shall be vested in the Board as from time to time
constituted pursuant to the By-Laws of the Company.  Decisions of the Board
shall be final, conclusive, and binding. The Board shall rely upon and be bound
by the amount of Consolidated Pretax Earnings, Beginning Net Operating Assets
and the Corporate Bonus Pool, all as verified and reported by the independent
public accountants of the Company.  The foregoing shall include, but shall not
be limited to, all determinations by the Board as to (i) the eligibility of a
Corporate Management Employee for consideration for a bonus, and (ii) the
amount, if any, of the bonus award paid to a Corporate Management Employee.  Any
person who accepts any benefit hereunder agrees to accept as final, conclusive,
and binding, the determinations of the Board.

     SECTION 5.     The Board shall have discretion with respect to the
determination of individual bonus awards to the executive officers of the
Company.  Individual bonus awards to other Corporate Management Employees shall
be at the discretion of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company.  However,
the total Corporate Bonus Pool shall be distributed to the 1995 Plan
participants.  The recommendations for bonus awards under the 1995 Plan for
executive officers of the Company shall be made to the Compensation Committee of
the Board (the "Committee") by the Chief Executive Officer under such procedure
as may from time to time be approved by the Board, except that no such
recommendations shall be made with respect to the Chief Executive Officer, but
such bonus shall be dealt with exclusively by the Committee under such
procedures as it may determine.  Nothing contained herein shall entitle any
Corporate Management Employee to a bonus award, as a matter of right, for
services rendered in 1995.

     SECTION 6.     Notwithstanding the provisions of Sections 2 and 5, the
Committee shall have the authority to recommend to the Board, and the Board
shall have the power to authorize in accordance with the recommendations of the
Committee the payment of additional bonus awards to any or all executive
officers for outstanding performance in 1995, provided, however, that the amount
of any such additional bonus award, together with any amounts paid pursuant to
Sections 2 and 5, shall not exceed one hundred percent (100%) of such executive
officer's base salary in 1995.

     SECTION 7.     Bonus awards under the 1995 Plan will be paid to each
recipient no later than March 15, 1996 in one installment in cash, restricted
stock of the Company, or

                                        2

<PAGE>

any combination thereof.  Any award of WII restricted stock is subject to the
approval of the Committee.

     SECTION 8.     Upon termination of a Corporate Management Employee's
employment during the calendar year 1995 other than by death, such participant
shall not be entitled as a matter of right to any bonus award for services
rendered in 1995, provided, however, the Board may award a bonus as a matter of
discretion pursuant to Section 9 below.

     SECTION 9.     Notwithstanding Section 8 above, a Corporate Management
Employee whose employment terminates during the year or who is granted a leave
of absence during the year, and who at the time of such termination of
employment or granting of leave is eligible for consideration of a bonus, may,
at the discretion of the Board, and under such rules as the Board may from time
to time approve, be awarded a bonus with respect to the period of his/her
services during the year 1995.

     SECTION 10.    Upon the death of a Corporate Management Employee during
1995, there shall be paid (as a death benefit and in lieu of any payment
pursuant to Section 5 which would otherwise have been payable after the death of
such Corporate Management Employee) to such beneficiaries as the Corporate
Management Employee shall have designated in writing and on forms prescribed by
and filed with the Board, or, if no such designation of beneficiaries has been
made, to such Corporate Management Employee's legal representatives or to the
persons entitled thereto as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction, an
amount equal to the bonus award, if any, that would have been paid to the
deceased Corporate Management Employee had such participant remained employed by
the Company through December 31, 1995.  Any bonus which may be awarded to such
deceased participant shall be paid at the time awards are paid to other
participants pursuant to the 1995 Plan.

     SECTION 11.    The 1995 Plan and all determinations made and actions taken
pursuant hereto shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware and
construed accordingly.

     SECTION 12.    The 1995 Plan is effective as of January 1, 1995.


                                        3

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.11
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.11
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.11

                    STANDARD DEFERRED COMPENSATION AGREEMENT


     THIS AGREEMENT, is made the 5th day of August, 1994, at Lebanon, Tennessee,
by and between Wynn's-Precision, Inc., a Delaware Corporation, hereinafter
sometimes referred to as "Employer," and James Carroll, hereinafter sometimes
referred to as "Employee."

                              W I T N E S S E T H :

     WHEREAS, Employer has offered to defer payment of Employee's incentive
award, if any earned for services to be rendered in 1994 and to be paid in 1995;
and

     WHEREAS, Employee desires to receive said incentive award for 1994, if
earned, as deferred compensation; and

     WHEREAS, the parties hereto have agreed to certain terms and conditions in
connection therewith and desire to reduce their agreement in writing;

     NOW, THEREFORE, for a valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which is acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

1.   AMOUNT

     Employer shall defer payment of, and Employee shall defer receipt of the
incentive award, if any, earned by Employee for services rendered for calendar
year 1994 ("Deferred Compensation").  Said Deferred Compensation

<PAGE>

shall bear interest from the date that said Deferred Compensation would
otherwise be payable to Employee to the date of payment at the lesser of (a) the
rate of fifteen percent (15%) per annum, or (b) the prime rate as quoted by
Third National Bank, Nashville, Tennessee, on the last business day of each
calendar quarter.

2.   DATE OF PAYMENT

     Payment of Deferred Compensation shall be made five (5) business days after
the earliest of the following events:

     (a)  Employee terminates his employment with Employer;

     (b)  Employee becomes permanently disabled;

     (c)  Employee retires; or

     (d)  A change in control of Wynn's International, Inc. (WII), the ultimate
          parent corporation of Employer, occurs.

3.   METHOD OF PAYMENT

     Upon the occurrence of the earlier of any of the events specified in
Paragraph 2 hereof, Employer agrees to pay to Employee by Employer check the
total sum deferred in accordance with Paragraph 1, including principal and
interest, payable in one lump sum, less any required withholdings.

4.   DEATH BENEFIT

     In the event that Employee shall die while employed by Employer, or while
on an agreed leave of absence from said employment, then this Agreement shall be
terminated, and Employer shall pay to the person(s) designated by Employee, the
total amount of Deferred Compensation hereunder, including principal and
interest, payable in one (1) installment,

                                        2

<PAGE>

commencing no later than sixty (60) days following the death of said Employee.
If Employee shall not have filed a designation of beneficiary in writing with
Employer at the time of his death, then Employer shall pay said total benefit to
Employee's spouse, if living, and if not, to Employee's estate.  Employer shall
have the right to make any required withholdings from such payments.

5.   CHANGE IN CONTROL OF WII

     For purposes of this Agreement, a "change in control of WII" shall mean a
change in control of a nature that would be required to be reported in response
to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A promulgated under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ("Exchange Act"); provided that, without
limitation, such a change in control shall be deemed to have occurred if (i) any
"person" (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d)(2) of the Exchange
Act) is or becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of securities
of WII representing 40% or more of the combined voting power of WII's then
outstanding securities; or (ii) during any period of two consecutive years,
individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board of
Directors of WII cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority thereof
unless the election of each new director was approved by a vote of at least two-
thirds of the directors then still in office who were directors at the beginning
of the period.

6.   FUNDING OF BENEFIT

     Employee understands and acknowledges that all Deferred Compensation under
Paragraph 1 of this Agreement shall be general unsecured obligations of Employer
and that Employer shall have no

                                        3

<PAGE>

obligation to set aside any amounts, principal or interest, for the benefit of
Employee in order to meet Employer's obligations under this Agreement, until
said amounts become due and payable under this Agreement.  Employer shall be
entitled to set up such reserves as are required in order for Employer's
financial statements to be in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles.

7.   STATEMENT OF ACCOUNT

     Employer shall furnish to Employee an annual statement showing the amount
of Deferred Compensation, including principal and interest, held for the account
of Employee.

8.   NON-ASSIGNABILITY

     The rights and benefits of Employee hereunder and the rights and benefits
of the person(s) who may be designated by Employee pursuant to the provisions of
Paragraph 4 hereof, shall be personal to Employee and to such person(s), and no
right or benefit hereunder shall be subject to voluntary or involuntary
alienation, assignment, pledge, hypothecation or transfer, or become an asset in
bankruptcy of such Employee or such person(s), or of any person claiming through
or under them; and no such right or benefit shall be available or subject to the
claims of any creditor of such Employee or such person(s), or any person
claiming through or under them.

9.   GOVERNING LAW

     This Agreement shall be governed by and construed according to the laws of
the State of Tennessee.

                                        4

<PAGE>

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of
the day and year first above written.



                                        WYNN'S-PRECISION, INC.




                                        By        JERRY L. MCFADDEN
                                           ------------------------------------
                                                  Jerry L. McFadden
                                               Vice President-Finance


ATTEST:



LYNN WINFREE
- ---------------------------
Lynn Winfree
Assistant Secretary



                                        By             JAMES CARROLL
                                            -----------------------------------
                                                       James Carroll


                                        5

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-11
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 11
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                      EXHIBIT 11

                           WYNN'S INTERNATIONAL, INC.
              COMPUTATION OF NET INCOME PER COMMON SHARE - PRIMARY


<TABLE> <CAPTION>
                                                               Year ended December 31
                                                 ---------------------------------------------------
                                                    1994                 1993                 1992
                                                 -----------          ----------          ----------
<S>                                              <C>                  <C>                 <C>
Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     $11,821,000          $8,981,000          $7,253,000
Weighted average number of shares
  outstanding. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       5,553,194           5,439,042           5,395,809
Net shares assumed issued using the
  treasury stock method for stock options
  outstanding during each period based on
  average market price.. . . . . . . . . . .         141,050             108,384              (1)
                                                 -----------          ----------          ----------
Common and common equivalent
  shares . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       5,694,244           5,547,426           5,395,809
                                                 -----------          ----------          ----------
Net income per common share. . . . . . . . .           $2.08               $1.62               $1.34
                                                 -----------          ----------          ----------
<FN>
- ---------------------------------

(1)  The effect of outstanding stock options on the primary earnings per share
     computation for 1992 was immaterial.
</TABLE>



                  COMPUTATION OF NET INCOME PER COMMON SHARE -
                             ASSUMING FULL DILUTION

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                               Year ended December 31
                                                 ---------------------------------------------------
                                                    1994                 1993                 1992
                                                 -----------          ----------          ----------
<S>                                              <C>                  <C>                 <C>
Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     $11,821,000          $8,981,000          $7,253,000
Net interest expense from convertible
  bonds. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         367,000             406,000             425,000
                                                 -----------          ----------          ----------
Net earnings for purposes of dilution. . . .     $12,188,000          $9,387,000          $7,678,000
                                                 -----------          ----------          ----------
Weighted average number of shares
  outstanding. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       5,553,194           5,439,042           5,395,809
Net shares assumed issued using the
  treasury stock method for stock options
  outstanding during each period based on
  average or ending market price,
  whichever is higher. . . . . . . . . . . .         147,553             119,762              84,641
Dilutive effect of assumed
  conversion of bonds outstanding. . . . . .         428,076             473,360             494,317
                                                 -----------          ----------          ----------
Fully diluted shares . . . . . . . . . . . .       6,128,823           6,032,164           5,974,767
                                                 -----------          ----------          ----------
Net income per common share. . . . . . . . .           $1.99               $1.56               $1.29
                                                 -----------          ----------          ----------
</TABLE>

Note:     The above calculations reflect for all periods the three-for-two stock
          split effected by the Company in September 1993.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>8
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 13
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                      EXHIBIT 13



     This exhibit consists of the following portions of the 1994 Annual Report
to Stockholders of Wynn's International, Inc.:  the Report of Independent
Auditors on page 20, the consolidated financial statements of Registrant on
pages 20 through 32, the Selected Financial Data section on page 15, the
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations section on pages 16 through 19, and the information appearing under
"Cash Dividends and Common Stock Price Per Share: 1993-1994" on page 32 and
"Number of Stockholders" and "Stock Exchange Listing" on page 33.

<PAGE>

                           WYNN'S INTERNATIONAL, INC.

                  S E L E C T E D   F I N A N C I A L   D A T A

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

FIVE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1994
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                    1994             1993            1992          1991             1990
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                             (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS-EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)
<S>                                           <C>              <C>              <C>            <C>             <C>
Net sales                                       $292,651         $284,957        $291,788       $273,963        $285,123
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) before taxes
  based on income                                 19,379           15,811          13,334        (13,918)(a)      12,966
Provision (benefit) for taxes
  based on income                                  7,558            6,830           6,081         (2,718)          6,612
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income (loss)                               $ 11,821         $  8,981        $  7,253       $(11,200)       $  6,354
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Earnings (loss) per share of
  common stock (b)                                 $2.08            $1.62           $1.34         $(2.06)          $1.10
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Weighted average common
  shares outstanding                           5,694,244        5,547,426       5,395,809      5,438,480       5,767,284
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash dividends per common share                     $.44             $.42            $.40           $.40            $.40
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Selected balance sheet items:
  Current assets                                $120,000         $117,624        $124,897       $118,014        $127,754
  Current liabilities                             59,167           56,293          54,378         44,732          50,224
  Working capital                                 60,833           61,331          70,519         73,282          77,530
  Current ratio                                2.03 to 1        2.09 to 1       2.30 to 1      2.64 to 1       2.54 to 1
  Total assets                                  $176,472         $167,799        $170,716       $165,622        $187,765
  Long-term debt due after one year               14,948           23,389          32,518         40,696          41,191
  Stockholders' equity                            95,440           84,442          78,853         75,611          89,784
  Book value per common share                     $17.13           $15.27          $14.59         $14.03          $16.43
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Number of employees                                2,052            1,978           1,945          1,924           1,966
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<FN>
Notes:

(a)  1991 loss includes $20.7 million restructuring charge ($14.9 million after
     tax benefit or $2.75 per share).

(b)  See Note 13 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for certain per
     share information. All per share amounts have been adjusted to reflect the
     three for two stock split effected in 1993.
</TABLE>

The above Selected Financial Data for the five years ended December 31, 1994 is
not reported upon herein by independent auditors. See Management's Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

                                                                          ------
                                                                            15

<PAGE>

                           WYNN'S INTERNATIONAL, INC.

                     MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                  FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

1994 COMPARED TO 1993

     Net sales in 1994 were $292.7 million compared to $285.0 million in 1993,
an increase of 3 percent. Sales were up 13 percent at the Specialty Chemicals
Division, but sales were down 3 percent for the Automotive Components Division,
which is comprised of Wynn's-Precision, Inc. ("Precision"), a Lebanon,
Tennessee-based supplier of O-rings, seals and molded rubber products, and
Wynn's Climate Systems, Inc. ("WCS"), a Fort Worth, Texas-based supplier of
automotive air conditioning products. The Automotive Components Division was
formerly referred to as the Automotive Parts and Accessories Division.

     Precision recorded a 21 percent increase in sales in 1994, attributable to
growth in all of its major operations. Precision's growth was primarily due to
the higher level of economic activity in the U.S. during 1994, including U.S.
automotive production rates. Higher revenues were derived from sales of O-rings,
composite gaskets and engineered thermoplastics. Precision continued to receive
requests in 1994 for price freezes or price reductions from customers in a broad
array of markets. Precision expects this trend to continue in 1995. Higher
revenues at Precision generally resulted from an increase in the number of units
sold as opposed to price increases.

     WCS experienced a 30 percent decrease in revenues in 1994 compared to 1993
due to decreased sales in its original equipment manufacturers ("OEM") division.
The OEM revenue decrease was principally due to the previously announced
conclusion of a substantial part of WCS' Mazda kit assembly business and a
reduction in sales to the Rover Group resulting from the previously announced
expiration of a supply agreement. Revenues in WCS' aftermarket division,
including revenues from company owned installation centers, increased 25 percent
in 1994 compared to 1993. In response to the phase-out of its lower margin
assembly operations, WCS is continuing to reposition itself to focus on
producing and marketing components with a higher value-added content. WCS
expects its total revenues in 1995 to be approximately the same as in 1994. In
January 1995, WCS sold substantially all of the assets comprising the operations
of its refrigerant recovery and recycling machine product line, including all
related inventory. The sale was made on an installment-payment basis to an
unrelated third party.

     Sales at the Specialty Chemicals Division, principally car care products,
increased 13 percent on a worldwide basis compared to 1993. (This Division was
formerly referred to as the Petrochemical Specialties Division.) Excluding the
impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations, total revenues in 1994 would have
increased 12 percent compared to 1993. The sales increase was due principally to
increased sales in the U.S. and France. In the U.S., domestic revenues in 1994
increased 28 percent compared to 1993 led by strong sales of the division's
product warranty program and growth in export sales from the U.S. to Latin
American and Asian distributors. Foreign subsidiary sales increased 6 percent in
1994 over 1993. (The increase would have been 5 percent in 1994 if foreign
exchange rates had remained constant with 1993 rates.) Sales increased in
France, Canada, South Africa and Mexico, but decreased in Germany and the United
Kingdom.

     Sales of the relatively small Builders Hardware Division, comprised of
Robert Skeels & Company ("Skeels"), a regional builders hardware products
wholesale distributor, increased 5 percent from 1993, principally due to
revitalized sales and marketing programs and a general improvement in the
southern California economy.

     On a consolidated basis, total cost of sales in 1994 was 65.1 percent of
sales compared to 66.7 percent in 1993. The resulting increase in gross margin
was due primarily to higher sales and production volumes at Precision. The
Specialty Chemicals Division's gross margin declined in 1994 compared to 1993
because of a change in product mix. WCS' gross margin decreased in 1994 due to
the lower sales. The gross margin at Skeels increased slightly in 1994 compared
to 1993.

     Selling, general and administrative expenses increased to $80.3 million in
1994, or 27.4 percent of sales, from $76.0 million in 1993, or 26.7 percent of
sales. The increase in amount was principally attributable to higher sales at
the Specialty Chemicals Division and Precision, and higher corporate expenses.
The increase in operating expenses at the Specialty Chemicals Division reflects
this Division's growth in revenues. However, as a percentage of sales, its
operating expenses dropped significantly due to the change in revenue mix and
cost controls. Precision's operating expenses in absolute dollars increased over
1993 levels due to the higher revenues, but decreased as a percentage of
Precision's revenues. Operating expenses declined slightly at Skeels. During
1994, corporate expenses increased over 1993 levels primarily because of
increased expenses for incentive compensation, the adoption of a new accounting
standard for postemployment benefits, corporate severance costs and general
environmental matters. The Company closely monitors legal and factual
developments in the environ-

- -------
  16

<PAGE>

                          WYNN'S INTERNATIONAL, INC.

                     MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                  FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

mental area to evaluate the adequacy of present reserves.

     Interest expense in 1994 was $3.0 million, which was less than the $3.9
million of interest expense in 1993. The decrease is primarily due to the
reduction of outstanding indebtedness. In March 1994, the Company paid a $7.9
million installment on its 10.75 percent senior notes. During 1994, the holder
of the Company's 9 percent convertible notes converted $250,000 principal amount
of such notes into 17,045 shares of the Company's Common Stock.

     Income before taxes was $19.4 million in 1994, compared to $15.8 million in
1993. In the Automotive Components Division, operating profits of Precision
increased substantially in 1994 due to higher revenue levels. Precision's
profitability is sensitive to changes in volume. WCS recorded an operating loss
in 1994, compared to an operating profit in 1993, due to WCS' lower revenues.
Operating profits of the Specialty Chemicals Division increased 36 percent in
1994 due to increased revenues. (Operating profit would have increased 35
percent in 1994 if exchange rates had remained constant with 1993 rates.)
Operating profits of the Builders Hardware Division also increased in 1994
because of the Division's higher sales revenues and lower operating costs.

     The effective tax rate in 1994 was 39.0 percent compared to the effective
tax rate of 43.2 percent in 1993. The decline in 1994 is due to the higher level
of profitability in the U.S., which has a lower corporate income tax rate than
many of the international jurisdictions in which the Company operates. In 1994,
the Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No.112,
Employers' Accounting for Postemployment Benefits. Such adoption had no material
effect on the financial results or position of the Company.

     Net income in 1994 was $11.8 million compared to $9.0 million in 1993. The
improvement in 1994 compared to 1993 was primarily attributable to the higher
operating profit at Precision and the Specialty Chemicals Division, the decrease
in interest expense and the lower effective tax rate.

     Primary earnings per share in 1994 was $2.08 compared to $1.62 in 1993.
Fully diluted earnings per share in 1994 was $1.99 compared to $1.56 in 1993.
The increase in per share results in 1994 was due to the increase in net income,
partially offset by an increase in shares outstanding. The number of shares
outstanding increased primarily as a result of the conversion in 1994 of
$250,000 principal amount of the Company's 9 percent convertible notes into
17,045 shares of Common Stock, the exercise of stock options to purchase 24,325
shares of Common Stock and an increase in the outstanding stock options assumed
exercised.

FINANCIAL CONDITION

     Working capital at December 31, 1994 was $60.8 million compared to $61.3
million at the end of 1993. The current ratio was 2.03 to 1 at December 31,
1994, compared to 2.09 to 1 at the prior year end. The slight decreases in
working capital and the current ratio compared to December 31, 1993 were
primarily attributable to the decline in cash and cash equivalents and an
increase in accrued liabilities, partially offset by increased inventory,
accounts receivable and prepaid expenses and other current assets. Cash and
cash equivalents decreased $5.0 million to $16.4 million at December 31, 1994
compared to December 31, 1993, primarily due to a reduction in the Company's
outstanding debt during 1994. Inventory increased $3.9 million primarily due
to increases at WCS and Precision, partially offset by a reduction at the
Specialty Chemicals Division. Inventory at WCS increased $3.2 million compared
to December 31, 1993 as a result of increased production of aftermarket kits
for the 1995 season. The increase in inventory at Precision was required to
support the anticipated increase in revenues in 1995. Reduced inventory levels
at the Specialty Chemicals Division were the result of continued efforts to
reduce this Division's investment in inventory.

     Accounts receivable increased $.9 million to $47.5 million at December 31,
1994 from $46.6 million at the prior year end. This increase was primarily the
result of the higher revenues at Precision and the Specialty Chemicals Division
partially offset by lower receivables at WCS. Prepaid expenses and other current
assets increased to $13.3 million at December 31, 1994 from $10.8 million at the
prior year end primarily due to higher prepaid income taxes resulting from the
reclassification of certain deferred tax credits to long-term deferred taxes
based on income. Total current liabilities increased $2.9 million to $59.2
million at December 31, 1994 from $56.3 million at December 31, 1993. The
increase was primarily the result of increased accruals for warranty kit
programs, salaries and other compensation and other accrued liabilities,
partially offset by a reduction in the amount payable for taxes based on income.

     Property, plant and equipment increased $7.3 million to $48.2 million in
1994, consisting of $13.8 million in additions (principally at Precision and
WCS) offset by the annual depreciation charge of $5.9 million, as well as
retirements and foreign exchange adjustment.

     At December 31, 1994, the Company had two separate $15.0 million unsecured
domestic committed bank lines of credit, which permit borrowings through June
30, 1997, and one uncommitted line of credit. At December 31, 1994, $.2 million
in borrowings were outstanding under the uncommitted line of credit.  The
Company made the borrowings for working capital

                                                                          ------
                                                                            17

<PAGE>

                          WYNN'S INTERNATIONAL, INC.

                     MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                  FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

needs. The Company also has a committed $4.0 million unsecured multicurrency and
trade finance line of credit and various other foreign uncommitted credit lines.
At December 31, 1994, no borrowings were outstanding under any of these lines.

     The Company believes that additional lines of credit could be obtained if
necessary. Under present circumstances, neither additional lines of credit nor
additional long-term financing is required to supplement working capital
requirements, including the next scheduled payment of $7.9 million of long-term
debt due in March 1995.

     Stockholders' equity at the end of 1994 was $95.4 million compared to $84.4
million at the end of 1993. The increase resulted primarily from net income of
$11.8 million, $.6 million in the equity adjustment from foreign currency
translation, the amortization of $.4 million of unearned compensation, $.4
million from the exercise of stock options and the conversion of $.2 million of
convertible notes, reduced by dividends of $2.4 million. Under the Company's
Stock-Based Incentive Award Plan, 60,000 shares of restricted stock were issued
in December 1993 to the Company's Chief Executive Officer. The market value of
the restricted stock at the time of grant was recorded as unearned compensation
in a separate component of stockholders' equity and is being amortized to
expense ratably over the three-year vesting period. Amortization in the amount
of approximately $407,000 was recognized in 1994.

     In 1994, the stockholders approved an Employee Stock Purchase Plan, which
allows eligible employees to purchase shares of the Company's Common Stock at a
price equal to 85 percent of the market price at the beginning or end of the
plan year, whichever is lower. A maximum of 400,000 shares are available for
issuance over the term of the plan. The first plan year commenced on January 1,
1995.

     The Company expects total capital expenditures in 1995 to be approximately
$12 million, funded from current operations. As previously announced, the
Company will continue to explore possible niche acquisitions.

IMPACT OF CHANGING PRICES ON SALES AND INCOME

     The Company attempts to minimize the impact of inflation on production and
operating costs through cost control programs and productivity improvements.
Over the past three years the inflation rate has been relatively low.
Nonetheless, the Company has continued to face increases in the cost of labor
and some materials, despite requests for price reductions from many customers.
Due to intense competition, the Company in 1994 generally was not able to raise
prices to its customers to pass along the cost increases experienced.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

1993 COMPARED TO 1992

     Net sales in 1993 were $285.0 million compared to $291.8 million in 1992, a
decrease of 2 percent. Sales were down 2 percent for the Automotive Components
Division, which is comprised of Precision and WCS.

     Precision recorded a 15 percent increase in sales in 1993, attributable to
growth at all of its major operations except its Arizona aerospace operation.
Higher revenues were derived from sales of O-rings, composite gaskets and
engineered thermoplastics. Precision's Arizona operation is refocusing on new
commercial product applications for nonaerospace customers to help offset the
decline in revenues from aerospace customers. Precision continued to receive
requests in 1993 for price freezes or reductions from customers in a broad array
of markets. Precision expected this trend to continue in 1994 as customers
strived to lower costs through increased supplier competition. Increases in
revenue at Precision generally indicated an increase in the number of units
sold.

     WCS experienced a 17 percent decrease in revenues in 1993 compared to 1992
due to decreased sales in its OEM division. The OEM revenue decrease was
principally due to decreased sales to Mazda and Chrysler, partially offset by
increased sales to the Rover Group. Revenues in WCS' aftermarket division,
including revenues from company owned installation centers, were virtually the
same in 1993 as in 1992. WCS' revenues in 1993 from sales of its refrigerant
recovery and recycling machine were slightly higher than in 1992. WCS expected
sales by its OEM division to decline further in 1994 compared to 1993 due to
Mazda's previously announced decision to change its supply agreement when the
new product platform for the 323 vehicle is introduced in model year 1995 and
due to the expiration of WCS' supply agreement with the Rover Group. In response
to the loss of such supply agreements, and the concurrent worldwide
environmental limitations on the production of R-12 (the refrigerant used in
most automotive air conditioning systems) and the transition to the more
environmentally friendly R-134a refrigerant, WCS is repositioning itself to
focus on producing components with a higher value-added content. Accordingly, in
1993 WCS devoted substantial resources to develop the capability to produce more
efficient aluminum condensers and evaporators which improve performance of R-
134a systems. Additionally, WCS negotiated with major OEM customers to supply
retrofit kits for converting vehicles with R-12 air conditioning systems to R-
134a systems. Due to this restructuring process, WCS expected its total revenues
in 1994 to be below 1993 levels.

     Sales for the Specialty Chemicals Division, principally sales of car care
products, decreased 1 percent on a

- ------
  18

<PAGE>

                          WYNN'S INTERNATIONAL, INC.

                     MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                  FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

worldwide basis compared to 1992 due to the adverse effect of foreign exchange
rate fluctuations. Excluding the impact of these foreign exchange rate
fluctuations, total revenues in 1993 would have increased 5 percent compared to
1992. In the U.S., domestic revenues in 1993 increased 11 percent compared to
1992. Direct exports from the U.S. to Latin American and Asian distributors
increased slightly over 1992. Foreign subsidiary sales decreased 6 percent in
1993 due to the lingering worldwide recession and the adverse effect of exchange
rate fluctuations. Foreign subsidiary sales would have increased 2 percent in
1993 if foreign exchange rates had remained constant in 1993. Sales declined in
France, Spain, Belgium, the United Kingdom and South Africa, but increased in
Australia and Canada.

     Sales of the relatively small Builders Hardware Division decreased 17
percent from 1992, principally due to the general downturn in the southern
California economy and the more severe reduction in the area's construction
activity during 1993.

     On a consolidated basis, total cost of sales in 1993 was 66.7 percent of
sales compared to 66.9 percent in 1992. The resulting slight increase in gross
margin was due primarily to higher sales and production volumes at Precision.
The Specialty Chemicals Division's gross margin declined because of a change in
product mix to lower margin items. Gross margins at WCS and Skeels were
approximately the same in both years.

     Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased to $76.0 million in
1993, or 26.7 percent of sales, from $78.8 million in 1992, or 27.0 percent of
sales. The reduction was principally attributable to decreased expenses at the
Specialty Chemicals Division and WCS, partially offset by a volume-related
increase at Precision. The decreases in such expenses at the Specialty Chemicals
Division reflected the nonrecurrence in 1993 of the Division's 1992 costs of
converting its direct Brazilian branch into independent distributor operations
and a general reduction in spending in many categories of operating expenses.
The decrease at WCS occurred because of its revenue decline and management's
further control of operating costs. Precision's operating expenses in absolute
dollars increased over 1992 levels due to the higher revenues, but remained the
same as a percentage of Precision's revenues. During 1993, corporate expenses
increased over 1992 levels primarily because of increased expenses for lease
termination costs and general environmental matters. The Company closely
monitors legal and factual developments in the environmental area to evaluate
the adequacy of present reserves.

     Interest expense in 1993 was $3.9 million, which was less than the $5.1
million of interest expense in 1992. The decrease is primarily due to the
reduction of outstanding indebtedness. In March 1993, the Company paid a $7.9
million installment on its 10.75 percent senior notes. During 1993, the holder
of the Company's 9 percent convertible notes converted $750,000 principal amount
of such notes into 51,134 shares of the Company's Common Stock.

     Income before taxes was $15.8 million in 1993 compared to $13.3 million in
1992. In the Automotive Components Division, operating profits of Precision
increased 20 percent in 1993 due to higher revenue levels. Precision's
profitability is sensitive to changes in volume. Operating profits of WCS
decreased 14 percent in 1993 compared to 1992 due to WCS' lower revenues.
Operating profits of the Specialty Chemicals Division increased 6 percent in
1993 due to the significant decline in operating expenses, including the
nonrecurrence of the Brazilian costs described above. Excluding the effect of
foreign exchange rate fluctuations, operating profit would have increased 11
percent in 1993. Operating profits of the Builders Hardware Division decreased
$229,000 in 1993 because of the Division's 17 percent decline in sales revenues.

     The effective tax rate in 1993 was 43.2 percent compared to the effective
tax rate of 45.6 percent in 1992. The decline in 1993 was due to the higher
level of profitability in the U.S. which has a lower corporate income tax rate
than many of the international jurisdictions in which the Company operates. In
1993, the Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109,
Accounting for Income Taxes. Such adoption had no material effect on the
financial results or position of the Company.

     Net income in 1993 was $9.0 million compared to $7.3 million in 1992. The
improvement in 1993 compared to 1992 was attributable to the higher operating
profit at Precision and the Specialty Chemicals Division, the decrease in
interest expense and the lower effective tax rate.

     Primary earnings per share in 1993 was $1.62 compared to $1.34 in 1992.
Fully diluted earnings per share in 1993 was $1.56 compared to $1.29 in 1992.
(See Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of
the 3 for 2 stock split in 1993.) The increase in per share results in 1993 was
due to the increase in net income, but reduced by additional shares outstanding.
The number of shares outstanding increased primarily as a result of the
conversion in 1993 of $750,000 principal amount of the Company's 9 percent
convertible notes into 51,134 shares of common stock, the grant of 60,000 shares
of restricted stock in December 1993 and the assumed exercise of outstanding
stock options. Prior to 1993, the effect on primary earnings per share of the
assumed exercise of outstanding stock options was not included since the effect
was immaterial.


                                                                          ------
                                                                            19

<PAGE>

                           WYNN'S INTERNATIONAL, INC.

                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
THREE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1994
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                        1994           1993           1992
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                 <C>            <C>            <C>
Revenues:
  Net sales                         $292,651,000   $284,957,000   $291,788,000
  Interest income                        626,000        719,000        755,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     293,277,000    285,676,000    292,543,000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Costs and expenses:
  Cost of sales                      190,582,000    190,026,000    195,346,000
  Selling, general and
   administrative                     80,328,000     75,977,000     78,790,000
  Interest expense                     2,988,000      3,862,000      5,073,000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     273,898,000    269,865,000    279,209,000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income before taxes based on income   19,379,000     15,811,000     13,334,000
Provision for taxes based on income    7,558,000      6,830,000      6,081,000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income                          $ 11,821,000   $  8,981,000   $  7,253,000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Earnings per share of common stock:
  Primary                                  $2.08          $1.62          $1.34
  Fully diluted                            $1.99          $1.56          $1.29
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
See accompanying notes.



                        REPORT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS


THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND STOCKHOLDERS
WYNN'S INTERNATIONAL, INC.
  We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Wynn's
International, Inc. as of December 31, 1994 and 1993, and the related
consolidated statements of income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each
of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1994. These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on
our audits.
  We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
  In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Wynn's
International, Inc. at December 31, 1994 and 1993, and the consolidated results
of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31, 1994, in conformity with generally accepted accounting
principles.


                                                   /s/ Ernst & Young LLP
                                                   ---------------------

Los Angeles, California
January 27, 1995

- --------
20

<PAGE>

                           WYNN'S INTERNATIONAL, INC.

                           CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
DECEMBER 31, 1994 AND 1993
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ASSETS                                                 1994           1993
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                <C>            <C>
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents                        $ 16,446,000   $ 21,397,000
  Accounts receivable, less $1,835,000
   allowance for doubtful accounts
   ($1,848,000 in 1993)                              47,500,000     46,631,000
  Inventories                                        42,752,000     38,824,000
  Prepaid expenses and other current assets
   (including prepaid taxes based on income of
   $6,080,000 in 1994 and $3,176,000 in 1993)        13,302,000     10,772,000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     Total current assets                           120,000,000    117,624,000
Property, plant and equipment, at cost less
 accumulated depreciation and amortization           48,192,000     40,912,000
Costs in excess of fair value of net assets of
 businesses acquired, less accumulated
 amortization of $3,833,000 ($3,695,000 in 1993)      3,170,000      3,309,000
Other assets                                          5,110,000      5,954,000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                   $176,472,000   $167,799,000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Current liabilities:
  Notes payable                                    $    239,000   $    809,000
  Accounts payable                                   19,708,000     19,564,000
  Dividends payable                                     614,000        610,000
  Taxes based on income                               1,211,000      2,494,000
  Accrued liabilities:
    Warranty kit programs                             5,411,000      3,626,000
    Salaries and other compensation                   8,620,000      7,979,000
    Other                                            15,203,000     13,031,000
  Long-term debt due within one year                  8,161,000      8,180,000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     Total current liabilities                       59,167,000     56,293,000
Long-term debt due after one year                    14,948,000     23,389,000
Deferred taxes based on income                        6,917,000      3,675,000
Commitments and contingencies
Stockholders' equity:
  Preferred stock, $1 par value;
   500,000 shares authorized, none issued                 -              -
  Common stock, $1 par value;
   20,000,000 shares authorized,
   5,918,692 shares issued
   (10,000,000 shares authorized,
   5,877,322 issued in 1993)                          5,919,000      5,877,000
  Capital in excess of par value                      9,871,000      9,275,000
  Retained earnings                                  86,250,000     76,873,000
  Equity adjustment from foreign
   currency translation                              (2,238,000)    (2,814,000)
  Unearned compensation                                (781,000)    (1,188,000)
  Common stock held in treasury 347,250 shares,
   at cost                                           (3,581,000)    (3,581,000)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     Total stockholders' equity                      95,440,000     84,442,000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                   $176,472,000   $167,799,000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes.


                                                                            ----
                                                                              21

<PAGE>

                           WYNN'S INTERNATIONAL, INC.

                           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
                              STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Three years ended December 31, 1994
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                        Equity
                                                                      adjustment                         Common
                          Common stock      Capital in               from foreign                         stock
                        ----------------     excess of    Retained     currency        Unearned          held in
                        Shares    Amount     par value    earnings    translation    compensation        treasury            Total
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                   <C>       <C>          <C>         <C>          <C>            <C>               <C>              <C>
Balance at
 January 1, 1992      5,802,063 $5,802,000   $7,605,000  $65,091,000  $ 1,360,000        $  -          $(4,247,000)     $75,611,000
  Net income              -          -            -        7,253,000        -               -                -            7,253,000
  Cash dividends of
   $.40 per common
    share                 -          -            -       (2,159,000)       -               -                -           (2,159,000)
  Stock options
   exercised             10,725     11,000      136,000        -            -               -                -              147,000
  Restricted stock
   issued to employees    -          -           11,000        -            -               -               47,000           58,000
  Tax benefits related
   to employee stock
   option exercises       -          -            9,000        -            -               -                -                9,000
  Adjustments from
   foreign currency
   translation, net       -          -            -            -       (2,066,000)          -                -           (2,066,000)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at
 December 31, 1992    5,812,788  5,813,000    7,761,000   70,185,000     (706,000)          -           (4,200,000)      78,853,000
  Net income              -          -            -        8,981,000        -               -                -            8,981,000
  Cash dividends of
   $.42 per common
   share                  -          -            -       (2,293,000)       -               -                -           (2,293,000)
  Cash paid for
   fractional shares
   at time of split       -          -           (1,000)       -            -               -                -               (1,000)
  Stock options
   exercised             13,400     13,000      198,000        -            -               -                -              211,000
  Restricted stock
   issued to employee     -          -          603,000        -            -               -              619,000        1,222,000
  Tax benefits related
   to employee stock
   option exercises       -          -           15,000        -            -               -                -               15,000
  Conversion of
   $750,000
   convertible notes     51,134     51,000      699,000        -            -               -                -              750,000
  Adjustments from
   foreign currency
   translation, net       -          -            -            -       (2,108,000)          -                -           (2,108,000)
  Unearned compensation   -          -            -            -            -          (1,188,000)           -           (1,188,000)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at
 December 31, 1993    5,877,322  5,877,000    9,275,000   76,873,000   (2,814,000)     (1,188,000)      (3,581,000)      84,442,000
  Net income              -          -            -       11,821,000        -               -                -           11,821,000
  Cash dividends of
   $.44 per common
   share                  -          -            -       (2,444,000)       -               -                -           (2,444,000)
  Stock options
   exercised             24,325     25,000      323,000        -            -               -                -              348,000
  Tax benefits related
   to employee stock
   option exercises       -          -           40,000        -            -               -                -               40,000
  Conversion of
   $250,000
   convertible notes     17,045     17,000      233,000        -            -               -                -              250,000
  Adjustments from
   foreign currency
   translation, net       -          -            -            -          576,000           -                -              576,000
  Amortization of
   unearned
   compensation           -          -            -            -            -             407,000            -              407,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at
 December 31, 1994    5,918,692 $5,919,000   $9,871,000  $86,250,000  $(2,238,000)      $(781,000)     $(3,581,000)     $95,440,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes.



- ----
22


<PAGE>

                           WYNN'S INTERNATIONAL, INC.

                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

THREE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1994
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                1994                1993                1992
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                         <C>                 <C>                 <C>
Cash flows from operating activities:
  Cash received from customers                                              $291,806,000        $285,021,000        $290,969,000
  Cash paid to suppliers and employees                                      (254,867,000)       (241,061,000)       (257,823,000)
  Cash paid on warranty kit claims                                            (8,114,000)         (6,706,000)         (6,543,000)
  Interest received                                                              690,000             612,000             996,000
  Interest paid                                                               (3,020,000)         (4,071,000)         (4,986,000)
  Income taxes paid                                                           (8,623,000)         (5,339,000)         (3,891,000)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Net cash provided by operating activities                                 17,872,000          28,456,000          18,722,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash flows from investing activities:
  Additions to property, plant and equipment                                 (13,786,000)        (10,008,000)         (6,532,000)
  Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment                            806,000             553,000             327,000
  Other cash receipts (disbursements)-net                                        112,000             172,000            (158,000)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Net cash used in investing activities                                    (12,868,000)         (9,283,000)         (6,363,000)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash flows from financing activities:
  Borrowings under lines of credit-net                                          (570,000)           (131,000)            244,000
  Payments on long-term debt                                                  (8,210,000)         (8,533,000)           (421,000)
  Dividends paid                                                              (2,440,000)         (2,227,000)         (2,157,000)
  Proceeds from exercise of stock options                                        348,000             211,000             147,000
  Other cash disbursements-net                                                      -                 (1,000)              -
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Net cash used in financing activities                                    (10,872,000)        (10,681,000)         (2,187,000)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Effect of exchange rate changes                                                  917,000          (1,762,000)         (1,644,000)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents                          (4,951,000)          6,730,000           8,528,000
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                21,397,000          14,667,000           6,139,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                    $ 16,446,000        $ 21,397,000        $ 14,667,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Reconciliation of net income to net cash provided by operating activities:
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income                                                                  $ 11,821,000        $  8,981,000        $  7,253,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by
 operating activities:
    Depreciation and amortization                                              6,811,000           6,662,000           6,140,000
    Provision for uncollectible accounts                                         208,000             (39,000)          1,028,000
    Amortization of stock compensation                                           407,000              34,000               -
    Loss (gain) on fixed asset disposals                                          14,000              (4,000)            158,000
    Provision for deferred income taxes                                          178,000           1,041,000           1,737,000
    Decrease (increase) in:
      Accounts receivable-net                                                 (1,106,000)            (43,000)           (578,000)
      Inventories                                                             (4,163,000)          9,484,000           3,838,000
      Prepaid expenses and other current assets                                  374,000             609,000          (1,541,000)
      Other assets                                                               (21,000)           (418,000)           (297,000)
    Increase (decrease) in:
      Accounts payable                                                           144,000            (104,000)            546,000
      Warranty kit reserves                                                    1,785,000             294,000            (305,000)
      Income taxes payable                                                    (1,243,000)            450,000             453,000
      Accrued liabilities                                                      2,663,000           1,509,000             290,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Total adjustments                                                          6,051,000          19,475,000          11,469,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash provided by operating activities                                    $17,872,000         $28,456,000         $18,722,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities:
  In 1994 and 1993, additional common stock was issued upon the conversion of $250,000 and $750,000, respectively, of long-term
   debt.
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes.


                                                                        --------
                                                                              23

<PAGE>
                           WYNN'S INTERNATIONAL, INC.

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Basis of presentation-The accompanying consolidated financial statements include
the accounts of Wynn's International, Inc. ("Wynn's" or the "Company") and its
wholly-owned subsidiaries and one majority-owned subsidiary. All significant
intercompany transactions have been eliminated. Certain reclassifications have
been made to the prior years' amounts to conform with the 1994 presentation.

Stock split-The Company effected a 3 for 2 stock split in the third quarter of
1993. All share and per share amounts have been adjusted retroactively (see Note
2).

Cash and cash equivalents-The Company's policy is to invest cash in excess of
operating requirements in short-term interest bearing investments. Cash
equivalents of $13,566,000 in 1994 and $20,661,000 in 1993 include guaranteed
investment contracts, commercial paper, certificates of deposit and money market
accounts which have maturities of three months or less and are stated at cost,
which approximates fair market value.

Concentrations of credit risk-The Company places its temporary cash investments
in high credit quality financial institutions and investment grade short-term
investments and limits the amount of credit exposure to any one entity.
Substantially all of the Company's accounts receivable are due from customers in
the original equipment and aftermarket automotive industries, both in the United
States and internationally. The Company performs periodic credit evaluations of
its customers and generally does not require collateral. The Company does not
believe significant credit risks exist at December 31, 1994 with respect to its
temporary cash investments or accounts receivable.

Inventories-Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (principally first-in,
first-out) or market.

Depreciation-Depreciation and amortization of property, plant and equipment are
calculated principally on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives
of the respective assets.

Costs in excess of fair value of net assets of businesses acquired-Costs in
excess of fair value of net assets of businesses acquired are amortized on a
straight-line basis over a period of ten to forty years.

Income taxes-During 1993, the Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 109, Accounting for Income Taxes. The statement requires the use
of an asset and liability approach for reporting income taxes (see Note 5). The
Company provides taxes on the undistributed earnings of all foreign
subsidiaries.

Foreign currency translation-Gains and losses resulting from balance sheet
translation of foreign operations where a foreign currency is the functional
currency are included as a separate component of stockholders' equity. Gains and
losses resulting from balance sheet translation of foreign operations where the
U.S. dollar is the functional currency are included in the determination of net
income.


2. STOCK SPLIT; SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS PLAN
     On August 4, 1993, the Board of Directors authorized a 3 for 2 stock split
effected in the form of a stock dividend payable to stockholders of record on
August 26, 1993. All references in the financial statements to average number of
shares outstanding and related prices, per share amounts, convertible note and
stock option plan data have been restated retroactively to reflect the 3 for 2
split.
     In 1989, the Board of Directors adopted a Shareholder Rights Plan. The plan
provides for a dividend distribution of rights (the "Rights") with respect to
outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company issued prior to the earliest
of March 3, 1999, the redemption date of the Rights or certain takeover events.
In the event the Company is acquired under certain circumstances in a merger in
which the Company is not the surviving corporation, the Rights become rights to
purchase the acquiring company's common stock at a 50% discount (the "flip-over
feature"). In the event of certain acquisitions of 25% or more of the Company's
Common Stock, the Rights become rights to purchase the Company's Common Stock at
a 50% discount (the "flip-in feature"). The flip-in feature does not apply to
tender or exchange offers for all outstanding Common Stock determined by
non-management directors of the Company to be fair and in the best interests of
the Company and its stockholders (a "Qualified Offer"). The flip-over feature
does not apply to a merger following a Qualified Offer which provided the same
or a higher value to the remaining stockholders. The Rights may be redeemed by
the Company at a nominal price under certain circumstances. The Rights will
expire on March 3, 1999 or on such later date to which the Rights may be
extended by the Company, unless earlier redeemed.


3. FOREIGN OPERATIONS
     Condensed combined financial information of Wynn's foreign subsidiaries
(the operations of which are located in Australia, Belgium, Canada, France,
Germany, Mexico, New Zealand, South Africa, Spain, United Kingdom and Venezuela)
at December 31, 1994 and 1993 and for the three years ended December 31, 1994
before eliminations of intercompany balances and profits and

- --------
24

<PAGE>
                           WYNN'S INTERNATIONAL, INC.

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


any provision for taxes on repatriation of foreign earnings, is as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                            1994           1993
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                              (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                       <C>            <C>
Assets:
  Current assets                                          $40,432        $39,890
  Property, plant and equipment                             5,446          5,678
  Other noncurrent assets                                   3,277          3,508
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                          $49,155        $49,076
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Liabilities and stockholders' equity:
  Current liabilities                                     $22,361        $24,949
  Long-term debt and deferred
    taxes based on income                                   1,147            914
  Stockholders' equity                                     25,647         23,213
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                          $49,155        $49,076
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                             1994           1993           1992
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                       (IN THOUSANDS)
Net sales                                  $85,945        $92,911        $93,866
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income                                 $ 4,135        $ 3,784        $ 3,518
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

     Transaction gains and losses resulting from changes in foreign currency
exchange rates have been charged to operations and are immaterial.


4.   INVENTORIES
     Inventories consist of the following at December 31, 1994 and 1993:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                            1994           1993
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                               (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                      <C>             <C>
Finished goods                                           $22,781         $19,929
Raw materials and work in process                         19,971          18,895
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                         $42,752         $38,824
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

5.   TAXES BASED ON INCOME
     Effective January 1, 1993, the Company adopted Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 109, Accounting for Income Taxes, which requires the
use of the liability method of accounting for income taxes rather than the
deferred method previously in effect. Under the liability method, deferred taxes
are recognized for the tax consequences of temporary differences between
financial statement carrying values of existing assets and liabilities and their
related tax bases. As permitted under the new standard, financial statements for
prior years have not been restated. The cumulative effect of the accounting
change was not material.
     The provision for taxes based on income consists of the following elements
for the three years ended December 31, 1994 (in thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                        Deferred
                                               Liability Method          Method
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                             1994           1993          1992
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                         <C>            <C>           <C>
Current:
  Federal                                   $2,486         $1,943        $1,381
  State                                      1,104            940           842
  Foreign                                    3,790          2,906         2,121
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Total current                              7,380          5,789         4,344
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Deferred:
  Federal                                      377            190         1,727
  State                                        183            290           121
  Foreign                                     (382)           561          (111)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Total deferred                               178          1,041         1,737
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total                                       $7,558         $6,830        $6,081
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

    Pretax income for domestic and foreign operations for the three years ended
December 31, 1994 is as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                             1994           1993          1992
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                      (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                        <C>            <C>           <C>
Domestic                                   $11,216        $ 7,260       $ 5,711
Foreign                                      8,163          8,551         7,623
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                           $19,379        $15,811       $13,334
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

     A reconciliation of the statutory federal income tax rate to the effective
tax rate, as a percentage of income before taxes based on income for the three
years ended December 31, 1994, follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                             1994           1993           1992
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                         <C>            <C>            <C>
Statutory federal income tax rate           35.0%          34.0%          34.0%
State taxes, net of federal tax benefit      4.3            5.1            4.5
Taxes on unremitted foreign earnings         1.7            3.8            1.5
Foreign earnings taxed at various rates      3.7            3.3            4.9
Foreign tax credits                         (1.4)          (3.9)          (3.4)
Other (including valuation
  reserves)-net                             (4.3)           0.9            4.1
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                            39.0%          43.2%          45.6%
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

    At December 31, 1994, the Company had the following carryforwards for tax
purposes available for future utilization with the indicated expiration periods
(in thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                    FOREIGN NET                    TAX
               YEAR                OPERATING LOSS                CREDITS
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
               <S>                    <C>                          <C>
               1998                   $  -                         $169
               1999                     34                          224
               2002                     61                           -
               2003                     38                           -
               2004                     37                           -
               Unlimited               818                           -
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                      $988                         $393
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

                                                                        --------
                                                                              25
<PAGE>
                           WYNN'S INTERNATIONAL, INC.

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


5. TAXES BASED ON INCOME (CONTINUED)
   A valuation allowance of $1,651,000 has been recognized to offset
these and other deferred tax assets. The valuation allowance against deferred
tax assets decreased by $527,000 during 1994 due to the realization of tax
attribute carryovers.
   Significant components of the Company's deferred tax assets and
liabilities as of December 31, 1994 and 1993 are as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                            1994          1993
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                               (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                        <C>           <C>
Deferred tax liabilities:
   Foreign earnings                                        $3,289        $2,933
   Accelerated depreciation and amortization                2,081         1,670
   Pension plan                                               979           977
   Other                                                    3,530         2,217
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total deferred tax liabilities                              9,879         7,797
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Deferred tax assets:
   Accrued expenses                                         6,918         5,188
   Inventory valuation                                      2,393         2,639
   Tax attribute carryovers                                 1,382         1,649
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      Subtotal                                             10,693         9,476
   Valuation allowances                                    (1,651)       (2,178)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total deferred tax assets                                   9,042         7,298
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net deferred taxes                                         $  837        $  499
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

   The components of the provision for deferred income taxes, using the deferred
method, for the year ended December 31, 1992 are as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>

<S>                                                                      <C>
Inventory valuation                                                      $  432
Accelerated depreciation and amortization                                    95
Accrued expenses                                                            373
Repatriation of foreign earnings                                            (13)
Other-net                                                                   850
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                         $1,737
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

6. LINES OF CREDIT
   The Company has two domestic committed unsecured lines of credit for $15.0
million each and various domestic and foreign uncommitted credit lines. The
lines provide for borrowings at interest rates of prime (8.5% at December 31,
1994) and/or various other prevailing rates. The Company also has a $4.0 million
unsecured multicurrency and trade finance line of credit which provides for
standby and commercial letters of credit. At December 31, 1994, $239,000 in
borrowings and one standby letter of credit for $188,000 were outstanding under
these lines of credit. Short-term borrowings are stated at their fair market
value.
   In 1994, 1993 and 1992, the average amount of notes payable outstanding
during the year was $602,000, $1,177,000 and $1,744,000, respectively, and the
related average interest rate was 10.4%, 10.5% and 10.3%, respectively. The
weighted average interest rate on notes payable outstanding at December 31, 1994
and 1993 was 6.8% and 7.7%, respectively.


7. LONG-TERM DEBT
   Long-term debt consists of the following obligations at December 31, 1994 and
1993:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                            1994         1993
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                              (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                       <C>          <C>
To insurance company, due in
   annual installments of $7,938,000
   each beginning in 1993 through
   1996, plus interest at 10.75%,
   payable semi-annually                                  $15,876      $23,813
To insurance company, due in
   annual installments of $3,125,000
   in 1995 and 1996, plus interest at
   9%, payable semi-annually                                6,250        6,500
Other                                                         983        1,256
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                           23,109       31,569
Less amount classified as current                           8,161        8,180
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                          $14,948      $23,389
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

   The first two of the above obligations are unsecured. The $6,250,000 note due
to the insurance company is convertible into shares of common stock at a rate of
approximately $14.67 per share.
   The notes payable to the insurance company contain a prepayment penalty and
require, among other things, that certain working capital and net worth balances
and ratios be maintained. Future declarations of cash dividends will be subject
to these loan requirements. At the present time, Wynn's does not believe that
these requirements will have any impact on the declaration of future dividends.
   The Company's policy is to classify the convertible note as long-term since
the Company has the ability under its committed lines of credit, and the intent,
to maintain this obligation for longer than one year in the event the note is
not converted.
   The Company estimates that at December 31, 1994 the fair market value of its
long-term debt obligations is $26,479,000. The estimation of fair value is based
upon prevailing interest rates for similar maturities, risk factors and
conversion terms of the obligations.
   Maturities of long-term debt due after one year are: 1996-$14,398,000; 1997-
$202,000; and 1998-$348,000.
   Interest expense for long-term debt amounted to $2,564,000 for 1994
($3,524,000 for 1993 and $4,289,000 for 1992).

- --------
26

<PAGE>
                           WYNN'S INTERNATIONAL, INC.

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


8. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
   Property, plant and equipment consists of the following at December 31, 1994
and 1993:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                            1994         1993
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                             (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                       <C>          <C>
Land and land improvements                                $ 2,487      $ 2,442
Buildings                                                  24,440       21,822
Leasehold improvements                                        905          940
Equipment, furniture and fixtures                          74,032       65,199
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                          101,864       90,403
Less accumulated depreciation
   and amortization                                       (53,672)     (49,491)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                          $48,192      $40,912
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


9. RETIREMENT PLANS
   Wynn's and its domestic subsidiaries have four qualified defined benefit
retirement plans, which cover substantially all of their U.S. employees. One
plan is a compulsory noncontributory defined benefit pension plan that covers
the employees of the parent company and three domestic subsidiaries. Another
plan is a contributory defined benefit plan that covers the salaried employees
of one domestic subsidiary. Two other plans, which were collectively bargained
with the unions, cover hourly employees of one domestic subsidiary.
Substantially all domestic employees are eligible to participate in one of the
plans. Benefits under these plans are based on employees' earnings and length of
service with the Company. The funding policy for these plans is to make the
annual contribution required by applicable regulations, which are intended to
provide only for benefits attributed to service-to-date.
   Net periodic pension costs for the three years ended December 31, 1994
included the following components (in thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                             1994           1993           1992
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                         <C>            <C>            <C>
Service cost-benefits earned
   during the period                        $  859         $  732         $ 625
Interest cost on projected
   benefit obligation                        1,286          1,200         1,080
Actual return on assets                       (262)        (1,489)       (1,563)
Net amortization and deferral               (1,659)          (442)         (359)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                            $  224         $    1         $(217)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

   The majority of the pension plans have plan assets that exceed accumulated
benefit obligations. Plan assets include government bonds and securities, money
market accounts, mutual funds, corporate bonds and corporate stocks. The
following table sets forth the plans' funded status and amounts recognized in
the Company's consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 1994 and 1993 for its
U.S. pension plans (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                           1994           1993
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                     <C>            <C>
Actuarial present value of
   benefit obligations:
     Vested benefit obligation                          $(12,812)      $(13,977)
     Accumulated benefit obligation                     $(13,333)      $(14,538)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Projected benefit obligation                            $(15,907)      $(17,557)
Plan assets at fair market value                          19,075         19,910
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Plan assets in excess of projected
   benefit obligation                                      3,168          2,353
Unrecognized transition assets
   being amortized over various
   periods of time                                        (1,673)        (1,995)
Unrecognized prior service cost                            1,294          1,441
Unrecognized net (gain) loss                                (429)           638
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Prepaid pension cost                                    $  2,360       $  2,437
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

   Assumptions used as of December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992 were:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                            1994            1993           1992
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                         <C>             <C>            <C>
Discount or settlement rate                 8.5%            7.5%           8.5%
Rate of increase in
   compensation level                       5.5%            5.0%           5.5%
Expected long-term rate
   of return on assets                      9.0%            9.0%           9.0%
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

   Non-U.S. employees are generally enrolled in pension plans in their country
of domicile. The effect of the Company's foreign plans is considered to be
immaterial and has not been included in the above tables. Applicable expenses
for these plans have been included in consolidated net income. The Company
believes that these plans are adequately funded in accordance with local
actuarial principles and laws.
   In July 1993, the Company established a defined contribution plan for all
full-time U.S. based employees with at least 12 months of consecutive service.
Eligible employees are entitled to contribute from 1% to 10% of their base pay
into an investment trust, and the Company matches, at the rate of $.50 for each
$1.00 contributed, up to 3% of the employee's base pay. In addition, eligible
employees at December 31 each year receive an additional 1% of their base pay
contributed by the Company into the plan. The Company's total contribution into
this plan for 1994 and 1993 was $488,000 and $352,000, respectively.
   Prior to July 1993, the Company had a savings and investment plan for
eligible domestic employees of the parent Company and three subsidiaries, who
met certain eligibility requirements as defined in the plan. This plan was
terminated in 1993 and all funds in this investment trust were either
distributed to the employee or rolled over into the new defined contribution
plan. Company contributions amounted to $40,000 in 1993 and $53,000 in 1992.
   The Company provides postretirement medical benefits for certain retired
employees at the U.S. operations

                                                                        --------
                                                                              27
<PAGE>
                           WYNN'S INTERNATIONAL, INC.

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

9. RETIREMENT PLANS (CONTINUED)
of Wynn's-Precision, Inc. In 1993, the Company adopted Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 106, Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits
Other Than Pensions. At January 1, 1993, the accumulated postretirement benefit
obligation (before tax benefit) was $3.2 million, which the Company elected to
amortize over 20 years as part of the annual benefit cost. The net periodic
postretirement benefit costs were $281,000 in 1994 ($426,000 in 1993). In 1992,
the Company accounted for such costs on a pay-as-you-go method, and the cost was
$120,000. The Company does not prefund this benefit program. The following table
sets forth the program's status and amounts recognized in the Company's
consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 1994 and 1993 (in thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                            1994           1993
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                      <C>            <C>
Unfunded accumulated post-
   retirement benefit obligation                         $(1,663)       $(2,513)
Unrecognized net gain (resulting
   from reduction in estimated
   health care cost trend rates)                          (1,661)          (811)
Unrecognized net transition obligation                     2,879          3,039
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Accrued postretirement benefit cost                      $  (445)       $  (285)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


10. COMMITMENTS
    Wynn's rents certain facilities and equipment under various noncancellable
operating leases. Rental commitments under these leases, exclusive of property
taxes and insurance, are as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                            YEAR                         (IN THOUSANDS)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                            <S>                              <C>
                            1995                             $2,074
                            1996                              1,249
                            1997                                863
                            1998                                316
                            1999                                226
                            2000 and after                      300
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                            Total                            $5,028
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

   Rental expenses for all operating leases were $3,451,000 in 1994 ($3,977,000
in 1993 and $4,245,000 in 1992).


11. CONTINGENCIES
    Various claims and actions, considered normal to the Company's business,
have been asserted and are pending against the Company and its subsidiaries. The
Company believes that such claims and actions should not have any material
adverse effect upon the results of operations or the financial position of the
Company based upon information presently known to the Company.
   The Company is also involved in certain proceedings and potential proceedings
relating to environmental matters. At December 31, 1994, the Company had
consolidated accrued reserves of approximately $3.4 million relating to
environmental matters. Because of the uncertainties associated with
environmental assessment and remediation activities, it is difficult to
determine the ultimate liability of the Company related to these environmental
matters. However, based upon information presently known to the Company, the
Company believes that any liability that may result from these matters that is
in excess of the accrued reserves should not materially affect the Company's
financial position.


12. STOCK PLANS
   The Company has two stock-based plans pursuant to which current grants of
options to purchase Common Stock of Wynn's may be made. The Stock-Based
Incentive Award Plan ("1989 Plan") authorizes the grant of nonqualified stock
options, incentive stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock
and performance shares to officers and key employees of the Company. The
Non-Employee Directors' Stock Option Plan ("1994 Plan") provides for the grant
of nonqualified stock options to non-employee directors of the Company. In
addition, the 1982 Incentive Stock Option Plan ("1982 Plan"), which expired in
April 1992, authorized the grant of incentive stock options. Under the 1982
Plan, the aggregate number of options granted could not exceed 300,000 shares.
Under the 1989 and 1994 Plans, the aggregate number of stock related awards may
not exceed 537,500 shares. All options granted under the three plans have been
made at prices not less than 100 percent of the fair market value of the stock
at the date of grant. Options granted under the three plans are exercisable at
various dates over a ten-year period. However, under the three plans, no options
may be exercised until at least one year after the date of grant. During 1993
and 1992, 60,000 and 4,500 shares, respectively, of restricted stock were
awarded under the 1989 Plan. The 1993 restricted stock award vests in equal
installments at each anniversary date over a three-year period; the 1992 awards
vested at the one year anniversary. Recipients of restricted stock grants are
entitled to cash dividends and voting rights on their respective shares.
Restrictions limit the sale or transfer of shares during the vesting period.
Unearned compensation of $1,222,000 was recorded at the date of the award in
1993 based on the market value of shares. Unearned compensation, which is shown
as a separate component of stockholders' equity, is being amortized to expense
over the three-year vesting period. During 1994 $407,000 was recorded as expense
($34,000 in 1993). During 1994, 18,900 performance shares were granted under the
1989 Plan in connection with stock options granted to officers and other key
employees. At December 31, 1994, 17,900 performance shares were outstanding. No
stock apprecia-

- --------
28

<PAGE>
                           WYNN'S INTERNATIONAL, INC.

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

tion rights were outstanding at December 31, 1994. The following tabulation
summarizes certain information related to options for common stock:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                             1994           1993         1992
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                        <C>            <C>          <C>
Outstanding options
   at beginning of year                    396,550        345,000      360,750
Granted                                    108,500         68,250       13,500
Surrendered, forfeited
   or expired                              (22,175)        (3,300)     (18,525)
Exercised                                  (24,325)       (13,400)     (10,725)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Outstanding options
   at end of year                          458,550        396,550      345,000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Average price of options
   exercised during
   the year                                $14.31         $15.76       $13.74
At the end of the year:
   Prices of outstanding
     options                               $11.17         $11.17       $11.17
                                             to             to           to
                                           $21.25         $20.67       $18.17
   Average per share                       $15.94         $14.67       $13.57
   Exercisable options                     333,450        310,075      295,950
   Options available for
     future grants                         122,850        181,575      156,525
</TABLE>


13. EARNINGS PER SHARE
    Primary earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the
weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year. In 1994 and 1993,
primary earnings per share assumes the exercise of stock options. In 1992
primary earnings per share did not assume the exercise of stock options as the
effect from exercise was immaterial. Fully diluted earnings per share is
calculated by dividing net income adjusted for the interest on the convertible
debt by the weighted average number of fully diluted shares outstanding during
the year, and assumes the conversion of the convertible debt and the exercise of
stock options (see Note 2 for a discussion of the stock split effected in 1993).
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                           1994           1993          1992
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                        (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)
<S>                                      <C>             <C>           <C>
Net income                               $11,821         $8,981        $7,253
Net interest expense from
   convertible notes                         367            406           425
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net earnings for
   purposes of full dilution             $12,188         $9,387        $7,678
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net earnings per common share:
     Primary                               $2.08          $1.62         $1.34
     Assuming full dilution                $1.99          $1.56         $1.29
Weighted average shares
   outstanding:
     Primary                               5,694          5,547         5,396
     Assuming full dilution                6,129          6,032         5,975
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


14. BUSINESS SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION
    Wynn's operations are principally in three industry segments: Automotive
Components, Specialty Chemicals and Builders Hardware. Operations in the
Automotive Components industry involve the manufacturing and marketing of
O-rings and other static and dynamic seals principally for the automotive
industry; and the manufacturing and marketing of automotive air conditioners and
related replacement parts, sold for original equipment and aftermarket
installation by manufacturers, distributors and dealers, on international,
national and local levels. Operations in the Specialty Chemicals industry
involve the development, production and marketing of a wide variety of car care
products, automotive chemicals for the consumer, specialty chemicals and
equipment for professional automotive service centers and product warranty
programs for automotive dealerships, as well as industrial coolants, specialty
fluids and cutting fluids used in metal-working. Product sales in the Specialty
Chemicals Division are made primarily through domestic and foreign distributors.
Operations in the Builders Hardware industry involve the distribution of
builders hardware products, locksmith supplies and security locks from
manufacturers to retail outlets in southern California, Arizona and Nevada.
   Industry segment net sales include sales to unaffiliated customers. There
were no material industry intersegment sales in 1994, 1993 or 1992. In 1991 and
1990, intersegment sales represent sales of refrigerant recovery units from the
Automotive Components Division to the Specialty Chemicals Division. Intercompany
sales are recorded at prices mutually agreed upon by the respective affiliates
and approximate fair market value.
   Operating profit (loss) from segments represents net sales less operating
expenses before income taxes. Corporate expenses include normal corporate items
and expenses for environmental matters.
   Identifiable assets are those assets of Wynn's that are used in the
operations of each industry segment. Corporate assets are principally cash and
cash equivalents, prepaid expenses and other receivables. Intercompany loans and
advances and the related accrued interest thereon are excluded from identifiable
assets.
   Sales to the largest customer of the Automotive Components segment were 10.3
percent of consolidated net sales during 1994 (12.3 percent in 1993 and 16.7
percent in 1992).


                                                                        --------
                                                                              29

<PAGE>

                           WYNN'S INTERNATIONAL, INC.

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




14. BUSINESS SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
SUMMARY BY INDUSTRY SEGMENTS                                                    YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                            1994           1993           1992           1991           1990
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                     (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                      <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
Net sales
Automotive Components                                    $176,346       $181,478       $185,947       $172,836       $180,444
Specialty Chemicals                                       110,867         98,318         99,622         94,639         99,075
Builders Hardware                                           5,438          5,161          6,219          8,403          7,551
Intersegment sales                                           -              -              -            (1,915)        (1,947)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Total net sales                                        $292,651       $284,957       $291,788       $273,963       $285,123
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Operating profit (loss)
Automotive Components                                    $ 18,566       $ 16,643       $ 15,265       $(12,813)(a)   $ 10,570
Specialty Chemicals                                         9,564          7,046          6,636          6,964         10,330
Builders Hardware                                             392            193            422            507            650
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total operating profit (loss) of segments                  28,522         23,882         22,323         (5,342)        21,550
Corporate expenses                                         (6,475)        (4,575)        (4,155)        (3,591)        (3,174)
Corporate interest income                                     320            366            239            194            409
Interest expense                                           (2,988)        (3,862)        (5,073)        (5,179)        (5,819)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Income (loss) before taxes
    based on income                                      $ 19,379       $ 15,811       $ 13,334       $(13,918)      $ 12,966
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Identifiable assets
Automotive Components                                    $104,681       $ 95,069       $100,901       $106,135       $124,577
Specialty Chemicals                                        53,837         49,371         53,886         50,477         52,678
Builders Hardware                                           2,850          2,570          3,340          4,119          4,824
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Identifiable assets of segments                           161,368        147,010        158,127        160,731        182,079
Corporate assets                                           15,104         20,789         12,589          4,891          5,686
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Total assets                                           $176,472       $167,799       $170,716       $165,622       $187,765
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Depreciation and amortization
Automotive Components                                    $  5,064       $  4,930       $  4,380       $  5,896       $  6,881
Specialty Chemicals                                         1,679          1,656          1,688          1,522          1,501
Builders Hardware                                              37             40             30             58             42
Corporate                                                      31             36             42             45             42
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Total depreciation and amortization                    $  6,811       $  6,662       $  6,140       $  7,521       $  8,466
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Capital expenditures
Automotive Components                                    $ 11,990       $  9,070       $  4,829       $  3,163       $  4,942
Specialty Chemicals                                         1,759            921          1,678            978          3,248
Builders Hardware                                            -              -              -              -                17
Corporate                                                      37             17             25             15             56
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Total capital expenditures                             $ 13,786       $ 10,008       $  6,532       $  4,156       $  8,263
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<FN>
(a) Includes $20.7 million restructuring charge in 1991.
</TABLE>


- ---------
30

<PAGE>

                           WYNN'S INTERNATIONAL, INC.

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




14. BUSINESS SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
SUMMARY BY GEOGRAPHICAL AREAS                                                   YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                            1994           1993           1992           1991           1990
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                     (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                      <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
Net sales
United States:
  Sales to unafilliated customers                        $206,706       $192,046       $197,922       $192,580       $206,162
  Intercompany sales between
   geographical areas                                       5,236         12,181         10,629          6,907          3,331
Europe:
  Sales to unaffiliated customers                          52,510         61,276         63,495         51,915         46,844
  Intercompany sales between
   geographical areas                                         594            376            330            199             70
Other foreign:
  Sales to unaffiliated customers                          33,435         31,635         30,371         29,468         32,117
  Intercompany sales between
   geographical areas                                       1,239            832            465            265            300
Eliminate intercompany sales                               (7,069)       (13,389)       (11,424)        (7,371)        (3,701)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Total net sales                                        $292,651       $284,957       $291,788       $273,963       $285,123
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Operating profit (loss)
United States                                            $ 20,203       $ 14,908       $ 13,982       $(14,255)(a)   $ 10,424
Europe                                                      3,856          5,082          5,945          6,377          7,617
Other foreign                                               4,511          3,799          2,516          2,564          3,509
Eliminate change during year in
  intercompany profit in inventories                          (48)            93           (120)           (28)             -
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total operating profit (loss) of segments                  28,522         23,882         22,323         (5,342)        21,550
Corporate expenses                                         (6,475)        (4,575)        (4,155)        (3,591)        (3,174)
Corporate interest income                                     320            366            239            194            409
Interest expense                                           (2,988)        (3,862)        (5,073)        (5,179)        (5,819)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Income (loss) before taxes
    based on income                                      $ 19,379       $ 15,811       $ 13,334       $(13,918)      $ 12,966
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Identifiable assets
United States                                            $118,237       $107,283       $114,306       $121,441       $144,982
Europe                                                     30,951         31,290         35,115         29,365         25,752
Other foreign                                              15,214         13,576         13,883         13,391         14,272
Eliminate intercompany profit in inventory
  and intercompany trade accounts receivable               (3,034)        (5,139)        (5,177)        (3,466)        (2,927)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Identifiable assets of segments                           161,368        147,010        158,127        160,731        182,079
Corporate assets                                           15,104         20,789         12,589          4,891          5,686
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Total assets                                           $176,472       $167,799       $170,716       $165,622       $187,765
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<FN>
(a) Includes $20.7 million restructuring charge in 1991.

</TABLE>




                                                                       ---------
                                                                              31


<PAGE>

                           WYNN'S INTERNATIONAL, INC.

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




15.  QUARTERLY INFORMATION (UNAUDITED)
     Quarterly information is as follows (in thousands, except per share
amounts):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                            FIRST          SECOND         THIRD          FOURTH         TOTAL
                                                           QUARTER        QUARTER        QUARTER        QUARTER         YEAR
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1994
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                        <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>           <C>
Net sales                                                  $76,783        $76,865        $72,216        $66,787       $292,651
Gross profit                                                25,739         26,117         25,285         24,928        102,069
Net income                                                   2,701          3,358          3,043          2,719         11,821
Earnings per share:
  Primary                                                     $.48           $.59           $.53           $.48          $2.08
  Fully diluted                                               $.46           $.56           $.51           $.46          $1.99
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1993
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                        <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>           <C>
Net sales                                                  $70,508        $71,320        $73,193        $69,936       $284,957
Gross profit                                                23,599         24,161         23,712         23,459         94,931
Net income                                                   1,867          2,409          2,479          2,226          8,981
Earnings per share:
  Primary                                                     $.34           $.44           $.45           $.40          $1.62
  Fully diluted                                               $.33           $.42           $.43           $.38          $1.56
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
The above tables reflect retroactively the 3 for 2 stock split effected in 1993
(see Note 2).

The total of the quarterly per share primary earnings in 1993 does not equal the
total earnings per share for the year because the calculations are based on the
weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period.



                               CASH DIVIDENDS AND
                     COMMON STOCK PRICE PER SHARE: 1993-1994

The cash dividends and the high and low sales prices of the Company's Common
Stock for the past two years are shown in the following table and reflect the 3
for 2 stock split effected in 1993:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                1993                                                       1994
     -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        1ST QUARTER   2ND QUARTER   3RD QUARTER    4TH QUARTER   1ST QUARTER    2ND QUARTER    3RD QUARTER    4TH QUARTER
     -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                         DIVIDENDS PER SHARE
     -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        <S>           <C>           <C>            <C>           <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
           $.10          $.10          $.11           $.11          $.11           $.11           $.11           $.11
     -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                             SALES PRICE
     -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                          [A BAR GRAPH DEPICTS THE FOLLOWING SALES PRICES]
<S>     <C>           <C>           <C>            <C>           <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
HIGH      21 7/8        23 3/4        22 1/4         22 1/2        22 3/8         22 3/4         22 7/8         24
LOW       17 3/8        16 5/8        18 1/4         17 3/4        18 1/4         18 1/2         20 1/8         20 1/2
</TABLE>


- --------
32

<PAGE>

NUMBER OF STOCKHOLDERS
There were 412 stockholders of record at March 2, 1995.

STOCK EXCHANGE LISTING
New York Stock Exchange
Ticker Symbol: WN



                                                                          ------
                                                                            33

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>9
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 21
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                      EXHIBIT 21

                           WYNN'S INTERNATIONAL, INC.

                           SUBSIDIARIES OF REGISTRANT

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           State or other
                                                           jurisdiction of
     Name                                                  incorporation
     ----                                                  -------------
<S>                                                        <C>
Wynn Oil Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     California
  Wynn's Sales Corporation . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     California
  Wynn Marketing Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     California
  Wynn's Australia Pty. Limited. . . . . . . . . . . .     Australia
  Wynn's Belgium N.V.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     Belgium
  Wynn's Canada, Ltd.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     Canada
  Wynn's Deutschland GmbH. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     Germany
  Wynn's Espana, S.A.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     Spain
  Wynn's France, S.A.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     France
   Wynn's Automotive France. . . . . . . . . . . . . .     France
   Wynn's Automotive France Professional . . . . . . .     France
   Wynn's Industrie. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     France
  Wynn's Friction Proofing Mexico S.A. de C.V. . . . .     Mexico
  Wynn Oil (N.Z.) Limited. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     New Zealand
  Wynn Oil (South Africa) (Pty) Limited. . . . . . . .     South Africa
  Wynn Oil (U.K.) Limited. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     England
  Wynn Oil Venezuela, S.A. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     Venezuela
Wynn's Export, Inc.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     U.S. Virgin Islands
Alkid Corporation. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     California
Robert Skeels & Company. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     California
Wynn's Climate Systems, Inc. . . . . . . . . . . . . .     Texas
   Lone Star Manufacturing Co., Inc. . . . . . . . . .     Texas
   Wynn's Climate Equipment Company. . . . . . . . . .     Texas
Wynn's (UK) Limited. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     England
Wynn's Fluid Power, Inc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     Delaware
  Wynn's-Precision, Inc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     Delaware
   PRPC, Inc.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     Tennessee
   Wynn's-Precision Canada Ltd.. . . . . . . . . . . .     Canada
    Wynn's-Precision (U.K.) Ltd. . . . . . . . . . . .     England
    PRP Seals, Ltd.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     Canada
  Dynamic Seals, Inc.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     Delaware
</TABLE>

     Except for Wynn Oil Venezuela, S.A., all of the above-named subsidiaries
are 100% owned by Registrant.  Wynn Oil Venezuela, S.A. is 51% owned by
Registrant.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>10
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 23
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                                      EXHIBIT 23


                         CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS


     We consent to the incorporation by reference in this Annual Report (Form
10-K) of Wynn's International, Inc. of our report dated January 27, 1995,
included in the 1994 Annual Report to Stockholders of Wynn's International, Inc.

     Our audits also included the financial statement schedules of Wynn's
International, Inc. listed in Item 14(a).  These schedules are the
responsibility of the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to express an
opinion based on our audits.  In our opinion, the financial statement schedules
referred to above, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated
financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly in all material respects
the information set forth therein.

     We also consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration
Statement (Form S-8 No. 2-68157) pertaining to the Amended and Restated 1980
Stock Option and Appreciation Rights Plan and the 1982 Incentive Stock Option
Plan of Wynn's International, Inc., the Registration Statements (Form S-8 Nos.
33-30296 and 33-64090) pertaining to the Wynn's International, Inc. Stock-Based
Incentive Award Plan, the Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 33-53917)
pertaining to the Wynn's International, Inc. Non-Employee Directors' Stock
Option Plan, the Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 33-53921) pertaining to
the Wynn's International, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan, and in the related
Prospectuses of our report dated January 27, 1995, with respect to the
consolidated financial statements incorporated herein by reference, and our
report included in the preceding paragraph with respect to the financial
statement schedules included in the Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Wynn's
International, Inc.




                                        ERNST & YOUNG LLP



Los Angeles, California
March 28, 1995
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>11
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 27
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<PAGE>
<ARTICLE> 5
<LEGEND>
THIS SCHEDULE CONTAINS SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION EXTRACTED FROM FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS CONTAINED IN FORM 10-K FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1994
AND IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO SUCH FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.
</LEGEND>
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   12-MOS
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          DEC-31-1994
<PERIOD-END>                               DEC-31-1994
<CASH>                                          16,446
<SECURITIES>                                         0
<RECEIVABLES>                                   49,335
<ALLOWANCES>                                     1,835
<INVENTORY>                                     42,752
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                               120,000
<PP&E>                                         101,864
<DEPRECIATION>                                  53,672
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                 176,472
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                           59,167
<BONDS>                                         14,948
<COMMON>                                         5,919
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                          0
<OTHER-SE>                                      89,521
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                   176,472
<SALES>                                        292,651
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                               293,277
<CGS>                                          190,582
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                  190,582
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                80,120
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                   208
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                               2,988
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                 19,379
<INCOME-TAX>                                     7,558
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                             11,821
<DISCONTINUED>                                       0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                    11,821
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                     2.08
<EPS-DILUTED>                                     1.99
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
