-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 Ftu880jMpV/+RqGL5j1kpLLchwtct/Tp6j7jCqYq9cn0VQT28Rm8sz0Hz8KWBPQF
 5POchQucPwcT/kgtDnAyxA==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950131-96-001320.txt : 19960401
<SEC-HEADER>0000950131-96-001320.hdr.sgml : 19960401
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950131-96-001320
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		9
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19951231
FILED AS OF DATE:		19960329
SROS:			NYSE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WHEELABRATOR TECHNOLOGIES INC /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000790159
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AIRCRAFT PART & AUXILIARY EQUIPMENT, NEC [3728]
		IRS NUMBER:				222678047
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10296
		FILM NUMBER:		96540949

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3003 BUTTERFIELD ROAD
		CITY:			OAK BROOK
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60521
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6039293000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3003 BUTTERFIELD ROAD
		CITY:			OAK BROOK
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60521

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WHEELABRATOR GROUP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19890904

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HENLEY GROUP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19890118
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
 
================================================================================
                      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                            WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                   FORM 10-K

                             --------------------
(MARK ONE)

  [ X ]        ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF
                     THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1995
                                       OR
  [   ]      TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF
                     THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
               FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM         TO        

                        COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 0-14246

                         WHEELABRATOR TECHNOLOGIES INC.
             (EXACT NAME OF REGISTRANT AS SPECIFIED IN ITS CHARTER)

              DELAWARE                              22-2678047                 
  (STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF      (I.R.S. EMPLOYER IDENTIFICATION NO.)
  INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION)

                                  LIBERTY LANE
                          HAMPTON, NEW HAMPSHIRE 03842
                    (ADDRESS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES)
       REGISTRANT'S TELEPHONE NUMBER, INCLUDING AREA CODE:  603/929-3000

          Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                                               Name of Each Exchange
        Title of Each Class                    on Which Registered
        -------------------                    ---------------------
   Common Stock, $0.01 par value              New York Stock Exchange

       Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  None

     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.

                                Yes  X   No 
                                    ---     ---    

     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to
Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K. [X]

     THE AGGREGATE MARKET VALUE OF THE VOTING STOCK OF THE REGISTRANT HELD
BY STOCKHOLDERS WHO WERE NOT AFFILIATES (AS DEFINED BY REGULATIONS OF THE
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION) OF THE REGISTRANT WAS APPROXIMATELY
$1,199,657,285 AT FEBRUARY 1, 1996 (BASED ON THE CLOSING SALE PRICE ON THE NEW
YORK STOCK EXCHANGE COMPOSITE TAPE ON JANUARY 31, 1996, AS REPORTED BY THE WALL
STREET JOURNAL (MIDWEST EDITION)).  AT MARCH 1, 1996, THE REGISTRANT HAD ISSUED
AND OUTSTANDING AN AGGREGATE OF 178,892,208 SHARES OF ITS COMMON STOCK.

                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

     PORTIONS OF THE REGISTRANT'S ANNUAL REPORT TO STOCKHOLDERS FOR THE YEAR
ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1995 ARE INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE INTO PARTS I, II AND IV.
PORTIONS OF THE REGISTRANT'S PROXY STATEMENT FOR THE ANNUAL MEETING OF
STOCKHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON MAY 1, 1996 ARE INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE INTO PART
III.
================================================================================
<PAGE>
 
                                     PART I

ITEM 1 -- BUSINESS

GENERAL

     Wheelabrator Technologies Inc. provides a wide array of environmental
products and services that are primarily utilized in meeting the needs of
municipalities and industry for clean energy and clean water.

     The Company's clean energy group is a leading developer of facilities and
systems for, and provider of services to, the trash-to-energy, energy and
independent power markets.  Through this group, the Company develops, arranges
financing for, operates and owns facilities that dispose of trash and other
waste materials in an environmentally acceptable manner by recycling them into
electrical or steam energy.  Also within this group are business units which
design, fabricate and install technologically-advanced air pollution control
systems and equipment.

     The Company's clean water group is principally involved in the design,
manufacture, operation and ownership of facilities and systems used to purify
water, to treat municipal and industrial wastewater, to treat and manage
biosolids resulting from the treatment of wastewater by converting them into
useful fertilizers, and to recycle organic wastes into compost material useable
for horticultural and agricultural purposes.  The clean water group also designs
and manufactures various products used in water and wastewater treatment
facilities and industrial processes, precision profile wire screens for use in
groundwater wells and other industrial and municipal applications, and certain
other industrial equipment.

     The Company's predecessor companies and subsidiaries have been active in
project development for approximately 20 years, and in related activities since
the turn of the century.  A description of projects in operation which are
owned, leased or operated under long-term operating agreements by the Company's
subsidiaries or affiliates is contained in Item 2 -- Properties.  In addition to
the projects described in Item 2, the Company has domestic and international
projects in various stages of development that, in most cases, are subject to
contingencies, many of which are beyond the Company's control.  Such
contingencies include, without limitation, obtaining required permits or
approvals, obtaining equity and/or debt financing and consummating required
project agreements.

     The Company (then known as The Henley Group, Inc.) was incorporated in
Delaware in December 1985.  The name of the Company was changed in December 1988
to The Wheelabrator Group Inc. and again in August 1989 to Wheelabrator
Technologies Inc.  Unless the context indicates to the contrary, as used in this
report, the term "Company" refers to Wheelabrator Technologies Inc. and its
subsidiaries.  Unless otherwise indicated, all statistical and financial
information under Item 1 and Item 2 of this report is given as of December 31,
1995.

     Approximately 58% of the Company's common stock, par value $0.01 per share
(the "Common Stock"), outstanding as of March 1, 1996 was owned by WMX
Technologies, Inc. ("WMX") or its affiliates.

SERVICES AND PRODUCTS

     During 1995, the Company began managing its operations in the two principal
industry segments described below.  For information relating to revenues,
operating profit and identifiable assets attributable to
 
                                       1
<PAGE>
  
the Company's industry segments, see Note 10 to the Company's Consolidated
Financial Statements filed as an exhibit to this report and incorporated herein
by reference.

  Clean Energy

     ENERGY PROJECTS.  The Company, through Wheelabrator Environmental Systems
Inc. and its subsidiaries, is a leading developer, operator and owner of trash-
to-energy and independent power facilities in the United States.  These
facilities, either owned or operated, give the Company approximately 850
megawatts of electric generating capacity.  The Company's trash-to-energy
projects utilize proven boiler and grate technology capable of processing up to
2,250 tons of trash per day per facility.  The heat from this combustion process
is converted into high-pressure steam, which typically is used to generate
electricity for sale to public utility companies under long-term contracts.

     The Company's trash-to-energy development activities have historically
involved a number of contractual arrangements with a variety of private and
public entities, including municipalities (which supply trash for combustion),
utilities or other power users (which purchase the energy produced by the
facility), lenders, public debtholders, joint venture partners and equity
investors (which provide financing for the project) and the contractors or
subcontractors responsible for building the facility.  In addition, the
Company's activities have often included identifying and acquiring sites for the
facility and for the disposal of residual ash produced by the facility and
obtaining necessary permits and licenses from local, state and federal
regulatory authorities.

     The Company also develops, operates and, in some cases, owns independent
power projects, which either cogenerate electricity and thermal energy or
generate electricity alone for sale to utilities.  Cogeneration is a technology
which allows the consecutive use of two or more useful forms of energy from a
single primary fuel source, thus providing a more efficient use of a fuel's
total energy content.  These power systems use waste wood, waste tires, waste
coal or natural gas as fuel, and employ state-of-the-art technology, such as
fluidized-bed combustion, to ensure the efficient burning of fuel with reduced
emission levels.  During 1995, the Company entered into a joint venture for the
purpose of developing small cogeneration projects for district heating
applications in Liaoning Province in The People's Republic of China.

     AIR QUALITY.  The Company's subsidiaries design, fabricate and install
advanced air pollution control and measurement systems and equipment.  The
Company offers electrostatic precipitators, flue-gas desulfurization systems
(scrubbers), fabric-filter systems (baghouses) and nitrogen oxide ("NOx")
control systems, which remove pollutants from the emissions of the Company's
trash-to-energy facilities as well as power plants and other industrial
facilities.  The Company also designs, constructs and maintains tall concrete
chimneys and storage silos.  The Company's expertise in air pollution control
technologies and chimney design and construction are used in the design and
construction of the Company's trash-to-energy and biosolids pelletizer
facilities, which the Company believes strengthens its competitive position.

     The Company offers both custom and pre-engineered systems for emissions
control.  The custom engineering division licenses a patented process for the
removal of hydrogen sulfide from gaseous and liquid streams.  The process
controls hazardous gases and sulfur dioxide emissions, thereby reducing acid
rain and odor problems.  The Company also provides a full range of technologies
and services for destroying or recycling volatile organic compounds ("VOCs")
from air and liquid sources and NOx from air sources.  Both VOCs and NOx are
detrimental to air quality and the environment generally.  The Company's VOC and
NOx control systems are utilized by customers in a variety of industries,
including oil refineries, chemical plants and automobile production facilities.
Complementing the emission control divisions is a measurement division which

                                       2
<PAGE>
 
designs and installs continuous emissions monitoring systems ("CEMs") for the
utility, trash-to-energy, industrial furnace and petrochemical industries, all
of which are affected by regulations requiring the continuous monitoring of
stack emissions.

  Clean Water

     Through Wheelabrator Water Technologies Inc. and its subsidiaries, the
Company develops, operates and owns projects that purify water, treat water and
wastewater, compost organic wastes and treat and manage biosolids.  The Company
also provides products and systems used to treat drinking water as well as
industrial and municipal process and wastewater.

     WATER AND WASTEWATER TREATMENT SERVICES.  The Company is a leading provider
of a broad range of water and wastewater treatment services to municipalities
and industry throughout the United States, Canada and Mexico.  The Company
provides services pursuant to approximately 40 plant maintenance and operation
contracts, including water and wastewater treatment plant start-up assistance,
plant operations and maintenance, planning and management, training of plant
supervisors, operators and laboratory and maintenance personnel, refining
process systems, management systems for process control, and plant diagnostic
evaluations and energy audits.  The Company also provides specialty repair and
cleaning services for industrial water and wastewater management equipment.  The
Company's plant maintenance and operation contracts generally range in length
from three to 10 years and often provide the owner of the facility with renewal
options.  The majority of such contracts are fixed price or lump sum contracts.

     In July 1995, the Company became the first in the United States to acquire
a publicly owned wastewater treatment plant pursuant to Executive Order 12803
issued in 1992 which was intended to facilitate the privatization of municipal
facilities.  The agreement provides for a subsidiary of the Company to operate
the 4.5 million gallon per day MCD Franklin Wastewater Treatment Plant in
Franklin, Ohio for a period of 20 years and to expand the facility as needed to
meet future population growth.  In August 1995, the Company was selected by the
City of Wilmington, Delaware to negotiate a similar public-private partnership,
including the acquisition of the City's wastewater treatment plant.

     In addition, during 1995 the Company continued negotiations with several
industrial concerns toward the development, ownership and operation of water and
wastewater treatment facilities adjacent to existing industrial facilities.
Because development of such facilities will generally involve a variety of
contractual arrangements, as with development of the Company's other projects,
there can be no assurance that such discussions will result in the development
of any such facilities.  In December 1995, the Company entered into an agreement
with one industrial firm to design, build, own and operate a salt cake
purification plant adjacent to the customer's facility.

                                       3
<PAGE>
  
     BIOSOLIDS MANAGEMENT.  The Company offers generators of biosolids (the non-
hazardous sludges resulting from treatment of municipal and industrial
wastewater) alternatives to landfilling or other disposal options.  The Company
currently provides a range of management services, including land application,
drying, pelletizing, alkaline stabilization and composting to approximately 450
communities, typically pursuant to multi-year contracts under which the Company
is paid by the generator to make beneficial use of the biosolids.  Regulations
issued by the United States Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") in December
1992 under the Clean Water Act encourage the beneficial use of municipal sewage
sludge by recognizing the resource value of biosolids as a fertilizer and soil
conditioner, and establish requirements for land application designed to protect
human health and the environment.

     Land application involves the application of non-hazardous biosolids as a
natural fertilizer on farmland pursuant to rigorous site-specific permits issued
by applicable state authorities.  Biosolids are also used in land-reclamation
projects such as strip mines.  Land-applied biosolids are often stabilized prior
to application using proprietary technology.  The Company also develops and
operates facilities at which biosolids are dried and pelletized, and has four
facilities currently in operation and one other facility under construction.
Development of dryer facilities generally involves various contractual
arrangements with a variety of private and public entities, including
municipalities (which generate the biosolids), lenders, contractors and
subcontractors which build the facilities, and end-users of the fertilizer
generated from the treatment process.  These facilities incorporate a variety of
biosolids drying and emission control technologies, some proprietary and some
licensed to the Company under exclusive licensing arrangements.  See "Patents,
Trademarks, Licenses and Other Agreements."  The Company has approximately 560
dry-tons-per-day of biosolids drying capacity either in operation or under
construction.  Biosolids which have been dried and pelletized are generally used
as fertilizer by farmers, commercial landscapers and nurseries and as a bulking
agent by fertilizer manufacturers.

     EQUIPMENT AND PROCESS SYSTEMS.  The Company also engineers and manufactures
a variety of environmental products and systems.  The Company provides single-
source, advanced-systems solutions for the treatment of municipal drinking
water, industrial process water and wastewater, and for  slurry pumping and high
solids dewatering.  It also provides systems designed to remove solids from
liquid streams through the use of self-cleaning bar/filter screens, grinders,
macerators, conveyors and compactor systems.  The Company provides high
technology water purification and wastewater treatment systems that utilize a
variety of technologies including demineralizers, reverse osmosis and vacuum
degasification.  In addition, the Company designs and installs process
technology systems utilizing evaporators, crystallizers, electrodialysis,
dialysis, reverse osmosis, membranes and ultrafiltration for treating industrial
process wastewater.  The Company also produces profile wire screen products for
groundwater production, hydrocarbon processing, food processing and coal/mineral
processing.  The Company provides a number of these products and technologies to
industrial customers abroad through its operations in Spain, The Netherlands,
Ireland, France, Australia, Japan, Malaysia, Taiwan and Singapore.

     The Company's engineered products and process systems are provided to
municipal and industrial customers.  In most situations, the Company can provide
assistance to help the end-user select the appropriate technology for a given
application.  Turnkey systems provided by the Company range in value from
$250,000 to over $30 million, and are typically designed and installed within 12
months following acceptance of a customer order.  On such projects, the Company
typically enters into lump-sum contracts under which the Company receives
payments throughout the contract term based upon a predetermined schedule.

     The Company also designs and supplies enclosed automated composting systems
that recycle organic wastes into beneficial products which are used by
commercial landscapers, nurseries and fertilizer manufacturers.  These
composting systems, which consist of a series of parallel concrete bays through
which organic waste is

                                       4
<PAGE>
  
advanced and agitated during the composting process, are sold to municipalities,
among others.  The Company has provided its proprietary and automated in-vessel
composting technology to 25 facilities in operation, and 2 more are under
construction.

     The Company also manufactures a line of nonpolluting materials cleaning
systems for use by a variety of industrial customers, including foundries, steel
processors, automobile producers and rubber and plastics producers, in cleaning
and finishing metal and other materials.  The Company manufactures portable,
fully-enclosed units for cleaning difficult-to-clean surfaces such as ship decks
and hulls.  These systems capture the emissions particulate generated by such
operations, preventing contamination of the environment.  In addition, spare
parts for materials cleaning systems are produced.  The Company also
manufactures high-alloy combustion grates used in the high-temperature furnaces
of its trash-to-energy facilities.

REGULATION

     While in general the Company's environmental services businesses have
benefitted substantially from increased governmental regulation, the
environmental services industry itself is subject to extensive and evolving
regulation by federal, state, local and foreign authorities. Due to the
complexity of regulation of the industry and to public pressure, implementation
of existing and future laws, regulations or initiatives by different levels of
government may be inconsistent and difficult to foresee.  In addition, the
demand for certain of the Company's services may be adversely affected by the
amendment or repeal, or reduction in enforcement of, federal, state and foreign
laws and regulations on which the Company's businesses engaged in providing such
services are dependent.  Demand for certain of the Company's services may also
be adversely affected by delays or reductions in funding, or failure of
legislative bodies to fund, agencies or programs under such laws and
regulations. The Company makes a continuing effort to anticipate regulatory,
political and legal developments that might affect its operations but is not
always able to do so. The Company cannot predict the extent to which any
legislation or regulation that may be enacted, amended, repealed or enforced, or
any failure or delay in enactment or enforcement of legislation or regulations
or funding of government agencies or programs, in the future may affect its
operations.

     The Company's business activities are subject to environmental regulation
under the same federal, state and local laws and regulations which apply to the
Company's customers, including the Clean Air Act, as amended, the Clean Water
Act, as amended, and the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976, as
amended ("RCRA").  The Company believes that it conducts its businesses in an
environmentally responsible manner and believes itself to be in material
compliance with applicable laws and regulations.  The Company does not
anticipate that maintaining compliance with current requirements will result in
any material decrease in earnings.  There can be no assurance, however, that
such requirements will not change so as to require significant additional
expenditures.  In particular, pursuant to the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990
it is probable that the air pollution control systems at certain trash-to-energy
projects owned or operated by the Company's subsidiaries will be required to be
modified by the end of the decade to comply with the more stringent regulations
promulgated thereunder.  Although the expenditures related to such
modifications, to the extent required, will likely be significant, they are not
expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company's liquidity or results
of operations because the Company has the right to pass on to the majority of
long-term contract users of its trash-to-energy facilities increased capital and
operating costs resulting from changes in law. There can be no assurance,
however, that in such event the Company would be able to recover, for each
project, all such increased costs from its customers.  Moreover, it is possible
that future developments, such as increasingly strict requirements of
environmental laws and enforcement policies thereunder, could affect

                                       5
<PAGE>
  
the manner in which the Company operates its projects and conducts its business,
including the handling, processing or disposal of the wastes, by-products and
residues generated thereby.

     In September 1994, the EPA released its draft Dioxin Reassessment Report,
intended to update the EPA's scientific understanding of dioxin sources, the
fate of dioxin emissions in the environment, and the potential link between
dioxin in environmental media and any adverse human health effects.  The EPA is
in the process of revising its estimates of the annual contribution of trace
dioxin emissions from trash-to-energy facilities and has indicated that, upon
compliance with new air emissions standards proposed by the EPA in 1994, the
trash-to-energy industry will contribute less than 50 grams of dioxin a year.
The Company does not believe that the EPA's reassessment of dioxin, or
compliance with the proposed air emissions standards, will have a material
adverse effect on the Company's operations or financial position.

     In May 1994, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that residual ash from the
combustion of municipal solid waste is not exempt from federal hazardous waste
regulations.  The EPA and most states had previously taken the position that
residual ash was exempt from such regulation pursuant to the Clarification of
Household Waste Exclusion contained in RCRA.  As a result of the Supreme Court's
decision, the EPA announced that ash from the combustion of municipal solid
waste is subject to regulation as a hazardous waste if, when characterized, it
exhibits hazardous characteristics.  In response to these developments, the
Company installed its patented WES-PHix(R) technology at all of its trash-to-
energy facilities not previously subject to characterization requirements.  In
January 1995, the EPA resolved a significant issue with respect to
characterization of such ash with its determination that ash is only required to
be characterized at the end of the trash-to-energy process in the majority of
such facilities.  This determination by the EPA, coupled with the use of the
WES-PHix technology, has enabled the Company to continue to manage its residual
ash as non-hazardous waste.  Incremental expenditures required to treat and test
residual ash at the impacted facilities, net of expected contractual
reimbursements from customers, have not had and are not expected to have a
material adverse impact on the Company's financial condition or results of
operations.

Flow Control

     Also in May 1994, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that state and local
governments may not constitutionally restrict the free movement of trash in
interstate commerce through the use of flow control laws.  Such laws typically
involve a municipality specifying the disposal site for all solid waste
generated within its borders.  Since the ruling, several decisions of state or
federal courts have invalidated regulatory flow control schemes in a number of
jurisdictions.  Other judicial decisions have upheld non-regulatory means by
which municipalities may effectively control the flow of municipal solid waste.
There can be no assurance that such alternatives to regulatory flow control will
in every case be found to be lawful.  For example, the Company's Gloucester
County, New Jersey facility relies on a disposal franchise for substantially all
of its supply of municipal solid waste.  A recent federal court ruling in that
state invalidated a franchise applicable to construction and demolition waste
and has cast doubt on the validity of the municipal solid waste disposal
franchise, which is now being challenged in separate litigation.  The Supreme
Court's ruling has not to date had a material adverse effect on any of the
Company's trash-to-energy operations.  Federal legislation has been proposed,
but not yet enacted, to effectively grandfather existing flow control mandates.
In the event that such legislation is not adopted, the Company believes that
affected municipalities will endeavor to implement alternative lawful means to
continue controlling the flow of waste.  In view of the uncertain state of the
law at this time, however, the Company is unable to predict whether such efforts
would be successful.

                                       6
<PAGE>
  
Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act

     The Company's energy facilities are subject to the provisions of various
energy-related laws and regulations, including the Public Utility Regulatory
Policies Act of 1978 ("PURPA").  The ability of the Company's trash-to-energy
and small power production facilities to sell power to electric utilities on
advantageous terms and conditions and to avoid burdensome public utility
regulation has historically depended, in part, upon the applicability of certain
provisions of PURPA, which generally exempts the Company from state and federal
regulatory control over electricity prices charged by, and the finances of, the
Company and its energy producing subsidiaries.  While the recent changes in
Congressional leadership may increase the likelihood of a repeal or modification
of PURPA, it remains unlikely that such action would retroactively abrogate the
long-term contracts and rate orders pursuant to which most of the Company's
existing projects sell electricity.  Several recent rulings by state public
utilities commissions, federal courts, and the Federal Energy Regulatory
Commission have upheld the provisions of PURPA power contracts against utility
company rate challenges.  Furthermore, the operations of the Company's trash-to-
energy and other small power production facilities business are not expected to
be materially and adversely affected if the various benefits of PURPA are
repealed or substantially reduced on a prospective basis, due to the passage of
the Energy Policy Act of 1992 ("EPACT").  EPACT created an alternative ownership
mechanism by which independent power producers can participate in the
electricity generation industry without the burdens of traditional public
utility regulation.

COMPETITION

     The Company experiences substantial competition in all aspects of its
business.  It competes with a number of firms, both nationally and
internationally, some of which may have greater financial and technical
resources than the Company.

     The principal competitive factors with respect to the Company's project
development activities include technological performance, service, technical
know-how, price and performance guarantees.  Competing for selection as a
project developer may require commitment of substantial resources over a long
period of time, without any certainty of being ultimately selected.  Competition
for attractive development opportunities is intense, as there are a number of
competitors in the trash-to-energy, independent power, biosolids management and
water and wastewater treatment industries interested in such opportunities.  The
Company believes that its comprehensive project development capabilities,
operating experience and financing capabilities will enable it to continue to
compete effectively.

     In its water and wastewater treatment services business, the Company
competes with several national or international firms, primarily on the basis of
price and technical capability and experience.  In its biosolids management
business, the Company competes with several large national and regional firms
and numerous competitors which provide service in local markets.  In the
biosolids market, the principal competitive factors are price, availability of
sites for temporary storage and beneficial reuse of biosolids and technical
experience.  In the air pollution control business, the Company competes with
several large and small firms, both nationally and internationally, depending on
the type and size of project being performed.  The principal competitive factors
in the air pollution control industry are price, technological capabilities and
service.  In supplying equipment and process systems, the Company competes with
numerous manufacturing and engineering firms on a global basis, the principal
competitive factors being price and technological performance.

     At the time of the 1990 merger between the Company and a subsidiary of WMX
which resulted in WMX's acquisition of a controlling interest in the Company
(the "1990 Merger"), the Company was granted an

                                       7
<PAGE>
  
option to acquire an equity interest in WMX's international waste services
operations, now conducted through WM International plc ("WM International"), a
majority-owned subsidiary of WMX.  In connection with the acquisition of an
equity interest in WM International in 1991, the Company agreed that it would
not conduct waste management services operations or engage in the operation and
maintenance of water and wastewater treatment facilities outside of North
America, other than through its ownership interest in WM International, until
the later of (i) July 1, 2000 and (ii) the date on which WMX ceases to
beneficially own a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or a
majority of all outstanding voting equity interests of WM International.

     Notwithstanding the foregoing, in 1995, the Company and WM International
entered into a joint venture agreement whereby the Company will have primary
responsibility for the early stage development of trash-to-energy projects
outside North America (except in Italy and Germany) and WM International will
have the right to acquire up to 49% of all equity of any such project available
to WM International, the Company and their affiliates, with the Company or other
investors owning the balance. Subject to some exceptions, the Company has
committed to expend $10 million in development costs during the initial term of
the joint venture, which expires on July 1, 2000. Thereafter, the joint venture
will continue indefinitely, subject to the right of either WM International or
the Company to terminate it by giving one year's written notice.

     In connection with the initial public offering of ordinary shares of WM
International, the Company, WM International, Chemical Waste Management, Inc.
("CWM") and WMX entered into an International Business Opportunities Agreement
which incorporates certain previously existing agreements among certain of the
parties thereto made in connection with the 1990 Merger.  The International
Business Opportunities Agreement was amended and restated in connection with the
organization of Rust International Inc. ("Rust"), to which the Company
transferred, among other things, its engineering, environmental consulting and
construction businesses in 1993 in exchange for an equity interest in Rust, and
Rust became a party thereto.  Under the Amended and Restated International
Business Opportunities Agreement, the parties agreed that in order to minimize
the potential for conflicts of interest among various subsidiaries under the
common control of WMX, WMX has the right to direct business opportunities to the
WMX controlled subsidiary which, in the reasonable and good faith judgment of
WMX, has the most experience and expertise in the particular line of business
involved.  Opportunities in North America relating to (i) the manufacture or
assembly of well screens, materials cleaning equipment, pumps and packaged water
and wastewater treatment facilities; (ii) the operation and maintenance and,
with respect to item (c) below, design, engineering and construction, of (a)
municipal trash-to-energy facilities, (b) water, wastewater and sewage treatment
facilities (excluding facilities designed to treat hazardous waste streams), (c)
chimneys and air pollution control equipment and facilities (which allocation is
worldwide), and (d) small power projects and independent power generation
facilities (except for landfill gas recovery facilities which are covered under
the Intellectual Property Licensing Agreement described under "Patents,
Trademarks, Licenses and Other Agreements"); and (iii) facilities which treat or
otherwise stabilize ash residues from trash-to-energy facilities, have been
allocated to the Company.  The Agreement allocates certain business
opportunities, some of which were previously allocated to the Company, to Rust.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

     The Company undertakes research and development in numerous areas of its
operations, including energy generation, environmental control and the handling
and recovery of waste materials and waste gases, water, wastewater and
industrial process water technologies, and VOC catalyst and control
technologies.  the Company spent approximately $4.1 million, $3.5 million and
$5.1 million on research and development during 1993, 1994 and 1995,
respectively.  In addition, the Company receives significant benefits from
technological advances realized in connection with specific projects undertaken
on its own behalf or under contracts with

                                       8
<PAGE>
  
customers.  Significant technological benefits are also realized through the
Company's experience in operating its existing projects.

PATENTS, TRADEMARKS, LICENSES AND OTHER AGREEMENTS

     The Company owns or licenses a number of patents and patent applications or
other proprietary technology that are important to various aspects of its
business.  While certain of such licenses or patented technology may be material
to the development of a given project, the Company believes that its overall
business depends primarily on such factors as project development capability,
engineering skill, and research and production techniques rather than on patent
protection.

     In January 1995, the Company acquired from Champion International
Corporation ("Champion") the exclusive, worldwide license rights for a
proprietary plant effluent recycling process used in bleached kraft pulp mills
and, from Sterling Pulp Chemicals, Ltd. ("Sterling"), the chloride removal
process technology incorporated therein.  The Company has a license agreement of
unlimited duration with each of Champion and Sterling, subject to the Company
fulfilling certain minimum obligations specified therein.  The Company plans to
design and market zero-liquid-discharge process water systems utilizing the
licensed technology to remove chlorinated organics.

     Pursuant to a long-standing arrangement between the Company and von Roll
Ltd. ("von Roll"), the Company has an exclusive license in the United States and
Mexico to use certain combustion-grate technology owned by von Roll.  The
Company uses this technology in its trash-to-energy projects.  The license
agreement runs through December 31, 1998, subject to additional three-year-term
renewals unless either party gives 12 months written notice of termination to
the other.  Either party to the license agreement may also terminate the
contract upon one year's written notice and payment of a termination fee.
Neither party has provided a termination notice.

     The Company has an agreement (the "Boiler Purchase Agreement") with Babcock
& Wilcox Company ("B&W"), whereby B&W has agreed to provide, and the Company has
agreed to purchase, certain boilers suitable for use in the Company's trash-to-
energy facilities having a combustion capacity equal to or greater than 250
tons-per-day.  In addition, B&W agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the
Company's proprietary information incorporated in the boiler design, and not to
use such information except for the purpose of manufacturing boilers for sale to
the Company or its affiliates.  The confidentiality provisions will survive the
termination of the Boiler Purchase Agreement.  The Boiler Purchase Agreement
will remain in effect until June 30, 1997, subject to additional three-year-term
renewals.

     The Company possesses foreign and domestic patents on various biosolids
treatment processes.  The Company has a license agreement with Seghers
Engineering N.V. of Bruges, Belgium, granting the Company the exclusive right to
use and market the Seghers Zerofuel sludge drying system, including the
Seghodryer indirect multi-stage dryer for biosolids, within the United States
and Canada.  The license will remain in effect through the year 2011 provided
that the Company meets specified levels of equipment orders or makes certain
minimum payments under the agreement.  In August 1994, the Company entered into
a Know-How and Patent License Agreement with SC Technology AG of Switzerland
pursuant to which the Company obtained certain exclusive patent and proprietary
rights in the United States with respect to Swiss Combi dryer technology
applicable to the drying and pelletizing of non-hazardous biosolids.  The
agreement has a five-year term with certain renewal rights.  The Swiss Combi
technology has been incorporated into the Baltimore, Maryland dryer

                                       9
<PAGE>
  
and pelletizer facility which is now under construction.  In addition, the
Company holds several patents relating to the processing of biosolids through a
direct biosolids dryer system.

     The Company is a party to a Land Option Agreement, as amended (the "Land
Option Agreement"), with Waste Management, Inc. ("Waste Management"), a wholly-
owned subsidiary of WMX, providing the Company until December 31, 2020 with the
right, subject to certain restrictions, to acquire or lease sites for future
trash-to-energy, biosolids management, organic waste composting or, subject to
certain pre-conditions, medical waste incineration and autoclave facilities at
any of Waste Management's existing or future landfills in the United States and
Canada.  Under the Land Option Agreement, Waste Management is obligated to pay
the Company, at the end of the stated term of the agreement, an amount in cash
equal to the Company's book value (less related deferred taxes) for such portion
of the option as has not been allocated to acquired or leased parcels.  In
addition, the Company is a party to an Airspace Dedication Agreement, as
amended, with Waste Management permitting the Company, for a period ending
August 12, 2008,  and subject to certain conditions and restrictions, to reserve
capacity at Waste Management landfills for the disposal of certain wastes for
fees generally on terms at least as favorable as those charged to other
customers, and granting disposal credits to be credited against future disposal
fees.

     In connection with the 1990 Merger, the predecessor of WM International,
Waste Management International, Inc. ("WMII"), and Waste Management entered into
an Intellectual Property Licensing Agreement with the Company.  WM International
has succeeded to the rights and obligations of WMII under the Intellectual
Property Licensing Agreement as well as certain other agreements to which the
Company and WMII were parties.  Pursuant to the Intellectual Property Licensing
Agreement:  (i) WM International granted the Company a 10-year, non-exclusive,
royalty-free license, with two successive 5-year renewal options, to the "BRINI"
recycling and composting technology owned by WM International; (ii) Waste
Management granted the Company a 10-year, non-exclusive, royalty-free license,
with two successive 5-year renewal options, to the Recycle America(R) and
Recycle Canada(R) trademarks and logos and the related materials separation and
processing technology of Waste Management for use in conjunction with recycling
operations at or adjacent to any Company facility; (iii) Waste Management agreed
to use reasonable efforts to enable the Company to sell recyclable materials to
joint ventures or other markets developed by Waste Management; (iv) Waste
Management agreed, to the extent consistent with its business plans, to use good
faith efforts to develop its curbside recycling programs and free-standing
recyclable materials recovery facilities to also support Company facilities; (v)
the Company agreed to designate Waste Management as the provider of recyclable
collection services for Company facilities to the extent possible, before
offering such opportunity to any third party; (vi) Waste Management granted the
Company a 10-year, non-exclusive, royalty-free license, with two successive 5-
year renewal options, to all of Waste Management's proprietary technology and
know-how in the area of landfill gas recovery and the conversion of such gas to
energy (such license does not extend to the use by the Company of technology and
know-how at sanitary landfill sites owned, operated or maintained by Waste
Management or its subsidiaries and affiliates, other than the Company and its
subsidiaries); and (vii) Waste Management agreed that only the Company, and not
Waste Management, may develop the business of designing, constructing, operating
and maintaining landfill gas recovery facilities for governmental, industrial
and third party customers.  To the extent the Company develops landfill gas
recovery technology and know-how during the period of its license (and renewals)
from Waste Management, it will share such technology and know-how with Waste
Management on a similar royalty-free basis.  The Company may waive its rights to
develop landfill gas recovery systems on a case-by-case basis in those
situations in which financial objectives specified by the Company's Board of
Directors cannot be achieved by the Company through development of such
projects.  Projects waived by the Company may be developed by Waste Management.
 
                                       10
<PAGE>
  
     The licenses and related rights and obligations to conduct business granted
under the Intellectual Property Licensing Agreement terminate, as to facilities
not already operational, contractually committed or the subject of, or
contemplated by, a bid or other submission previously made by the Company or
Waste Management, as the case may be, at the earlier of the termination of the
stated license periods, the expiration of any patent licensed under the
agreement, or the date on which the Company is no longer a majority-owned
subsidiary of WMX.

     The Company, WMX, CWM, Rust and WM International are also parties to a
First Amended and Restated Master License Agreement.  Under the Master License
Agreement, as amended, each of the Company, WMX, Rust and CWM, on the one hand,
and WM International, on the other, is granted the right to license, on a non-
exclusive basis, certain proprietary rights of the other.  The consideration for
any such license will be based upon the fair market value of a license for the
licensed technology at the time of grant, but may not exceed the most favorable
price charged an unaffiliated licensee for a comparable license.

RAW MATERIALS

     Raw materials used by the Company, including fuel for its projects (such as
trash, waste wood, waste tires, waste coal and natural gas), are generally
readily available from many different suppliers.  The majority of the solid
waste disposed at the Company's energy projects is commonly obtained through
long-term supply contracts with solid waste disposal authorities and
municipalities under which minimum disposal fees are fixed and which generally
provide for escalation in accordance with various price indexes.  With respect
to the Company's manufacturing businesses, the principal raw materials are
carbon steel, steel alloy plate, stainless steel wire and plate and scrap
metals.  The raw materials necessary to each of the Company's businesses are
readily available from a variety of sources and the Company does not anticipate
any difficulty in obtaining such materials.

EMPLOYEES

     As of December 31, 1995, the Company had approximately 4,600 full-time
employees.  The Company considers relations with its employees to be
satisfactory.

FINANCING CAPABILITIES AND FUNDING SUPPORT AGREEMENTS

     One of the most significant costs associated with the Company's own-and-
operate projects may be debt service or lease rentals payable in connection with
financing for the project.  Financing structures vary substantially from
transaction to transaction.  The amount of annual financing cost is directly
related to the capital cost of the facility, which may vary greatly from plant
to plant, even with regard to similarly sized plants, due to a number of
factors.  These include the type of technology utilized, the amount of site
preparation required and, where applicable, the form of energy generated and the
proximity to the energy delivery point.

Financing Capabilities

     Each trash-to-energy, cogeneration, biosolids pelletizer and major
water/wastewater treatment own-and-operate project developed by the Company
requires substantial amounts of capital that generally range from $30 million to
$400 million.  Historically, such capital requirements have been financed
through the issuance of project debt and the investment of Company funds and
third party equity.  The debt has primarily consisted of long-term tax-exempt or
taxable bonds secured by a pledge of project revenues and assets, with certain
additional

                                       11
<PAGE>
  
security being provided, in some cases, directly or indirectly, by the Company,
WMX or another project support entity.  The Company has also used partnership,
joint venture and sale and leaseback structures to bring third party equity into
its project financings.  The Company expects to finance its working capital
requirements with its available cash.  To the extent required, the Company has
additional cash available to it pursuant to the Restated Funding Agreement
described below or through the working capital program established between the
Company and WMX described below under "Master Intercorporate Agreement."
Certain agreements with respect to the Company's financing capabilities and
funding support are described below.

Restated Funding Agreement

     Pursuant to a Restated Funding Agreement between WMX and the Company, WMX
agreed to use reasonable efforts to assist the Company, at the Company's
request, in obtaining and maintaining a credit rating of "A" or better from
Standard & Poor's Corporation or Moody's Investors Service for the Company's
long-term unsecured debt securities.  WMX's obligations under the Restated
Funding Agreement, which terminate on August 12, 2008, may involve anything from
contingent credit support obligations to and including WMX's purchase from the
Company of up to $200 million principal amount of Company securities, which may
be either debt, equity or a combination thereof (the "Securities").  WMX's
obligations will be deemed satisfied by the purchase of such Securities, even if
the purchase of all of the Securities does not enable the Company to obtain an
"A" rating.  In addition, the obligation to purchase any of the Securities will
be suspended if the Company does not reasonably demonstrate its ability to pay
interest or cash dividends, as the case may be, on the Securities.  WMX's
obligations will also be suspended during any period in which the Company
obtains and maintains an "A" rating and will be reduced to the extent that the
purchase of a lesser amount of Securities will allow the Company to obtain or
maintain such a rating.  Any Securities issued to WMX will be subject to
mandatory repayment or redemption in equal annual installments during the 25
years following their date of issuance, and they may be prepaid or redeemed by
the Company, at its option, if the directors of the Company not affiliated with
WMX or the Company conclude that such repayment or redemption is in the best
interests of the Company and its stockholders.  Any Securities redeemed or
prepaid prior to August 12, 2008 will restore availability under the $200
million purchase obligation referred to above.  The Company has an implied "A-"
credit rating from Standard & Poor's Corporation.  The attainment of such rating
did not involve the sale of any Securities to WMX.

Master Support Agreement

     Under a Master Support Agreement between Resco Holdings Inc. ("Resco"), a
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and AlliedSignal Inc. ("AlliedSignal"),
Resco is required to reimburse AlliedSignal for any credit support payments
AlliedSignal is required to make under various credit support agreements with
respect to trash-to-energy projects of Resco.  In addition, Resco is required to
maintain its Consolidated Tangible Net Worth (as defined in the Master Support
Agreement) at an amount equal to $549.8 million, which amount is automatically
increased (but not decreased) to 90% of Resco's Consolidated Tangible Net Worth
at the end of each quarter.  As of December 31, 1995, Resco was in compliance
with this provision.  Resco is prohibited from paying cash dividends or
acquiring any shares of its capital stock if its Consolidated Tangible Net Worth
is, or would as a consequence of such payment or acquisition be, less than the
required amount.  The Master Support Agreement also restricts the ability of
Resco to subject its property or the properties of its subsidiaries to liens
securing indebtedness for money borrowed or similar indebtedness and may require
Resco, under certain circumstances, to refinance indebtedness of trash-to-energy
projects for which AlliedSignal's credit support is provided.  AlliedSignal is
providing credit support in respect of two of the Company's trash-to-energy
facilities pursuant to the Master Support Agreement.

                                       12
<PAGE>
  
Master Intercorporate Agreement

     In connection with the 1990 Merger, the Company, WMX and CWM entered into a
Master Intercorporate Agreement.  Among other things, the Company and WMX agreed
to implement a cash management and working capital program under the agreement.
The agreement was amended and restated in 1993 to modify certain aspects of the
cash management program established thereunder and again in 1995 to extend the
term of the $100 million funding commitment, as described below.  Subject to
certain restrictions specified in the agreement, WMX agreed to fund the
Company's working capital requirements at rates equal to or lower than those the
Company would otherwise be able to obtain on the open market.  The Company may
borrow up to $100 million from WMX through December 1996, with automatic annual
renewal periods thereafter, pursuant to the Master Intercorporate Agreement,
plus the amount of cash invested by the Company with WMX.  The remaining
obligations of WMX under the Master Intercorporate Agreement will terminate at
the time that both (i) WMX does not own a majority of the capital stock of the
Company and (ii) WMX does not exercise, prior to its expiration, the option to
maintain majority ownership of the capital stock of the Company (as provided in
the Master Intercorporate Agreement).

ACQUISITIONS

     During 1995, the Company acquired one business, which specializes in the
design and engineering of industrial wastewater treatment systems (primarily
biological treatment) and is located outside the United States.  The
consideration paid was determined by direct negotiations with the owner of the
acquired business.  The Company also acquired a publicly owned wastewater
treatment plant (see "Business-Services and Products-Clean Water-Water and
Wastewater Treatment Services").  These acquisitions were not material to the
Company's business as a whole.

EQUITY INVESTMENTS

Rust International Inc.

     The Company owns approximately 40% of the outstanding common stock of Rust,
and the remaining shares are held by CWM (56%) and WMX (4%).

     Rust is a leading provider, through its subsidiaries, of environmental and
infrastructure engineering and consulting services, primarily to clients in
government and in the chemical, petrochemical, nuclear, energy, utility, pulp
and paper, manufacturing, environmental services and other industries.

     Rust's environmental and infrastructure engineering and consulting services
provide alternative solutions for client problems relating to removing and
disposing of hazardous and toxic substances; managing solid waste, water and
wastewater, groundwater and air resources; design and construction oversight of
transportation facilities; and photogrammetry. Such services are provided to
private industry, as well as federal, state and local governments, including the
Department of Defense (the "DOD") and the Department of Energy (the "DOE"). The
services include performing remedial investigations for the purpose of
characterizing hazardous waste sites, preparing feasibility studies setting
forth recommended alternative remedial actions, and providing engineering design
and construction oversight services for remediation projects. The services
provided also include the siting, permitting, design and construction oversight
of solid and hazardous waste landfills and related facilities. Study,

                                       13
<PAGE>
  
design and construction oversight services are also provided, primarily to
municipalities, special government agencies and, to some extent, private
industry in connection with wastewater collection and treatment, potable water
supply treatment and distribution, stormwater management and the building of
streets, highways, airports, bridges, waterways and rail services. Rust also
provides architectural services in connection with these and other activities.
Additional services provided through Rust include environmental assessment
services, the design of systems to properly and safely store, convey, treat and
dispose of industrial, hazardous and radioactive materials and consulting
services regarding disposal, waste minimization methods and techniques, air
quality regulation and industrial hygiene and safety.

     Rust also has an international environmental and infrastructure engineering
and consulting, process engineering and construction and related services
business performing projects in 35 countries. In Europe, Rust has offices in the
United Kingdom, Germany, Sweden and Turkey, and in the Asia-Pacific region, in
Australia, Hong Kong, China, Singapore, Malaysia and Indonesia. In the Middle
East and Africa, Rust also has offices in the United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia
and South Africa. Rust's overseas operations provide such services to the World
Bank and associated lending agencies, national, regional and local governments
and to clients in the utility and industrial power and general manufacturing
industries. In addition, Rust provides such services to WM International
worldwide.

     In May 1995, Rust sold substantially all of its hazardous and radioactive
remediation services business to OHM Corporation, a publicly traded provider of
environmental remediation services ("OHM").  As a result of that transaction,
Rust acquired an approximately 37% interest in OHM.

     Rust also engages in providing process engineering, construction, specialty
contracting and related services, but has announced its intention to sell or
otherwise discontinue that business in North America and certain locations
outside North America. The process engineering services currently provided by
Rust are of two general types - facility process engineering and facility design
engineering. Process engineers create the processes by which facilities operate,
such as chemical, petrochemical, energy and pulp and paper plants. Design
engineering services provided by Rust encompass the following disciplines:
architectural; electrical; control systems; process piping; mechanical;
structural; heating, ventilating and air conditioning ("HVAC"); and civil. The
construction services currently provided by Rust are generally performed in
connection with projects on which Rust has also provided the design engineering
services. Rust also requisitions and procures equipment and construction
materials for clients and performs quality assurance and quality control
oversight of vendor manufacturing practices.

     Waste Management manages the business of Rust Industrial Services Inc., a
subsidiary of Rust ("RIS") providing scaffolding and other on-site industrial
services.  RIS provides scaffolding services primarily to the chemical,
petrochemical and utilities industries.  In most cases, the scaffolding services
are provided in conjunction with periodic, routine cleaning and maintenance of
refineries, chemical plants and utilities, although such services are also
performed in connection with new construction projects.  RIS also performs a
variety of types of other industrial services -- water blasting, tank cleaning,
explosives blasting, chemical cleaning, industrial vacuuming, catalyst handling,
specialty chemicals and separation technologies --primarily for clients in the
petrochemical, chemical, and pulp and paper industries, utilities and, to a
lesser extent, the public sector.  RIS also provides on-site plant services,
including providing personnel to perform mechanical and electrical services,
equipment installation, welding, HVAC, warehousing and inventory management
services and technical support in the area of industrial hygiene and safety
training.  RIS assists clients in the nuclear and utility industries in

                                       14
<PAGE>
 
solving electrical, mechanical, engineering and related technical services
problems.  RIS also provides spent fuel storage (rerack) services to the nuclear
power industry.

Waste Management International plc

     The Company owns approximately 12% of the outstanding ordinary shares of WM
International. Approximately 56% of WM International's outstanding ordinary
shares are held indirectly by WMX, and an additional 12% of such shares are held
by Rust.  The remaining outstanding ordinary shares of WM International are held
by public stockholders.

     WM International's business may broadly be characterized into two areas of
activity, collection services and treatment and disposal services.  The
following table shows the derivation of WM International's revenues for the
years indicated and includes revenue from construction of treatment or disposal
facilities for third parties under "Treatment and Disposal Services":

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                   -----------------------
                                                   1993     1994     1995
                                                   ----     ----     ----
<S>                                                <C>      <C>      <C>
    Collection Services........................     69%      64%      64%
    Treatment and Disposal Services............     31%      36%      36%
</TABLE>

    In 1994, WM International completed 50 acquisitions in 10 countries, most of
which were small acquisitions which complemented or expanded existing WM
International operations in various markets.  With its acquisition goals largely
completed, WM International engaged in  25 additional small acquisitions during
1995. In accordance with its objective of maintaining a local identity, WM
International, in certain cases, also operates through other companies or joint
ventures in which WM International and its affiliates own less than a 100%
interest. For example, WM International has an approximately 20% interest in
Wessex Water Plc, an English publicly traded company providing water treatment,
water distribution, wastewater treatment and sewerage services ("Wessex").
Through a joint venture with Wessex, WM International provides waste management
and related services in the United Kingdom.

    Because of the size and timing of projects and acquisitions, WM
International's revenue mix by country varies from year to year. Countries in
which revenue exceeded 10% of WM International's consolidated total were: Italy
(32%) and The Netherlands (11%) in 1993, Italy (26%) and Germany (12%) in 1994
and Italy (23%), Germany (14%), The Netherlands (11%) and The United Kingdom
(11%) in 1995.

    While WM International has considerable experience in mobilizing for and
managing foreign projects, its operations continue to be subject generally to
such risks as currency fluctuations and exchange controls, the need to recruit
and retain suitable local labor forces and to control and coordinate operations
in different jurisdictions, changes in foreign laws or governmental policies or
attitudes concerning their enforcement, political changes, local economic
conditions and international tensions.  In addition, price adjustment provisions
based

                                       15
<PAGE>
  
on certain formulae or indices may not accurately reflect the actual impact of
inflation on the cost of performance.

    WM International records and reports its earnings in pounds sterling.
Currency fluctuations affecting the pounds sterling exchange rates will cause
the Company's earnings from WM International to fluctuate.  The Company may from
time to time engage in hedging transactions in order to seek to mitigate the
effect of such exchange rate fluctuations.

COLLECTION SERVICES

    Collection services include collection and transportation of solid,
hazardous and medical wastes and recyclable material from residential,
commercial and industrial customers.  WM International provided collection
services as of December 31, 1995 to governmental and private customers in ten
European countries, Argentina, Australia, New Zealand and Taiwan.  Business is
obtained through public bids or tenders, negotiated contracts, and, in the case
of commercial and industrial customers, direct contracts.  WM International
operates 318 collection and staging facilities and 76 waste transfer facilities.

    Residential solid waste collection is normally performed by WM International
pursuant to municipal contracts.  WM International has approximately 1,500
municipal contracts, serving more than 6,800,000 residential properties. The
scope, specifications, services provided and duration of such contracts vary
substantially, with some contracts encompassing landfill disposal of collected
waste, street-sweeping and other related municipal services. The largest number
of municipal contracts held by WM International is in Italy where WM
International services approximately 1,850,000 residential properties. Pricing
for municipal contracts is generally based on volume of waste, number and
frequency of collection pick-ups, and disposal arrangements. Longer-term
contracts typically have formulae for periodic price increases or adjustments.
WM International also provides curbside recycling services.

    Street, industrial premises, office and parking lot cleaning services are
also performed by WM International, along with portable sanitation/toilet
services for such occasions as outdoor concerts and special events.

    WM International's commercial and industrial solid and hazardous waste
collection services are generally contracted for by individual establishments.
In addition to solid waste collection customers, WM International provides
services to small quantity waste generators, as well as larger petrochemical,
pharmaceutical and other industrial customers, including collection of
hazardous, chemical or medical wastes or residues.  WM International has
approximately 285,000 commercial and industrial customers.  Contract terms and
prices vary substantially between jurisdictions and types of customer.  WM
International also provides commercial and industrial recycling services.

TREATMENT AND DISPOSAL SERVICES

    Treatment and disposal services include processing of recyclable materials,
operation of both solid and hazardous waste landfills, operation of municipal
and hazardous waste incinerators, operation of a trash-to-energy facility,
operation of water and wastewater treatment facilities, operation of hazardous
waste treatment facilities and construction of treatment or disposal facilities
for third parties.  The operation of solid waste landfills is currently WM
International's most significant treatment and disposal service.  Treatment and
disposal services are provided under contracts which may be obtained through
public bid or tender or direct negotiation, and are also provided directly to
other waste service companies. At December 31, 1995, WM International owned,
operated or maintained 23 waste treatment facilities, 79 recycling and
recyclables processing facilities, 9 incinerators and 55 landfills.

    Once collected, solid wastes may be processed in a recyclables processing
facility for sale or other disposition for use in various applications.
Unprocessed solid wastes, or the portion of the waste stream

                                       16
<PAGE>
  
remaining after recovery of recyclable materials, require disposal, which may be
accomplished through incineration (in connection with which the energy value may
be recovered in a trash-to-energy facility) or through disposal in a solid waste
landfill.  The relative use of landfills versus incinerators differs from
country to country and will depend on many factors, including the availability
of land, geological and hydrological conditions, the availability and cost of
technology and capital, and the regulatory environment.  The main determinant of
disposal method is generally the disposal cost per cubic meter at local
landfills, as incineration is generally more expensive.

    At present, in most countries in which WM International operates,
landfilling is the predominant disposal method employed. WM International owns
or operates solid waste landfills in Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Denmark,
France, Germany, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Italy, New Zealand, Spain, Sweden and the
United Kingdom. Landfill disposal agreements may be separate contracts or an
integrated portion of collection or treatment contracts.

    Demand for solid waste incineration is affected by landfill disposal costs
and government regulations.  The incineration process for non-hazardous solid
waste has also been influenced by two significant factors in recent years:  (i)
increasingly strict control over air emissions from incinerators; and (ii)
increasing emphasis on trash-to-energy incinerators, which utilize heat produced
by incinerators to generate electricity and other energy.  Incineration
generates approximately 30% residue (by weight), which is either landfilled or,
if permitted, recycled for use as a road base or in other construction uses.

    WM International's trash-to-energy incinerator in Hamm is a German-designed
plant and the only privately operated trash-to-energy facility in Germany.  It
is among the first trash-to-energy facilities to fully comply with that
country's stringent new air pollution requirements.  The facility serves the
household and commercial solid waste incineration needs of a population of
approximately 600,000 in Hamm and nearby towns.  Under its current permits, the
facility is able to produce 18 megawatts per hour of steam-generated electricity
and sold approximately 74,000 megawatt hours to the local power grid in 1995
(enough power for about 17,000 homes).  In 1992, WM International entered into a
contract with the County of Gutersloh, Germany to design, construct, own and
operate a trash-to-energy facility.  The facility is designed to convert 268,000
metric tons per year of municipal waste and sewage sludge into energy.  The
facility would be capable of producing enough electricity to power more than
35,000 homes.  During 1995, WM International's permit application to develop and
operate the Gutersloh facility was denied.  WM International believes it is
entitled to the permit and is appealing the denial.  WM International also
operates seven small conventional municipal solid and other waste incineration
facilities.

    WM International owns or operates hazardous waste treatment facilities in
Australia, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Italy, The
Netherlands, Spain, Sweden and the United Kingdom and has entered into
agreements with respect to the development of hazardous waste treatment
facilities in Argentina and Thailand.

    WM International operates facilities in Hong Kong which are owned by the
Hong Kong government. Control of the Hong Kong government passes to The People's
Republic of China in 1997. WM International is unable to predict what impact,
if any, this change will have on its operations in Hong Kong.

                                       17
<PAGE>
 
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

    Set forth below are the names and ages of the Company's executive officers
(as defined by the regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission), the
principal positions they hold with the Company and with WMX and its affiliates
as of December 31, 1995, and summaries of their business experience.  Experience
shown with the Company includes experience with a predecessor of the Company
prior to the August 1989 merger of such predecessor into Resco.  Executive
officers are elected by the Board of Directors and serve at the discretion of
the Board.  Phillip B. Rooney, the Company's Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer, is also an executive officer of WMX and certain of its affiliates other
than the Company and devotes a majority of his working time to his
responsibilities in such other capacities.  However, the Company anticipates
that he will devote sufficient time and attention to the Company's business as
reasonably may be required to fulfill the duties of his office.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
 
NAME AND TITLE                     AGE  BUSINESS EXPERIENCE
- --------------                     ---  -------------------
<S>                                <C>  <C>
Phillip B. Rooney................   51  A director of the Company since September 1988.  Chairman of
  Chairman of the Board and             the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the Company since
  Chief Executive Officer               November 1990.  President and Chief Operating Officer of
                                        WMX since November 1984.  Chairman of the Board of Rust
                                        since January 1993.  Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive
                                        Officer of Waste Management since January 1994.  Mr. Rooney
                                        is also a director of WMX, WM International, Illinois Tool
                                        Works, Inc., Caremark International Inc., Urban Shopping
                                        Centers, Inc. and ServiceMaster Management Corporation, the
                                        general partner of ServiceMaster Limited Partnership.
 
John M. Kehoe, Jr................   62  Nominee for election as a director of the Company.  President
  President and Chief Operating         and Chief Operating Officer of the Company since January 1993.
  Officer                               Vice President of the Company from December 1991 through
                                        December 1992.  President of Wheelabrator Environmental
                                        Systems Inc. ("WESI"), a subsidiary of the Company, from
                                        November 1990. Managing Director of the Company from June
                                        1988 to November 1990.
 
John J. Goody....................   51  Vice President of the Company since August 1995.  Chief
  Vice President; Chief Executive       Executive Officer of Wheelabrator Water Technologies Inc.
  Officer, Wheelabrator Water           ("WWTI") since January 1996 and Vice President of
  Technologies Inc.                     Wheelabrator Clean Water Inc., a predecessor company, from
                                        August to December 1995.  President of Rust Limited from
                                        April 1993 to August 1995.  Vice President and Chief Financial
                                        Officer of Rust from June 1991 to April 1993 and previously
                                        Senior Vice President-Government and Aerospace Operations
                                        of Rust beginning in 1990.
 
Herbert A. Getz..................   40  Secretary of the Company since July 1995, a position he
  Secretary                             previously held, as well as being the Company's Vice President
                                        and General Counsel, from November 1990 until May 1993.
</TABLE>

                                       18
<PAGE>
 
<TABLE>
<S>                                <C>  <C>
                                        Senior Vice President of WMX since May 1995, Vice President
                                        of WMX since May 1990 and General Counsel of WMX since
                                        August 1992.  Assistant General Counsel of WMX from
                                        December 1985 to August 1992.  Previously Vice President,
                                        General Counsel and Secretary of Waste Management from
                                        April 1989 to December 1993, and Vice President of Rust from
                                        January 1993 to May 1994.  Mr. Getz is Chairman of the Board
                                        of Directors of NSC Corporation and a director of OHM
                                        Corporation.
 
Richard S. Haak, Jr..............   41  Controller of the Company since November 1993.  Vice
  Controller                            President and Controller-Operations of WESI from September
                                        1987 until November 1993.
 
Ray L. Patel.....................   50  President of WWTI since January 1996 and of a predecessor
  President, Wheelabrator Water         corporation, Wheelabrator Engineered Systems Inc.
  Technologies Inc.                     ("Engineered Systems"), from January 1993 to December 1995.
                                        Chief Executive Officer of Engineered Systems since April 1993.
                                        President of Johnson Filtration Systems Inc., Engineered
                                        Systems' predecessor, from April 1988 through December 1992.
                                        Division President of Wheelabrator Clean Water from
                                        November 1990 to July 1991.
 
Mark P. Paul.....................   46  Vice President and General Counsel of the Company since May
  Vice President and                    1993.  Associate General Counsel and Staff Vice President of
  General Counsel                       the Company from February 1993 to May 1993.  Vice President
                                        and General Counsel of WESI from September 1987 to May
                                        1993.
 
John D. Sanford..................   42  Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the
  Executive Vice President,             Company since May 1993, and Executive Vice President since
  Chief Financial Officer               August 1995.  Staff Vice President-Finance of the Company
  and Treasurer                         from February 1993 to May 1993.  Vice President and Chief
                                        Financial Officer of WESI from August 1987 to May 1993.
 
James F. Wood....................   53  Senior Vice President and General Manager of WESI from
  Senior Vice President                 November 1992 to December 1995.  Vice President-Plant
  and General Manager,                  Operations of WESI from September 1990 to November 1992.
  Wheelabrator Environmental            Managing Director of the Company from April 1989 to
  Systems Inc.                          September 1990.  Vice President-Plant Services of WESI from
                                        May 1988 to April 1989.
 
</TABLE>

                                       19
<PAGE>
 
ITEM 2 -- PROPERTIES

    The Company owns the building and surrounding grounds comprising its
principal executive offices, located at Liberty Lane, Hampton, New Hampshire
03842.  The Company believes that its property and equipment are generally well
maintained, in good operating condition and adequate for its present needs.  The
inability to renew any short-term real property lease by the Company or any of
its subsidiaries would not have a material adverse effect on its results of
operations.  The Company regularly upgrades and modernizes facilities and
equipment and expands its facilities as necessary.

    The following tables set forth the Company's principal facility locations in
operation and their use (including those operated by the Company for others
under long-term contracts or similar arrangements) as of December 31, 1995.

DESCRIPTION OF OWNED, LEASED AND/OR LONG-TERM OPERATED PROJECTS

    Set forth below is a description of projects in operation or under
construction which are owned, leased or operated under long-term operating
agreements by Company subsidiaries, partnerships or joint ventures controlled by
Company subsidiaries.  Unless indicated to the contrary below, each project is
owned by subsidiaries or affiliates of the Company.  While the Company
exercises, or will exercise, operating control over each such project, the
Company has no ownership interest in certain of the projects.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
 
Projects in Operation
                                          DESIGN       DESIGN
          PROJECT                         OUTPUT      CAPACITY                COMMENTS
          -------                         ------      --------                --------
<S>                                       <C>         <C>          <C>
1.  Amarillo, Texas                       N/A         3,500,000    Owned and operated since 1976 by
    Coal Handling Facility                            TPY          the Company and its predecessors.
 
2.  Anderson, California                  6mW         210 TPD      Owned and operated by the Company
    Wood Waste Cogeneration                                        since mid-1993.
    Facility

3.  Baltimore, Maryland                   60mW        2,250 TPD    Owned and operated by the Company
    Trash-to-Energy Facility                                       from 1985 to 1988.  Operated by the
    Owner: Ford Motor Credit                                       Company since 1988 under a long-
    Company ("Ford Credit")                                        term lease expiring in 2007, with
                                                                   certain renewal and purchase options.
 
4.  Baltimore, Maryland                   N/A         110 DTPD     Owned and operated by the Company
    Biosolids Dryer and                                            since January 1995.
    Pelletizer (Back River
    Project)

5.  Bridgeport, Connecticut               70mW        2,250 TPD    Operated since 1988 by the Company
    Trash-to-Energy Facility                                       under a long-term lease expiring in
    Owner:  Ford Credit                                            2009, with certain renewal and
                                                                   purchase options.
</TABLE> 

                                       20
<PAGE>
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                          DESIGN       DESIGN
          PROJECT                         OUTPUT      CAPACITY                COMMENTS
          -------                         ------      --------                --------
<S>                                       <C>         <C>          <C>
6.  Broward County, Florida               70mW        2,250 TPD    Owned and operated by the Company
    South Site                                                     since mid-1991.
    Trash-to-Energy Facility
 
7.  Broward County, Florida               70mW        2,250 TPD    Owned and operated by the Company
    North Site                                                     since early 1992.
    Trash-to-Energy Facility
 
8.  Claremont,                            5mW         200 TPD      Owned and operated by the Company
    New Hampshire                                                  since 1987.
    Trash-to-Energy Facility
 
9.  Cobb County, Georgia                  N/A         35 DTPD      Operated by the Company since late
    Biosolids Dryer and                                            1992 under a subcontract expiring in
    Pelletizer                                                     1996, with a renewal option.
    Owner:  Cobb County,
    Georgia

10.  Concord, New Hampshire               14mW        575 TPD      Owned and operated by the Company
     Trash-to-Energy Facility                                      since 1989.
 
11.  Earth, Texas                         N/A         3,500,000    Owned and operated since 1982 by
     Coal Handling Facility                           TPY          the Company and its predecessors.
 
12.  Falls Township,                      53mW        1,500 TPD    Owned and operated by the Company
     Pennsylvania Trash-to-                                        since August 1994.
     Energy Facility

13.  Frackville, Pennsylvania             47mW        1,700 TPD    Owned and operated by the Company
     Anthracite Culm                                               since 1989.
     Cogeneration Facility

14.  Franklin, Ohio                       N/A         4.5 MGD      Owned and operated by the Company
     MCD Franklin Wastewater                                       since July 1995 under a long-term
     Treatment Plant                                               contract expiring in 2015, with certain
                                                                   renewal options.
 
15.  Hagerstown, Maryland                 N/A         16 DTPD      Operated by the Company since late
     Biosolids Dryer and                                           1992 under a lease expiring in 1998,
     Pelletizer                                                    with a renewal option.
     Owner:  Hagerstown,
     Maryland

16.  Gloucester County,                   14mW        575 TPD      Owned and operated by the Company
     New Jersey                                                    since 1990.
     Trash-to-Energy Facility
</TABLE> 

                                       21
<PAGE>
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
 
                                          DESIGN       DESIGN
          PROJECT                         OUTPUT      CAPACITY                COMMENTS
          -------                         ------      --------                --------
<S>                                       <C>         <C>          <C>
17.  Lisbon, Connecticut                  13mW        500 TPD      Operated since January 1, 1996 by
     Trash-to-Energy Facility                                      the Company under a long-term
     Owner: Eastern                                                contract expiring in 2020.
     Connecticut Resource
     Recovery Authority

18.  Millbury, Massachusetts              45mW        1,500 TPD    Operated by the Company since 1987
     Trash-to-Energy Facility                                      under a long-term lease expiring in
     Owner: Ford Credit                                            2007, with certain renewal and
                                                                   purchase options.
 
19.  New York, New York                   N/A         300 DTPD     Owned and operated by the Company
     Biosolids Dryer and                                           since mid-1993.
     Pelletizer

20.  North Andover,                       40mW        1,500 TPD    Owned and operated by the Company
     Massachusetts                                                 since 1985.
     Trash-to-Energy Facility                                       
 
21.  Norwalk, California                  28mW        5,600 MCF    Operated by the Company since 1988
     Gas Cogeneration Facility                        per day      under a lease expiring in 2008, with
     Owner: Signal Capital                                         an option to buy, subject to prior
     Corporation                                                   rights of the State of California to
                                                                   purchase the lease and the facility
                                                                   after 2003.
 
22.  Pinellas County, Florida             5mW         3,000 TPD    Operated by the Company since 1983
     Trash-to-Energy Facility                                      under a long-term contract expiring
     Owner: Pinellas County,                                       in 2003.
     Florida
 
23.  Polk County, Florida                 40mW        1,000 TPD    Owned and operated since August
     Urban Wood Waste-to-                                          1995 by a partnership in which the
     Energy Facility                                               Company owns an 81% interest.

24.  Saugus, Massachusetts                40mW        1,500 TPD    Operated by the Company since 1975;
     Trash-to-Energy Facility                                      wholly-owned by the Company since
                                                                   1987.
 
25.  Shasta County, California            49mW        2,400 TPD    Operated by the Company since 1988
     Wood Waste Small Power                                        under a long-term lease expiring in
     Production Facility                                           2007, with renewal and purchase
     Owner: Ford Credit                                            options.
 
26.  Sherman Station, Maine               18mW        800 TPD      Operated by a partnership in which
     Wood Waste Cogeneration                                       the Company has a 60% interest
     Facility                                                      since 1986.  Leased by the Company
     Owner: Chrysler Financial                                     under a long-term contract expiring
     Corporation                                                   in 2006, with renewal and purchase
                                                                   options.
</TABLE> 

                                       22
<PAGE>
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
 
                                          DESIGN       DESIGN
          PROJECT                         OUTPUT      CAPACITY                COMMENTS
          -------                         ------      --------                --------
<S>                                       <C>         <C>          <C>
27.  Spokane, Washington                  26mW        800 TPD      Operated by the Company since late
     Trash-to-Energy Facility                                      1991 under a long-term contract
     Owner: City of Spokane,                                       expiring in 2011.
     Washington
 
28.  Tampa, Florida                       20mW        1,000 TPD    Operated by the Company since 1988
     Trash-to-Energy Facility                                      under a long-term contract expiring
     Owner: City of Tampa,                                         in 2005.
     Florida
 
29.  Westchester County,                  60mW        2,250 TPD    Owned and operated since 1984 by
     New York                                                      Westchester Resco Company L.P.
     Trash-to-Energy Facility                                      ("Westchester Resco") (1)
</TABLE> 
 
- ---------------------
(1) Westchester Resco is a limited partnership, 75% held by the Company, and 25%
    held indirectly by John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Co. as a limited
    partner.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
 
Project Under Construction
                                          DESIGN       DESIGN
          PROJECT                         OUTPUT      CAPACITY                COMMENTS
          -------                         ------      --------                --------
<S>                                       <C>         <C>          <C>
     Baltimore, Maryland                  N/A         110 DTPD     Owned by the Company.  Construction
     Biosolids Dryer and                                           expected to be completed in mid-1997.
     Pelletizer (Patapsco Project)
</TABLE> 
 
 KEY:  mW--Megawatts    DTPD--Dry Tons Per Day    TPD--Tons Per Day
       TPY--Tons Per Year    MCF--Thousands of Cubic Feet
       MGD--Millions of Gallons Per Day

                                       23
<PAGE>
 
Non-Project Facilities

     Set forth below is a list of all of the primary non-project facilities
owned by the Company as of December 31, 1995, and each of the principal plants
and offices leased by the Company as of that date.  Such list does not purport
to be a complete list of all of the Company's leased properties.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
      LOCATION                                 SITE USE                    NATURE OF INTEREST
      --------                                 --------                    ------------------ 
<S>                           <C>                                      <C>
Annapolis, Maryland.........  Offices                                  Lease
Almelo, The Netherlands.....  Manufacturing facility and office space  Own
Bilboa, Spain...............  Offices                                  Lease
Billerica, Massachusetts....  Manufacturing facility and office space  Lease
Brisbane, Autralia..........  Manufacturing facility and office space  Lease
Charleville, France.........  Manufacturing facility and office space  Lease
Chatelleurault, France......  Manufacturing facility                   Own
Cologne, Germany............  Manufacturing facility and office space  Lease
Commerce, California........  Manufacturing facility and office space  Lease
Dublin, Ireland.............  Manufacturing facility                   Own
Halifax, United Kingdom.....  Manufacturing facility and office space  Own
Hampton, New Hampshire......  Offices                                  Own
LaGrange, Georgia...........  Manufacturing facility and office space  Own
New Brighton, Minnesota.....  Manufacturing facility and office space  Own
Naperville, Illinois........  Offices                                  Lease
Parker, Arizona.............  Carbon regeneration facility             Own building/lease site
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania....  Offices                                  Lease
Rochester, New Hampshire....  Biosolids compost facility               Own building/lease site
Schaumburg, Illinois........  Offices                                  Lease
Singapore, Singapore........  Manufacturing facility and office space  Own building/lease site
Sturbridge, Massachusetts...  Manufacturing facility                   Own
Susona City, Japan..........  Manufacturing facility and office space  Lease
Taichung, Taiwan............  Manufacturing facility and office space  Own
Walterboro, South Carolina..  Foundry                                  Own
</TABLE>

ITEM 3 -- LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

     The business in which the Company is engaged is intrinsically connected
with the protection of the environment and involves the potential for the
discharge of materials into the environment.  In the ordinary course of
conducting its business activities, the Company becomes involved in judicial and
administrative proceedings involving governmental authorities at the federal,
state and local level including, in certain instances, proceedings instituted by
citizens or local governmental authorities seeking to overturn governmental
action in which governmental officials or agencies are named as defendants
together with the Company or one or more of its subsidiaries, or both.  In the
majority of the situations where proceedings are commenced by governmental
authorities, the matters involved relate to alleged technical violations of
licenses or permits pursuant to which the Company operates or is seeking to
operate or laws or regulations to which its operations are subject or are the
result of different interpretations of the applicable requirements.  From time
to time the Company pays fines or penalties in proceedings relating to the
Company's compliance with various environmental laws and

                                       24
<PAGE>
 
regulations.  At December 31, 1995, a subsidiary of the Company was involved in
one such proceeding where it is believed that sanctions involved may exceed
$100,000.

     In addition, there are other routine lawsuits and claims pending against
the Company and its subsidiaries incidental to their businesses.  In the opinion
of the Company's management, the ultimate liability, if any, with respect to the
above proceedings and such other lawsuits and claims will not have a material
adverse effect on the business and properties of the Company, taken as a whole,
or its financial position or results of operations.

ITEM 4 -- SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

     No matters were submitted to the Company's security holders during the
fourth quarter of 1995.

                                 PART II

ITEM 5 -- MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

          The Common Stock is traded on The New York Stock Exchange under the
symbol "WTI."  The table below sets forth by quarter, for the last two years,
the high and low sales prices of the Common Stock on The New York Stock Exchange
Composite Tape as reported by The Wall Street Journal (Midwest Edition) and also
shows the cash dividends declared per share during such periods:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                  Market Price (1)         
                                --------------------     Cash Dividends
         1994                     High         Low     Declared Per Share
         ----                     ----         ---     ------------------
<S>                             <C>          <C>       <C>
         First Quarter          $21-1/4      $17-1/4           --
         Second Quarter         $20-5/8      $17-3/4         $0.10
         Third Quarter          $18-3/4      $15-1/4           --
         Fourth Quarter         $15-1/2      $13-1/4           --
                                                            
         1995                                         
         ----              
         First Quarter           17-1/2       12-1/2           --
         Second Quarter          15-3/4       13-5/8         $0.11
         Third Quarter           17           14-1/4           --
         Fourth Quarter          16-3/4       14               --
</TABLE>

     The approximate number of holders of record of Common Stock as of March 20,
1996 was 15,900.

     During 1995, the Board of Directors declared, and the Company paid, an
annual dividend in the amount of $0.11 per share.  Future cash dividends will be
considered by the Board of Directors based upon the Company's earnings and
financial position and such other business considerations as the Board of
Directors considers relevant.

     On December 12, 1995, the Company announced that the Board of Directors had
authorized the repurchase of up to 20 million shares of Common Stock from time
to time over the following 24-month period in the open market or in privately
negotiated transactions, replacing a prior common stock repurchase program.
During 1995, the Company repurchased a total of 7,194,600 shares.

                                       25
<PAGE>
 
ITEM 6 -- SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

          The following selected consolidated financial information for each of
the five years in the period ended December 31, 1995 is derived from the
Company's Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been audited by Arthur
Andersen LLP, independent public accountants, whose report thereon is
incorporated by reference in this report.  The information below should be read
in conjunction with Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations and the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements,
and the related Notes, and the other financial information filed as exhibits to
this report and incorporated herein by reference.

                WHEELABRATOR TECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                      CONSOLIDATED SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
                      ------------------------------------
                    (000s omitted except per share amounts)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         Years Ended December 31
                                       ------------------------------------------------------------
                                          1991        1992        1993         1994         1995
<S>                                    <C>         <C>         <C>          <C>          <C>
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Revenue                                $1,173,449  $1,483,054  $1,142,219   $1,324,567   $1,451,675
Income from continuing
  operations                              126,059     176,382     156,755      180,162      162,149
Net income                                126,059     134,152     163,102      184,895      137,858
Weighted average common and common
  equivalent shares outstanding           172,400     188,200     188,900      189,900      185,000
Earnings per common and common
  equivalent share:
  Income from continuing
    operations                         $     0.73  $     0.94  $     0.83   $     0.95   $     0.88
  Net income                                 0.73        0.71        0.86         0.97         0.75
Dividends declared per common share            --        0.04        0.08         0.10         0.11
 
FINANCIAL CONDITION (at year end)
Total assets                           $2,712,173  $2,986,024  $3,081,709   $3,276,611   $3,220,193
Working capital                           484,427     240,415      (2,999)     (16,027)      98,165
Long-term debt                            991,578     858,634     777,250      735,933      704,414
Stockholders' equity                      891,351   1,039,343   1,286,838    1,424,882    1,450,265
</TABLE>
- ----------------------------
 .  Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform with the
   current year presentation.

 .  1991 income from continuing operations includes a $47.1 million pretax gain
   on the sale of certain foreign equity investments.

 .  1992 income from continuing operations includes a $47.0 million nontaxable
   gain related to the initial public offering of shares by WM International.

 .  1992 net income includes one-time charges of $42.2 million related to the
   adoption of two new financial accounting standards:  Statement of Financial
   Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes" and Statement
   of Financial Accounting Standards No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for
   Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions."

                                       26
<PAGE>
 
 .   Beginning in 1993, the Company no longer consolidates the financial results
    of certain businesses contributed to form, in part, Rust. Revenue from the
    contributed businesses amounted to approximately $397.8 million and $554.7
    million in 1991 and 1992, respectively. Beginning in 1993, the Company's
    share of Rust's net income is included in equity in earnings of affiliates.
    See Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

 .   1993 income from continuing operations includes a $7.7 million nontaxable
    gain related to issuance of stock by Rust and a $6.5 million increase in the
    income tax provision due to revaluing deferred income taxes as a result of
    the enactment of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993. See Notes 3
    and 4 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
    
 .   1993, 1994 and 1995 net income includes equity income from discontinued
    operations of Rust of $6.3 million, $4.7 million and $5.8 million,
    respectively. It is not practical to restate periods prior to 1993 for these
    discontinued operations. Net income for 1995 also includes a $30.1 million
    charge for the Company's equity in Rust's provision for loss on the disposal
    of discontinued operations. See Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated
    Financial Statements.

 .   1995 income from continuing operations includes a reduction in equity income
    of $25.6 million related to a special charge recorded by WM International.
    See Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

 .   The increase in weighted average common and common equivalent shares
    outstanding in 1992 is largely due to shares issued in connection with
    acquisitions. During 1995, the weighted average common and common equivalent
    shares outstanding decreased due to stock repurchases. See Note 5 of the
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                ----------------------------------------------

ITEM 7 -- MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
          RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

    Reference is made to Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations set forth on pages 8 through 13 of the
Company's 1995 Annual Report to Stockholders (the "Annual Report") which
discussion is filed as an exhibit to this report and incorporated herein by
reference.

ITEM 8 -- FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

    (a)  The Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 1994 and 1995,
Consolidated Statements of Income, Cash Flows and Changes in Stockholders'
Equity for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 1995
and the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements set forth on pages 14 through
27 of the Annual Report are filed as an exhibit to this report and incorporated
herein by reference.

    (b) Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) is set forth in Note 11 of
the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements referred to in Item 8(a) above
and incorporated herein by reference.

                                       27
<PAGE>
 
ITEM 9 -- CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
          FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

    None.

                                    PART III

ITEM 10 -- DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

    Directors. The information appearing under the caption "Election of
Directors" on pages 2 through 4 of the Company's Proxy Statement for the Annual
Meeting of Stockholders to be held May 1, 1996 (the "Proxy Statement"), is
incorporated herein by reference.

    Executive Officers.  Information with respect to executive officers of the
Company is set forth under the caption "Executive Officers of the Registrant" in
Item 1 of this report.

ITEM 11 -- EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

    Information appearing under the caption "Compensation" on pages 8 through 12
of the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 12 -- SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

    Information appearing under the caption "Principal Stockholders" on pages 1
and 2 of the Proxy Statement and under the caption "Securities Ownership of
Management" on pages 5 through 7 of the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein
by reference.

ITEM 13 -- CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

    Information appearing under the caption "Certain Transactions and Other
Matters" on pages 19 through 25 of the Proxy Statement and in the first full
paragraph on page 4 of the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.


                                    PART IV

ITEM 14 -- EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

    (A)  (1) FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

    The following financial statements and supplementary data of the Company are
filed as an exhibit hereto and incorporated herein by reference:

         (i)     Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December
                 31, 1993, 1994 and 1995.
         (ii)    Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 1994 and 1995.
         (iii)   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended
                 December 31, 1993, 1994 and 1995.
         (iv)    Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity for
                 the years ended December 31, 1993, 1994 and 1995.

                                       28
<PAGE>
 
         (v)     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
         (vi)    Report of Independent Public Accountants -- Arthur Andersen 
                 LLP.

                 (2)  SCHEDULES:

                 Financial Statement Schedule II of the Company and the
corresponding Report of Independent Public Accountants on Schedule are included
in this report.

                All other schedules have been omitted since they are not
applicable, not required, or the information is included in the above-referenced
financial statements or notes thereto.

                 (3)  EXHIBITS:

                 The exhibits to this report are listed in the Exhibit Index
contained elsewhere herein. Included in the exhibits listed therein are the
following exhibits which constitute management contracts or compensatory plans
or arrangements:*



         (i)     Restricted Unit Plan for Non-Employee Directors of the
                 registrant as amended through June 10, 1991 (incorporated by
                 reference to Exhibit 19.03 to the registrant's quarterly report
                 on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 1991).

         (ii)    Amendment, dated as of December 6, 1991, to the Restricted Unit
                 Plan for Non-Employee Directors of the registrant (incorporated
                 by reference to Exhibit 19.05 to registrant's 1991 annual
                 report on Form 10-K).

         (iii)   Deferred Director's Fee Plan adopted June 10, 1991
                 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 19.02 to the registrant's
                 quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30,
                 1991).

         (iv)    1988 Stock Plan for Executive Employees of Old WTI and its
                 subsidiaries ("1988 Stock Plan") (incorporated by reference to
                 Exhibit 28.1 to Amendment No. 1 to the registrant's
                 registration statement on Form S-8, Reg. No. 33-31523).

         (v)     Amendments, dated as of September 7, 1990, to the 1988 Stock
                 Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 19.02 to the
                 registrant's 1990 annual report on Form 10-K).

         (vi)    Amendment, dated as of November 1, 1990, to the 1988 Stock Plan
                 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 19.04 to the registrant's
                 1990 annual report on Form 10-K).

         (vii)   Amendment, dated as of December 6, 1991, to the 1988 Stock Plan
                 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 19.02 to the registrant's
                 1991 annual report on Form 10-K).

- -------------------------
     * In the case of incorporation by reference to documents filed under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant's file number under that Act is
0-14246.

                                       29
<PAGE>
 
         (viii)  1986 Stock Plan for Executive Employees of the registrant and
                 its subsidiaries ("1986 Stock Plan") (incorporated by reference
                 to Exhibit 28.2 to Amendment No. 1 to the registrant's
                 registration statement on Form S-8, Reg. No. 33-13720).

         (ix)    Amendment, dated as of November 1, 1990, to the 1986 Stock Plan
                 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 19.03 to the registrant's
                 1990 annual report on Form 10-K).

         (x)     Amendment, dated as of December 6, 1991, to the 1986 Stock Plan
                 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 19.01 to the registrant's
                 1991 annual report on Form 10-K).

         (xi)    1991 Performance Unit Plan of the registrant (incorporated by
                 reference to Exhibit 10.48 of the registrant's 1990 annual
                 report on Form 10-K).
                 
         (xii)   Wheelabrator Technologies Inc. Corporate Incentive Bonus Plan
                 (as amended and restated as of March 13, 1995) (incorporated by
                 reference to Exhibit 10.38 to the registrant's 1994 annual
                 report on Form 10-K).
                 
         (xiii)  Wheelabrator Technologies Inc. Long Term Incentive Plan (as
                 amended and restated as of March 14, 1994) (incorporated by
                 reference to Exhibit 10.40 to the registrant's 1993 annual
                 report on Form 10-K).
                 
         (xiv)   Retirement Plan for Non-Employee Directors of the registrant
                 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the registrant's
                 1988 annual report on Form 10-K).
                 
         (xv)    Amendment, dated as of September 7, 1990, to the Retirement
                 Plan for Non-Employee Directors of the registrant (incorporated
                 by reference to Exhibit 19.01 to the registrant's 1990 annual
                 report on Form 10-K).
                 
         (xvi)   Amendment, dated June 10, 1991, to the Retirement Plan for Non-
                 Employee Directors of the registrant (incorporated by reference
                 to Exhibit 19.01 to the registrant's quarterly report on Form
                 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 1991).
                 
         (xvii)  1991 Stock Option Plan for Non-Employee Directors ("1991
                 Directors Plan") of the registrant adopted June 10, 1991
                 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 19.04 to the registrant's
                 quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30,
                 1991).
      
         (xviii) Amendment to 1991 Directors Plan dated as of December 22, 1993
                 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.46 to the registrant's
                 1993 annual report on Form 10-K).
                 
         (xix)   Amendment to 1991 Directors Plan dated as of August 29, 1994
                 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 to the registrant's
                 quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September
                 30, 1994).
                 
         (xx)    1992 Stock Option Plan of the registrant (incorporated by
                 reference to Exhibit 10.45 to the registrant's 1991 annual
                 report on Form 10-K).

                                       30
<PAGE>
  
    (B)  REPORTS ON FORM 8-K:

    The Company did not file any reports on Form 8-K during the fiscal quarter
ended December 31, 1995.


                                       31
<PAGE>
 
                         WHEELABRATOR TECHNOLOGIES INC.

                SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS

                                (000'S OMITTED)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                       BALANCE AT             ACCOUNTS            BALANCE AT
                                       BEGINNING    CHARGED    WRITTEN               END
                                        OF YEAR    TO INCOME     OFF    OTHER(1)   OF YEAR
                                       ----------  ---------  --------  --------  ----------
<S>                                    <C>         <C>        <C>       <C>       <C>
1993                                                                        
     Reserve for doubtful accounts      $14,242     $2,754    ($1,917)  ($5,795)   $ 9,284
                                                                                 
1994                                                                             
     Reserve for doubtful accounts      $ 9,284     $2,783    ($2,955)   $  350    $ 9,462
                                                                                 
1995                                                                             
     Reserve for doubtful accounts      $ 9,462     $5,490    ($1,509)  ($1,256)   $12,187
</TABLE>

(1)  Reserves of purchased companies, translation adjustments, and transfers
     to affiliates.

                                       32
<PAGE>
 
             REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS ON SCHEDULE

To the Stockholders of Wheelabrator Technologies Inc.:

    We have audited in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards,
the consolidated financial statements included in the Wheelabrator Technologies
Inc. Annual Report to Stockholders for 1995 incorporated by reference in this
Form 10-K, and have issued our report thereon dated February 2, 1996.  Our audit
was made for the purpose of forming an opinion on those statements taken as a
whole.  The schedule of Wheelabrator Technologies Inc. included on page 32 of
this Form 10-K is the responsibility of the Company's management and is
presented for purposes of complying with the Securities and Exchange
Commission's rules and is not part of the basic consolidated financial
statements.  This schedule has been subjected to the auditing procedures applied
in the audit of the basic consolidated financial statements and, in our opinion,
fairly states in all material respects the financial data required to be set
forth therein in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken
as a whole.



                                        /s/ Arthur Andersen LLP
                                        ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP


New York, New York,
February 2, 1996
 
                                       33
<PAGE>
 
                                   SIGNATURES

    Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in Oak Brook, Illinois
on the 29th day of March 1996.

                                       WHEELABRATOR TECHNOLOGIES INC.

                                       By /s/ PHILLIP B. ROONEY
                                          ---------------------------
                                          PHILLIP B. ROONEY,
                                          CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD AND
                                          CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

    Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
      Name                        Title                      Signature                Date
      ----                        -----                      ---------                ----     
<S>                     <C>                         <C>                          <C>
Phillip B. Rooney       Director, Chairman of the   /s/ PHILLIP B. ROONEY        March 29, 1996
                        Board and Chief Executive   ---------------------------
                        Officer                     Phillip B. Rooney

John D. Sanford         Executive Vice President,   /s/ JOHN D. SANFORD          March 29, 1996
                        Treasurer and Chief         ---------------------------
                        Financial Officer           John D. Sanford

Richard S. Haak, Jr.    Controller and Principal    /s/ RICHARD S. HAAK, JR.     March 29, 1996
                        Accounting Officer          ---------------------------
                                                    Richard S. Haak, Jr.

Dean L. Buntrock        Director                    /s/ DEAN L. BUNTROCK         March 29, 1996
                                                    ---------------------------
                                                    Dean L. Buntrock

William M. Daley        Director                    /s/ WILLIAM M. DALEY         March 29, 1996
                                                    ---------------------------
                                                    William M. Daley

Kay Hahn Harrell        Director                    /s/ KAY HAHN HARRELL         March 29, 1996
                                                    ---------------------------
                                                    Kay Hahn Harrell

Donald F. Flynn         Director                    /s/ DONALD F. FLYNN          March 29, 1996
                                                    ---------------------------
                                                    Donald F. Flynn

Paul M. Montrone        Director                    /s/ PAUL M. MONTRONE         March 29, 1996
                                                    ---------------------------
                                                    Paul M. Montrone

James E. Koenig         Director                    /s/ JAMES E. KOENIG          March 29, 1996
                                                    ---------------------------
                                                    James E. Koenig

Manuel Sanchez          Director                    /s/ MANUEL SANCHEZ           March 29, 1996
                                                    ---------------------------
                                                    Manuel Sanchez

Thomas P. Stafford      Director                    /s/ THOMAS P. STAFFORD       March 29, 1996
                                                    ---------------------------
                                                    Thomas P. Stafford
</TABLE>

                                       34
<PAGE>
 
                         WHEELABRATOR TECHNOLOGIES INC.

                                 EXHIBIT INDEX

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Number and Description of Exhibit*
- ----------------------------------
 
<C>       <S>
1.        Inapplicable.
 
2.01      Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated March 30, 1990 and amended as of
          July 24, 1990, among the registrant, WMX Technologies, Inc. ("WMX")
          and WM Sub, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.01 to the
          registrant's statement on Form S-4, Reg. No. 33-36118).
          
2.02      Rust International Inc. Organizational Agreement, dated as of December
          31, 1992 ("Organizational Agreement"), by and among the registrant,
          The Brand Companies, Inc. ("Brand") and Chemical Waste Management,
          Inc. ("CWM") (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 7 to Amendment No.
          6 to Statement on Schedule 13D filed on January 5, 1993 by WMX, the
          registrant and CWM relating to securities of Brand, Commission File
          No. 1-7327).
          
3.01      Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the registrant (incorporated
          by reference to Exhibit 3.01 to registrant's 1989 annual report on
          Form 10-K).
          
3.02      Certificate of Amendment to the registrant's Restated Certificate of
          Incorporation dated May 6, 1993 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
          19 to the registrant's report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March
          31, 1993).
          
3.03      By-Laws of the registrant as amended through November 1, 1990
          (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.03 to the registrant's 1990
          annual report on Form 10-K).
          
4.        None.
 
5.        Inapplicable.
 
6.        Inapplicable.
 
7.        Inapplicable.
 
8.        Inapplicable.
 
9.        None.
 
10.01     Master Support Agreement, dated as of February 26, 1986, among
          AlliedSignal Inc. ("AlliedSignal"), the registrant and Signal Capital
          Corporation, as amended and restated as of January 27, 1987, and as
          further amended and restated as of December 7, 1988, among
          AlliedSignal, Wheelabrator Technologies Inc. ("Old WTI"), the
          Guaranteeing Subsidiaries referred to therein, the Non-Company Resco
          Subsidiaries referred to therein, the registrant and Koll Real Estate
          Group, Inc.
</TABLE>
- -------------------------
    *  In the case of incorporation by reference to documents filed by the
       registrant under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant's
       file number under that Act is 0-14246.

                                      E-1
<PAGE>
 
                         WHEELABRATOR TECHNOLOGIES INC.

                                 EXHIBIT INDEX

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Number and Description of Exhibit*
- ----------------------------------
<C>       <S>
          ("KREG") (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to Amendment No.
          3 on Form 8 to KREG's registration statement on Form 10, Commission
          File No. 0-17189).
          
10.02     Assignment, Assumption and Release Agreement, dated as of December 7,
          1988, among the registrant, Old WTI, the Old Guaranteeing Subsidiaries
          (as defined therein) and AlliedSignal (incorporated by reference to
          Exhibit 10.22B to Amendment No. 3 on Form 8 to KREG's registration
          statement on Form 10, Commission File No. 0-17189).
          
10.03     Assignment and Assumption Agreement, dated as of December 7, 1988,
          among the registrant, Old WTI and KREG (incorporated by reference to
          Exhibit 10.18B to KREG's 1988 annual report on Form 10-K, Commission
          File No. 0-17189).
          
10.04     Land Option Agreement ("Land Option Agreement"), dated as of August
          12, 1988, between Old WTI and Waste Management, Inc. ("WMI")
          (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the registrant's 1988
          annual report on Form 10-K).
          
10.05     Amendment No. 1, dated as of June 1, 1992, to Land Option Agreement
          between Resco Holdings Inc. ("Resco"), as successor by merger to Old
          WTI, and WMI (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 19.01 to the
          registrant's 1992 annual report on Form 10-K).
          
10.06     Amendment No. 2 dated as of November 15, 1995 to Land Option
          Agreement.
 
10.07     Second Amended and Restated Airspace Dedication Agreement, dated as of
          December 13, 1992, between Resco and WMI (incorporated by reference to
          Exhibit 19.02 to the registrant's 1992 annual report on Form 10-K).
          
10.08     Disposal Agreement, dated as of March 1, 1989, between Waste
          Management Inc. of Florida and Broward Waste Energy (incorporated by
          reference to Exhibit 10.17A to the registrant's 1988 annual report on
          Form 10-K).
          
10.09     Guaranty, dated August 2, 1988, from WMX to the registrant and
          Wheelabrator Technologies of North America Inc., formerly known as
          Wheelabrator Technologies Inc. ("WTNA") (incorporated by reference to
          Exhibit 10.19 to the registrant's 1988 annual report on Form 10-K).

10.10     Restricted Unit Plan for Non-Employee Directors of the registrant, as
          amended through June 10, 1991 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
          19.03 to the registrant's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the
          quarter ended June 30, 1991).
</TABLE> 
- -------------------------
    *  In the case of incorporation by reference to documents filed by the
       registrant under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant's
       file number under that Act is 0-14246.

                                      E-2
<PAGE>
 
                         WHEELABRATOR TECHNOLOGIES INC.

                                 EXHIBIT INDEX
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
 
 
Number and Description of Exhibit*
- ----------------------------------
<C>       <S>
10.11     Amendment, dated as of December 6, 1991, to the Restricted Unit Plan
          for Non-Employee Directors of the registrant (incorporated by
          reference to Exhibit 19.05 to the registrant's 1991 annual report on
          Form 10-K).
          
10.12     Deferred Director's Fee Plan adopted June 10, 1991 (incorporated by
          reference to Exhibit 19.02 to the registrant's quarterly report on
          Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 1991).
          
10.13     Lease Agreement, dated as of September 15, 1987, between Wilmington
          Trust Company, as Owner Trustee, lessor, and Wheelabrator Millbury
          Inc., lessee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.51 to the
          registrant's 1988 annual report on Form 10-K).
          
10.14     Lease Agreement, dated as of December 30, 1987, as amended and
          restated as of April 1, 1988, between Wilmington Trust Company, as
          Corporate Owner Trustee, and Donald E. Smith, as Individual Owner
          Trustee, lessor, and Signal Shasta Energy Company Inc., lessee
          (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.52 to the registrant's 1988
          annual report on Form 10-K).
           
10.15     Lease Agreement, dated as of September 15, 1988, between State Street
          Bank and Trust Company of Connecticut, N.A., lessor, and Baltimore
          Refuse Energy Systems Company, Limited Partnership, lessee
          (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to registrant's
          registration statement on Form S-4, Reg. No. 33-36118).

10.16     Second Amendment and Restatement of Lease Agreement, dated as of May
          1, 1988, between the First National Bank of Boston, as Corporate Owner
          Trustee, James E. Mogavero, as Individual Owner Trustee, lessor, and
          Bridgeport Resco, lessee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41
          to registrant's registration statement on Form S-4, Reg. No. 33-
          36118).
          
10.17     Modification Agreement, dated as of August 24, 1989, among the
          registrant, Old WTI, WMI, KREG and Resco (incorporated by reference to
          Exhibit 28.01 to the registrant's Form 8-K dated August 24, 1989).
          
10.18     Assignment, Assumption and Release Agreement, dated December 18, 1989,
          among KREG, Henley Holdings, Inc., Henley, Henley Support Co. Two, the
          registrant and Resco amending the Modification Agreement (incorporated
          by reference to Exhibit 10.69 to the registrant's registration
          statement on Form S-4, Reg. No. 33-36118).
</TABLE> 
- -------------------------
    *  In the case of incorporation by reference to documents filed by the
       registrant under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant's
       file number under that Act is 0-14246.

                                      E-3
<PAGE>
 
                         WHEELABRATOR TECHNOLOGIES INC.

                                 EXHIBIT INDEX

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Number and Description of Exhibit*
- ----------------------------------
<C>       <S>
10.19     Letter Agreement, dated October 25, 1990, among the registrant, WMI,
          Resco, Henley and Henley Support Co. Two amending the Modification
          Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.46 to the
          registrant's 1990 annual report on Form 10-K).
          
10.20     Letter Agreement, dated November 8, 1991, among the registrant,
          Henley, KREG, WMX, WMI, New Henley Holdings Inc. and WTNA, amending
          the Modification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23
          to the registrant's 1991 annual report on Form 10-K).
          
10.21     1988 Stock Plan for Executive Employees of Old WTI and its
          subsidiaries ("1988 Stock Plan") (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
          28.1 to Amendment No. 1 to the registrant's registration statement on
          Form S-8, Reg. No. 33-31523).
          
10.22     Amendments, dated as of September 7, 1990, to the 1988 Stock Plan
          (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 19.02 to the registrant's 1990
          annual report on Form 10-K).
          
10.23     Amendment, dated as of November 1, 1990, to the 1988 Stock Plan
          (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 19.04 to the registrant's 1990
          annual report on Form 10-K).
          
10.24     Amendment, dated as of December 6, 1991, to the 1988 Stock Plan
          (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 19.02 to the registrant's 1991
          annual report on Form 10-K).
          
10.25     1986 Stock Plan for Executive Employees of the registrant and its
          subsidiaries ("1986 Stock Plan") (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
          28.2 to Amendment No. 1 to the registrant's registration statement on
          Form S-8, Reg. No. 33-31523).
          
10.26     Amendment, dated as of November 1, 1990, to the 1986 Stock Plan
          (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 19.03 to the registrant's 1990
          annual report on Form 10-K).
          
10.27     Amendment, dated as of December 6, 1991, to the 1986 Stock Plan
          (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 19.01 to the registrant's 1991
          annual report on Form 10-K).
          
10.28     Restated Funding Agreement, dated as of September 7, 1990, among
          Resco, the registrant and WMX (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
          10.34 to the registrant's 1990 annual report on Form 10-K).
          
10.29     Intellectual Property Licensing Agreement, dated as of September 7,
          1990, by and among Waste Management International, Inc. ("WMII"), WMI
          and the registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to the
          registrant's 1990 annual report on Form 10-K).
</TABLE> 
- -------------------------
    *  In the case of incorporation by reference to documents filed by the
       registrant under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant's
       file number under that Act is 0-14246.

                                      E-4
<PAGE>
 
                         WHEELABRATOR TECHNOLOGIES INC.

                                 EXHIBIT INDEX

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Number and Description of Exhibit*
- ----------------------------------
<C>       <S>
10.30     Amended and Restated Master Intercorporate Agreement, dated as of
          November 1, 1993, by and among WMX, CWM and the registrant
          (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to the registrant's 1993
          annual report on Form 10-K).
          
10.31     Wheelabrator Technologies Inc. Corporate Incentive Bonus Plan (as
          amended and restated as of March 13, 1995) (incorporated by reference
          to Exhibit 10.38 to the registrant's 1994 annual report on Form 10-K).
          
10.32     Wheelabrator Technologies Inc. Long Term Incentive Plan (as amended
          and restated as of March 23, 1994) (incorporated by reference to
          Exhibit 10.40 to the registrant's 1993 annual report on Form 10-K).
          
10.33     Retirement Plan for Non-Employee Directors of the registrant
          (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the registrant's 1988
          annual report on Form 10-K).
          
10.34     Amendment, dated as of September 7, 1990, to the Retirement Plan for
          Non-Employee Directors of the registrant (incorporated by reference to
          Exhibit 19.01 to the registrant's 1990 annual report on Form 10-K).
          
10.35     Amendment, dated June 10, 1991, to the Retirement Plan for Non-
          Employee Directors of the registrant (incorporated by reference to
          Exhibit 19.01 to the registrant's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for
          the quarter ended June 30, 1991).
          
10.36     1991 Stock Option Plan for Non-Employee Directors of the registrant
          ("1991 Directors Plan") adopted June 10, 1991 (incorporated by
          reference to Exhibit 19.04 to the registrant's quarterly report on
          Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 1991).
          
10.37     Amendment to 1991 Directors Plan dated as of December 22, 1993
          (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.46 to the registrant's 1993
          annual report on Form 10-K).
          
10.38     Amendment to 1991 Directors Plan adopted on August 29, 1994
          (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.46 to the registrant's
          quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30,
          1994).
           
10.39     1992 Stock Option Plan of the registrant (incorporated by reference to
          Exhibit 10.45 to the registrant's 1991 annual report on Form 10-K).
          
10.40     Rust Intercorporate Services Agreement ("Rust Intercorporate Services
          Agreement"), dated as of January 1, 1993, by and among the registrant,
          Rust
</TABLE>
- -------------------------
    *  In the case of incorporation by reference to documents filed by the
       registrant under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant's
       file number under that Act is 0-14246.

                                      E-5
<PAGE>
 
                         WHEELABRATOR TECHNOLOGIES INC.

                                 EXHIBIT INDEX

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Number and Description of Exhibit*
- ----------------------------------
<C>       <S>
          International Inc. ("Rust"), WMX and CWM (incorporated by reference to
          Exhibit 10.42 to the registrants's 1992 annual report on Form 10-K).
          
10.41     Amendment No. 1 dated as of August 10, 1993 to Rust Intercorporate
          Services Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.49 to the
          registrant's 1993 annual report on Form 10-K).
          
10.42     Amendment No. 2 dated as of August 25, 1995 to Rust Intercorporate
          Services Agreement
          
10.43     Amendment No. 3 dated as of December 31, 1995 to Rust Intercorporate
          Services Agreement

10.44     Organizational Agreement (see Item 2.02 hereof).

10.45     Third Amended and Restated International Development Agreement, dated
          as of January 1, 1993, among the registrant, WMX, CWM, WMII, Waste
          Management International B.V. ("WMIBV"), Waste Management
          International plc ("WM International"), Rust, WTI International
          Holdings Inc. ("WTI International") and RIH Inc. ("RIH") (incorporated
          by reference to Exhibit 19.05 to the registrant's 1992 annual report
          on Form 10-K).
          
10.46     First Amended and Restated International Business Opportunities
          Agreement ("IBOA"), dated as of January 1, 1993, by and among the
          registrant, WMX, CWM, WM International, WMII and Rust (incorporated by
          reference to Exhibit 28 to the registrant's registration statement on
          Form S-3, Reg. No. 33-59606).
          
10.47     Amendment Agreement, dated as of January 28, 1994, by and among the
          registrant, WMX, CWM, WM International, WMII and Rust amending the
          IBOA (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.53 to the registrant's
          1993 annual report on Form 10-K).

10.48     Amendment Agreement, dated as of July 10, 1995, by and among the
          registrant, WMX, CWM, WM International, WMII and Rust amending the
          IBOA (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 to the registrant's
          quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30,
          1995).
          
10.49     Amended and Restated Master Dividend Deed, dated December 30, 1992, by
          and among the registrant, CWM, WMII, WMX's foreign nominee, WM
          International, WMIBV, RIH and WTI International (incorporated by
          reference to Exhibit 19.07 to the registrant's 1992 annual report on
          Form 10-K).
</TABLE> 
- -------------------------
    *  In the case of incorporation by reference to documents filed by the
       registrant under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant's
       file number under that Act is 0-14246.

                                      E-6
<PAGE>
 
                         WHEELABRATOR TECHNOLOGIES INC.

                                 EXHIBIT INDEX

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Number and Description of Exhibit*
- ----------------------------------
<C>       <S>
10.50     Reimbursement Agreement, dated March 10, 1993, between WMX and the
          registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.51 to the
          registrant's registration statement on Form S-1, Reg. No. 33-47575).
          
11.       None.

12.       None.
 
13.1      Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
          Results of Operations.
          
13.2      Consolidated Financial Statements, Supplementary Data and Report of
          Independent Accountants.

14.       Inapplicable.
 
15.       Inapplicable.
 
16.       None.
 
17.       Inapplicable.
 
18.       None.
 
19.       Inapplicable.
 
20.       Inapplicable.
 
21.       List of subsidiaries of the registrant.
 
22.       None.
 
23        Consent of Arthur Andersen LLP.
 
24.       None.
 
25.       Inapplicable.
 
26.       Inapplicable.
</TABLE>
- -------------------------
    *  In the case of incorporation by reference to documents filed by the
       registrant under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant's
       file number under that Act is 0-14246.

                                      E-7
<PAGE>
 
                         WHEELABRATOR TECHNOLOGIES INC.

                                 EXHIBIT INDEX

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Number and Description of Exhibit*
- ----------------------------------
<C>       <S>
27.       Financial Data Schedule.
 
28.       None.
</TABLE>


- -------------------------
    *  In the case of incorporation by reference to documents filed by the
       registrant under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant's
       file number under that Act is 0-14246.

                                      E-8
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.06
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>LAND OPTION AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
  
                                                                   Exhibit 10.06
                             LAND OPTION AGREEMENT

                                AMENDMENT NO. 2


  Amendment No. 2 ("Amendment No. 2") dated as of November 15, 1995 to the Land
Option Agreement dated as of August 12, 1988 between Resco Holdings Inc.
(successor by merger to Wheelabrator Holdings Inc.), a Delaware corporation (the
"Grantee"), and Waste Management, Inc. (formerly known as Waste Management of
North America, Inc.), an Illinois corporation (the "Grantor"), as previously
amended by Amendment No. 1 thereto dated as of June 12, 1992 between Grantor and
Grantee (collectively, the "Land Option Agreement").  All capitalized terms used
herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings specified therefor in
the Land Option Agreement.

  WHEREAS, pursuant to the Land Option Agreement, Grantor granted Grantee an
exclusive option to purchase, lease or sublease portions of Landfills to use as
sites for constructing, financing and operating Facilities; and

  WHEREAS, due to changes in market conditions affecting waste-to-energy plants
which have occurred since 1988, the parties' intent in entering into the Land
Option Agreement has not been fully realized; and

  WHEREAS, Grantor and Grantee have determined that it is in their respective
best interests to amend the Land Option Agreement as set forth below to afford
Grantee greater opportunities to make use of Landfills to use as sites for
Facilities; and

  WHEREAS, WMX Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation and Grantor's parent,
wishes to join in this Amendment No. 2 for the limited purpose of guaranteeing,
to the extent provided for herein, Grantee's ability to realize a benefit from
the Option;

  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants set
forth below, the parties hereto agree as follows:

  1.  Amendment of Recital B to Land Option Agreement.  The last sentence of
Recital B to the Land Option Agreement is hereby amended and, as so amended, is
hereby restated to read as follows:

  "As used in this Agreement, the terms "Current Landfills," "Future Landfills"
and "Landfills" shall include any real estate or interest therein owned, leased
or otherwise held by Chemical Waste Management, Inc., a Delaware corporation
("CWM") and a wholly-owned subsidiary of WMX Technologies, Inc., a Delaware
corporation ("WMX"), or any wholly-owned subsidiary of CWM."

  2.  Amendment of Section 1.3 (Term of Option).  The first sentence of Section
1.3 of the Land Option Agreement is hereby amended and, as so amended, is hereby
restated to read as follows:

  "1.3  Term of Option.  The Option as to all the Landfills shall expire at 5:00
p.m., Central Standard Time, or Central Daylight Savings Time, as the case may
be ("CST"), on December 31, 1995, unless on or before such date and time Grantee
pays to Grantor an additional payment (the "Extension Payment") in the amount of
$15,000,000, in which event the Option shall expire at 5:00 p.m. CST on December
31, 2020 (said expiration time and date as the same may be extended are
collectively referred to herein as the "Expiration Date")."

  3.  Amendment of Section 1.4 (Purchase Price or Rental).  Section 1.4 of the
Land Option Agreement is hereby amended as follows:
<PAGE>
  
  (a) Section 1.4(b) is hereby amended and, as so amended, is hereby restated in
its entirety to read as follows:

  "The base price of an Option Parcel (the "Base Price") shall be the book value
per acre for such Option Parcel (including the book value of any improvements
situated on the Option Parcel) as reflected in the latest available financial
statements of WMX prior to the 30th day prior to the date of the Closing."

 (b) Section 1.4 is hereby further amended by deleting subsection (C) thereof in
its entirety.

  4.  Addition of Section 2.8 (Schedule of Allocation).  The Land Option
Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following Section 2.8:

  "Section 2.8  Schedule of Allocation.  Upon exercise of a Facility Option in
accordance with Section 2.7 hereof, Grantee hereby agrees to allocate at least
the portion of the Option specified on Exhibit A attached hereto to the acquired
or leased parcel."

  5.  Addition of Section 9.10 (Change in Control).  The Land Option Agreement
is hereby amended by adding the following Section 9.10:

  "Section 9.10  Change in Control.  Notwithstanding any other provision of this
Agreement to the contrary, the Option shall immediately cease to be exercisable
by Grantee as to all the Landfills for the remainder of its term upon the
occurrence of a Change in Control.  "Change in Control" shall mean the
occurrence of any of the following events:

  (i) the Grantee or its parent is merged or consolidated or reorganized into or
with another corporation or other legal person other than, in the case of the
Grantee, its parent or an affiliate of its parent (an "Acquiror") and as a
result of such merger, consolidation or reorganization less than 75% of the
outstanding voting securities or other capital interests of the surviving,
resulting, or acquiring corporation or other legal person are owned in the
aggregate by the stockholders of the Grantee or its parent, as the case may be,
directly or indirectly, immediately prior to such merger, consolidation or
reorganization, other than the Acquiror or any corporation or other legal person
controlling, controlled by or under common control with the Acquiror;

  (ii) the Grantee sells all or substantially all of its business and/or assets
to an Acquiror, of which less than 75% of the outstanding voting securities or
other capital interests are owned in the aggregate by the stockholders of the
Grantee or its parent, directly or indirectly, immediately prior to such sale,
other than any corporation or other legal person controlling, controlled by or
under common control with the Acquiror;

  (iii)  during any period of two consecutive years, individuals who at the
beginning of any such period constitute the directors of the Grantee or its
parent cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority thereof unless the
election, or the nomination for election by the Grantee's or its parent's
stockholders, as the case may be, of each new director of the Grantee or its
parent, as the case may be, was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of
such directors of the Grantee or its parent, as the case may be, then still in
office who were directors of the Grantee or its parent, as the case may be, at
the beginning of any such period.

  Notwithstanding the above, any transaction which would otherwise constitute a
Change in Control which is approved by a majority of the Board of Directors of
the Grantee's parent prior to such transaction will not constitute a Change in
Control under this Agreement."

  6.  Addition of Section 9.11 (WMX Guarantee).  The Land Option Agreement is
hereby amended by adding Section 9.11 as follows:
<PAGE>
  
  "Section 9.11  WMX Guarantee.  Notwithstanding any Change in Control, WMX
hereby guarantees the payment to Grantee of the book value (less related
deferred taxes), as reflected in an audited balance sheet of Grantee as of the
Expiration Date, of any portion of the Option which, as of the Expiration Date,
shall properly remain unallocated to parcels acquired or leased in accordance
with the terms of Section 2.8 hereof and Exhibit A attached hereto.  Such
payment shall be made in cash by WMX to Grantee within 10 days following
Grantee's delivery to WMX of the balance sheet hereinabove referred to
accompanied by an auditor's report in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to WMX."

  7.  Addition of Exhibit A (Schedule of Allocation).  The following Schedule of
Allocation shall be added to the Land Option Agreement as Exhibit A thereto:

                            "Schedule of Allocation

      Minimum Amount of Option          Type of Facility For Which
      To Be Allocated to Option Parcel  Option Parcel Is Acquired Or Leased
      --------------------------------  -----------------------------------

              $30,000,000/1/            1,500 tons per day solid waste energy
                                        conversion facility/1/

              $    500,000              Any biosolids management or organic
                                        waste composting or pelletizing facility

      /1/  A proportionate amount of the Option shall be allocated at a minimum
      to solid waste energy conversion facilities with greater or lesser
      capacities than 1,500 tons per day.

      The minimum portion of the Option which shall be allocated to Facilities
      not specified above shall be agreed upon by the parties not later than the
      Closing of the sale or lease of the Option Parcel involved."

  8.  Ratification of Agreement. Except as amended hereby, all of the terms
and conditions of the Land Option Agreement shall remain in effect, and the Land
Option Agreement, as amended by this Amendment No. 2, is hereby in all respects
ratified and confirmed.

  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment No. 2 to
be executed as of the date first above written.

                                    RESCO HOLDINGS INC.
                           
                                    By:          /s/ Thomas A. Witt
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Vice President
                           
                                    WASTE MANAGEMENT, INC.
                           
                                    By:          /s/ Donald Chappel
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Vice President
                           
                                    WMX TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
                           
                                    By:          /s/ Herbert A. Getz
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Vice President
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.42
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT #2 TO RUST INTERCORPORATE SER. AGMNT.
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
 
                                                                   Exhibit 10.42

           AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO RUST INTERCORPORATE SERVICES AGREEMENT


    This Amendment No. 2 (the "Amendment") to that certain Rust Intercorporate
Services Agreement (the "Services Agreement") dated as of January 1, 1993 by and
among WMX Technologies, Inc. (formerly known as Waste Management, Inc.) ("WMX"),
Chemical Waste Management, Inc. ("CWM"), Wheelabrator Technologies Inc. ("WTI")
and Rust International Inc. ("Rust"), all Delaware corporations, is made as of
August 25, 1995 by and among WMX, CWM, WTI and Rust.


                                    RECITALS
                                    --------


    WHEREAS, WMX, CWM, WTI and Rust desire to extend the term of the Services
Agreement as set forth herein;

    NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is
hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows:

                                   AGREEMENTS
                                   ----------


    1.  Modification of Services Agreement.  Section 14(a) of the Services
Agreement is hereby amended to read in its entirety as follows:

    "14.  Miscellaneous.  (a)  Term.  This Agreement and the parties'
    respective rights and obligations hereunder shall be deemed effective as of
    the Effective Date.  Subject to Section 13 above, this Agreement will
    (unless terminated earlier pursuant to other provisions of this Agreement)
    continue through December 31, 2002 provided, however, that the Company's
    obligations pursuant to this Agreement to make any payments to WMX or its
    Subsidiaries, and WMX's obligations to make any payments to the Company or
    its Subsidiaries, of any Indebtedness, interest, cost, expense, fee,
    charge, premium allocation or other amounts, the parties' respective
    obligations pursuant to Sections 9, 12 and 13 above and this Section 14
    shall survive any and all terminations."

    2.   Other Provisions.  Except as expressly set forth in this Amendment,
all provisions of the Services Agreement in effect immediately prior to the
execution and delivery of this Amendment shall remain in full force and effect
in accordance with their terms.

    3.   Choice of law.  This Amendment shall be interpreted and construed in
accordance with the internal laws (and not the conflicts of laws rules) of the
State of Illinois applicable to contracts made and to be performed in the State
of Illinois.
<PAGE>
 
    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be
executed as of the date set forth above.

                                 WMX TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

                                 By:           /s/ Thomas A. Witt
                                      ----------------------------------------
                                 Name:   Thomas A. Witt
                                 Title:  Vice President
 

                                 CHEMICAL WASTE MANAGEMENT, INC.

                                 By:           /s/ Thomas A. Witt
                                      ----------------------------------------
                                 Name:   Thomas A. Witt
                                 Title:  Secretary


                                 WHEELABRATOR TECHNOLOGIES INC.

                                 By:           /s/ Herbert A. Getz
                                      ----------------------------------------
                                 Name:   Herbert A. Getz
                                 Title:  Secretary


                                 RUST INTERNATIONAL INC.

                                 By:           /s/ Jan Stern Reed
                                      ----------------------------------------
                                 Name:   Jan Stern Reed
                                 Title:  Assistant Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.43
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT #3 TO INTERCORPORATE SER. AGMNT.
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
 
                                                                   Exhibit 10.43

           AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO RUST INTERCORPORATE SERVICES AGREEMENT


    This Amendment No. 3 (the "Amendment") to that certain Rust Intercorporate
Services Agreement (the "Services Agreement") dated as of January 1, 1993 by and
among WMX Technologies, Inc. (formerly known as Waste Management, Inc.) ("WMX"),
Chemical Waste Management, Inc. ("CWM"), Wheelabrator Technologies Inc. ("WTI")
and Rust International Inc. ("Rust" or the "Company"), all Delaware
corporations, is made as of December 31, 1995 by and among WMX, CWM, WTI and
Rust.


                                    RECITALS
                                    --------


    WHEREAS, WMX, CWM, WTI and Rust desire to amend the Services Agreement in
order for WMX and its Subsidiaries to provide additional services in connection
with the management of Rust Industrial Services Inc. ("RIS"), a wholly owned
subsidiary of Rust, as set forth herein; and

    WHEREAS, WMX, CWM, WTI and Rust desire to alter the administrative
arrangements which apply to the employee benefit and welfare plans (other than
stock option plans) referred to in the Services Agreement to reflect
organizational changes in Rust;

    NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises herein set forth and
other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby
acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows:


                                   AGREEMENTS
                                   ----------

    1. RIS Services. Section 2(f) is added to the Services Agreement to read in
its entirety as follows:

    "(f)  RIS Services.  WMX shall cause its Subsidiaries to operate and manage
    the business of RIS in a reasonable and prudent manner and in accordance
    with all applicable statutes, regulations, ordinances, rules, governmental
    consent agreements and orders, as well as such policies and procedures
    applicable to scaffolding services, industrial cleaning services, and
    utility services as may be adopted from time to time by Rust or RIS,
    subject to such exceptions or modifications thereto as Rust or RIS and WMX
    may from time to time agree upon.  All capital and other expenditures
    incurred with respect to the business of RIS shall be for the account of
    RIS and shall be subject to approval by RIS in accordance with the
    procedures which shall be established by RIS.  Notwithstanding the
    provisions of Section 9 of the Services Agreement, for providing such
    operation and management services to RIS, WMX and its Subsidiaries shall be
    allowed to allocate regional and corporate overhead to RIS on a basis no
    less favorable than the basis on which WMX and its Subsidiaries allocate
    such overhead to their other, wholly owned operating units."

    2.   Employee Benefits and Benefit Services.  Section 6 of the Services
Agreement is hereby amended to read in its entirety as follows:

         "6.  Employee Benefits and Payroll and Benefit Services by the
    Company.  (a)  Responsibility for Savings and Retirement Plan.  With
    respect to the Wheelabrator-Rust Savings and Retirement Plan jointly
    sponsored by the Company and WTI, the Company shall be responsible for all
    claims incurred under such plan and all contributions required by the terms
    of such plan with respect
<PAGE>
 
    to employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and WTI shall be
    responsible for all claims incurred under such plan and all contributions
    required by the terms of such plan with respect to employees of WTI or any
    of its Subsidiaries.  If in the future WTI or any of its Subsidiaries
    establishes one or more savings and retirement plans for the benefit of its
    and its Subsidiaries' employees, the Company shall cause the trustees of
    the Savings and Retirement Plan to transfer to the trustees of such WTI
    retirement plan or plans cash, securities or other property, or a
    combination thereof, as determined by the Company, subject to approval by
    WTI (which shall not be unreasonably withheld), in an amount equal to the
    aggregate account balance of WTI's and its Subsidiaries' affected present
    or former employees (other than present or former employees of the Company
    or its Subsidiaries) as of the date of the transfer.

         "(b) Benefits Administration. WTI shall be solely responsible for the
    administration of employee benefit plans sponsored by WTI or any of its
    Subsidiaries ("WTI Plans"). However, if requested by WTI, WMX shall cause
    its Subsidiaries to provide to WTI and its Subsidiaries benefits
    administrative services with respect to such WTI Plans, including without
    limitation:

         (i)   record keeping;

         (ii)  employee enrollment and termination;

         (iii) claims and payout administration and processing;

         (iv)  ERISA and other legal and regulatory compliance;

         (v)   Internal Revenue Service reporting;

         (vi)  employee communication; and

         (vii) preparation of reports.

    Further, WMX agrees to cause its Subsidiaries to provide to WTI and its
    Subsidiaries such benefits administrative services with respect to the
    portion of any employee benefit plan sponsored by WMX or its Subsidiaries
    which benefits employees of WTI or its Subsidiaries. For any such services
    WTI shall pay to WMX or its Subsidiaries each calendar quarter during the
    term of this Agreement, within 30 days after being notified of the amount
    due, a quarterly fee equal to WTI's portion of WMX's costs and third party
    charges or expenses related to administration of such plans, which portion
    shall be the arithmetic average of the monthly percentages for the three
    months of such quarter of all employees of all participating employers
    eligible (or who would be eligible, but for the applicable waiting period)
    to participate as of the end of each such month in the plan who were present
    or former employees of WTI or its Subsidiaries as of the end of each month
    (other than present or former employees of WMX or its Subsidiaries).

         "(c) Separate Reports. To the extent legally required, benefits
    administrative services to be provided by the Company, WMX or their
    Subsidiaries shall be performed with respect to employees of WTI and its
    Subsidiaries as a group separate and apart from employees of the Company,
    WMX and their Subsidiaries. To the extent practicable, all reports
    pertaining to benefits and benefit and welfare programs shall also be
    prepared for employees of WTI and its Subsidiaries as a group separate and
    apart from the Company, WMX and their Subsidiaries.

         "(d) Review of Method of Allocation. Promptly after the end of each
    year ending after the Effective Date, WMX and WTI shall review the method
    set forth in Section 6(b) above for WTI's paying
<PAGE>
 
    charges, expenses or allocations and shall make such changes in such method
    as are necessary or appropriate to ensure that the charges, fees or
    allocations borne by WTI are proportionate to the services provided by WMX
    or its Subsidiaries to WTI pursuant to this Section 6."

    3.   Other Provisions.  Except as expressly set forth in this Amendment,
all provisions of the Services Agreement in effect immediately prior to the
execution and delivery of this Amendment shall remain in full force and effect
in accordance with their terms.

    4.   Choice of Law.  This Amendment shall be interpreted and construed in
accordance with the internal laws (and not the conflicts laws rules) of the
State of Illinois applicable to contracts made and to be performed in the State
of Illinois.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed this Agreement as of the date
first above written.

                                 RUST INTERNATIONAL INC.

                                 By:           /s/ Jan Stern Reed
                                      ----------------------------------------
                                 Name:   Jan Stern Reed
                                 Title:  Assistant Secretary


                                 WMX TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

                                 By:           /s/ Thomas A. Witt
                                      ----------------------------------------
                                 Name:   Thomas A. Witt
                                 Title:  Vice President
 

                                 CHEMICAL WASTE MANAGEMENT, INC.

                                 By:           /s/ Thomas A. Witt
                                      ----------------------------------------
                                 Name:   Thomas A. Witt
                                 Title:  Secretary


                                 WHEELABRATOR TECHNOLOGIES INC.

                                 By:           /s/ Herbert A. Getz
                                      ----------------------------------------
                                 Name:   Herbert A. Getz
                                 Title:  Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
 
                                                                    EXHIBIT 13.1

Wheelabrator Technologies Inc. and Subsidiaries
Management's Discussion and Analysis
of Results of Operations and Financial Condition
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Wheelabrator Technologies Inc. ("Wheelabrator" or the "Company") is a
diversified environmental products and services company focused primarily on
meeting customer requirements for clean energy and clean water. The Company has
been a pioneer in the privatization of municipal infrastructure while providing
water, wastewater, biosolids, air quality control, trash-to-energy, and
independent power solutions to environmental problems of communities and
industries worldwide. Wheelabrator is majority-owned by WMX Technologies, Inc.
("WMX") and holds minority interests in two other WMX-controlled subsidiaries,
Waste Management International plc ("WM International") and Rust International
Inc. ("Rust").
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Consolidated revenue reached $1,451.7 million in 1995 compared to $1,324.6
million in 1994 and $1,142.2 million in 1993. Acquisitions, primarily of water-
related companies, were responsible for approximately two-thirds of the 1995
growth, with new energy plants and internal growth accounting for the remainder.
Slightly less than half of 1994's revenue increase was derived from
acquisitions, and the balance came from operating and construction revenue
associated with new energy and water development projects.

  During 1995, WMX continued the strategic review of its markets, operations,
financial strategies, and organizational structure begun in 1994. Through this
study, determinations were made to refocus WM International on its core waste
services business and to sell or discontinue Rust's process engineering,
construction, specialty contracting, and similar lines of business. Both
decisions, which were announced in the fourth quarter of 1995, resulted in
charges that adversely impacted Wheelabrator's earnings. The following table
reconciles reported earnings per share to earnings per share excluding these and
other special items.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Years Ended December 31,                1993    1994   1995
- ----------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                    <C>      <C>    <C>
Reported earnings per share            $ 0.86   $0.97  $0.75
WM International special charge
  (see Note 3 to Consolidated
  Financial Statements)                    --      --   0.14
Provision for loss on disposal of
  discontinued operations of Rust
  (see Note 3 to Consolidated
  Financial Statements)                    --      --   0.16
Gain on stock transactions
  of affiliate                          (0.04)     --     --
Adjustment to deferred
  income taxes resulting from
  1993 tax law change                    0.03      --     --
                                       ------   -----  -----
Earnings per share excluding
  above items                          $ 0.85   $0.97  $1.05
                                       ======   =====  =====
</TABLE>

  The ongoing WMX strategic review also recommended that Wheelabrator's
organization be realigned and managed along the two principal industry segments
that the Company serves. Therefore, the Company is now reporting its operating
results in two industry segments--Clean Water and Clean Energy. Clean Water's
principal products and services include equipment and process systems designed
for a broad range of water and wastewater management applications, biosolids
management, and outsourcing the operation, or ownership and operation, of water
and wastewater treatment facilities. Its customer base is increasingly global in
nature and includes both municipalities and industry. In addition, the Company's
materials cleaning business is included in the Clean Water segment since its
manufacturing and aftermarket capabilities are utilized by certain Company water
businesses. The Clean Energy segment develops, owns, and operates trash-to-
energy and independent power facilities that generate electricity and other
forms of energy while providing trash disposal for municipal and industrial
customers. Wheelabrator's air quality control business is also included in Clean
Energy segment results. The analysis of operating results that follows reflects
these two new segments. Results from prior years, during which the Company was
organized and reported as one industry segment, have been restated to conform
with the current presentation.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1994 OPERATIONS COMPARED WITH 1993

CLEAN WATER  Clean Water revenue increased $97.1 million to $489.3 million in
1994, a 25 percent increase from 1993's $392.2 million level. Acquisitions
contributed approximately $81.5 million, or 84 percent, of this revenue growth.
Companies acquired during 1993 and 1994 significantly broadened Clean Water's
technology and process know-how offerings to industrial customers while
expanding its geographic presence in Europe, Mexico, the Pacific Rim, and
certain domestic regional biosolids markets. The more significant companies
acquired included HPD (1993) and Memtek (1994) in the U.S., Procesos y Sistemas
de Separacion in Spain (1994), Darchet Engineering and Water Treatment in
Singapore (1994), and Rossmark in the Netherlands (1994). The full year impact
of the Company's New York Organic Fertilizer Company ("NYOFCO") biosolids
pelletizer facility, which began commercial operations in the third quarter of
1993, accounted for an additional $35.5 million of incremental 1994 revenue.
Water, wastewater, and biosolids contract service revenue declined approximately
$15.0 million in 1994, primarily as a result of heightened competition for
renewals and associated pricing pressure. Increased sales of water process
systems and equipment to industrial customers were offset by curtailed equipment
purchases by municipal customers.

8
<PAGE>
 
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  Clean Water operating income increased 22 percent to $41.1 million in 1994
compared with $33.7 million in 1993. These amounts represent 8.4 percent and 8.6
percent of revenue, respectively. The segment's 1994 gross margin decreased to
24.5 percent of revenue versus the prior year's 24.9 percent level because of
competitive pricing pressures in the equipment product lines and faster relative
growth of the process systems businesses, which are typically lower margin in
nature. Selling and administrative costs declined in 1994 as a percentage of
revenue to 16.1 percent from the prior period's 16.3 percent level. Acquisition
consolidation activities accounted for this decrease while offsetting increased
own/operate development expenditures.

CLEAN ENERGY  Consolidated revenue for this segment grew $83.1 million, or 11
percent, in 1994 to $844.7 million. Revenue from trash-to-energy and independent
power facility operations grew $98.2 million from the prior year level and
generated approximately 82 percent of 1994 segment revenue versus 78 percent in
1993. Air-related businesses were responsible for the remaining revenue in both
periods. Construction revenue on the Lisbon, Connecticut, trash-to-energy
facility (the "Lisbon facility") built by Wheelabrator for the Eastern
Connecticut Resource Recovery Authority provided half of the energy business
growth. The third quarter 1994 commencements of commercial operations at the
Falls Township trash-to-energy facility located near Philadelphia, Pennsylvania,
and the wood waste and scrap tire-fueled Ridge Generating Station in Polk
County, Florida, provided an additional 25 percent of the energy business
growth. Excellent plant operating performances, particularly at existing
independent power facilities, coupled with a shift in the mix of waste received
at the trash-to-energy plants from lower-priced spot tons to generally higher-
priced contract municipal tons accounted for the remainder. The economic
recovery primarily drove the additional municipal receipts. Spot disposal fees
remained at approximately 1993 levels throughout the year. Air business revenue
fell in 1994 mainly because of an expected lull in air pollution control
retrofit activity by utilities between Phases I and II of the Clean Air Act
Amendments of 1990 (the "CAAA"). In addition, many industrial customers began to
delay awards for air quality control equipment in response to economic
uncertainty and to rule-making delays and limited enforcement activities by the
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA").

  Clean Energy segment operating income increased to $247.0 million, or 29.2
percent of revenue, in 1994 versus $208.7 million, or 27.4 percent of revenue,
in 1993. The addition of the Falls Township and Ridge Generating Station
facilities, modest improvement in gross margin, and a decline in selling and
administrative costs were responsible for this 18 percent growth. Improved
operating performance at certain energy facilities accounted for gross margin
improvement of 0.9 percentage points to 34.1 percent, despite Lisbon facility
construction revenue having no associated margin recognition. Integration of
acquired air businesses and a decrease in energy-related project development
expenditures in response to limited market opportunities caused selling and
administrative costs to decrease in 1994 in absolute terms and as a percentage
of revenue.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1995 OPERATIONS COMPARED WITH 1994

CLEAN WATER  Revenue grew $129.2 million to $618.5 million in 1995, which
represents a 26 percent increase compared with the prior year. The full year
impact of companies acquired in 1994 provided $82.5 million, or 64 percent, of
this increase. Wheelabrator continued to expand its water process capabilities
in the Pacific Rim through the late 1995 acquisition of Sun Chi Environmental
Industries in Taiwan. Also during 1995, the Company successfully completed the
privatization of the Miami Conservancy District wastewater treatment plant in
Franklin, Ohio (the "MCD Franklin" facility). This municipal asset acquisition
represents the first privatization of a municipal wastewater treatment plant
under Executive Order 12803 issued by President Bush in 1992. Neither of these
acquisitions had a significant impact on 1995's operating results. Approximately
four percent of 1995's revenue growth came from the Baltimore I pelletizer
facility, which began commercial operations at the start of the year. Existing
businesses accounted for the balance of the revenue gain as Clean Water
significantly increased its biosolids landspreading activities in California and
experienced strong worldwide demand for its surface cleaning and screen
products. The domestic industrial water process business encountered several
delays in customer orders during the year due to extended bidding cycles on
certain projects and reluctance by some customers to undertake environment-
related capital spending.

  Clean Water's operating income grew $9.6 million, or 23 percent, to $50.7
million in 1995 and represented 8.2 percent of revenue. Faster relative growth
of the segment's process systems businesses, which are typically lower margin in
nature, and $3.0 million of costs incurred to consolidate office and
manufacturing locations were the principal reasons for the slight operating
margin decline compared with 1994. Gross margins in the contract services
businesses improved in 1995 due to cost reduction efforts, while equipment
margins remained relatively stable, and process system margins declined slightly
due to the execution of several large lower-margin contracts. Overall, Clean
Water's gross margin was 22.7 percent in 1995 compared with 24.5 percent in
1994. Selling and administrative costs increased $11.3 million to $89.9 million
in 1995 because of the full year impact of prior year acquisitions but declined
as a percent of revenue to 14.5 percent. Integration activities along with a
revenue growth rate in excess of associated selling and overhead cost increases
were responsible for the percentage decline.

CLEAN ENERGY  Revenue for this industry segment totaled $839.5 million during
1995 and was essentially flat versus 1994 because higher revenue from operating
energy plants was offset by lower construction revenue on the Lisbon facility
together with a further decline in air business revenue. The energy business'
operating plants generated $42.3 million of revenue growth, with approximately
85 percent of the increase accounted for by the Falls Township and Ridge
Generating Station facilities, which began operations in 1994. Contractual price
escalation on long-term trash disposal and energy sale contracts, offset in part
by increased curtailment of electrical purchases by certain utility customers,
accounted for the balance of the operating plant revenue increase. Spot pricing,
on the whole, was stable since competition-related declines in Florida and the
metro New York City area were offset by increases in other regions. Construction
revenue recognized on the Lisbon facility fell $16.8 million compared to 1994 as
construction was completed around mid-year and the 

                                                                               9
<PAGE>
 
Wheelabrator Technologies Inc. and Subsidiaries
Management's Discussion and Analysis
of Results of Operations and Financial Condition (continued)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
plant underwent start-up and acceptance testing late in the fourth quarter. Air
business revenue declined $30.7 million to 15 percent of 1995 segment revenue,
reflecting a continuing, industry-wide decrease in activity in the face of
regulatory uncertainty.

  Operating income from the Clean Energy segment grew $5.4 million to $252.4
million in 1995 and also increased as a percent of revenue by 0.9 percentage
points to 30.1 percent. Gross margin improved to 35.0 percent of revenue, while
selling and administrative costs were flat compared to the prior year both as a
percent of revenue and in terms of actual dollars. The gross margin improvement
resulted from reduced recognition of no-margin Lisbon facility construction
revenue as well as optimization programs at operating energy facilities that
focused on areas such as maintenance, chemical usage, and manpower. The energy
business' international development activity expanded modestly following the
July formation of a trash-to-energy development joint venture with WM
International. Under the joint venture agreement, which covers areas outside of
North America, Germany, and Italy, Wheelabrator has primary responsibility for
early-stage development of projects, and WM International has the right to
acquire up to 49 percent of the equity in all joint venture projects.
Previously, under the terms of an intercompany business allocation agreement,
Wheelabrator was not permitted to develop trash-to-energy projects outside North
America. The Company's air business recognized an $8.8 million operating loss
during 1995, approximately half of which related to management downsizing the
organization to reflect reduced market demands. Warranty provisions and largely
noncash fixed costs were responsible for the remainder.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

OTHER ITEMS

INTEREST  Interest expense declined from $64.5 million in 1993 to $52.5 million
in 1994 principally as a result of lower outstanding debt, the March 1994
refinancing of the project debt associated with Wheelabrator's Westchester
County, New York, trash-to-energy facility, and increased interest cost
capitalization related to Company-owned projects under construction. Interest
expense increased $8.3 million to $60.7 million during 1995 because a reduction
in interest capitalization more than offset the benefit of lower project debt
balances. Interest costs associated with three major facilities (Falls Township,
Ridge Generating Station, and Baltimore I) were capitalized during 1994 prior to
these plants commencing commercial operations. One Company-owned facility was in
the early stage of construction during 1995. Interest income decreased from
$18.3 million in 1993 to $14.3 million and $11.1 million in 1994 and 1995,
respectively, because of lower average investment balances with WMX and lower
rates.

EQUITY IN EARNINGS OF AFFILIATES  Equity income from the continuing operations
of Wheelabrator's affiliates totaled $29.3 million in 1994 compared with $38.5
million in 1993. Improved local currency earnings and favorable exchange rate
movements increased the Company's equity in WM International's earnings by $1.4
million, while equity in Rust's earnings decreased due to a shift in business
mix to lower margin work, customer postponement of certain project awards and
start-ups, and a special charge related to the discontinuance and consolidation
of certain of Rust's operations. Wheelabrator also recognized a $7.7 million
nontaxable gain in 1993 in connection with Rust's issuance of additional shares
of its common stock. During 1995, WM International recognized a special charge
related to the actions it is taking to sell or otherwise dispose of noncore
businesses and investments as well as core businesses and investments in low
potential markets, abandon certain hazardous waste treatment and processing
technologies, and streamline its country management organization. The charge
followed a thorough review of WM International's operations and management
structure and reflects WM International's intention to refocus on its core waste
services business. Wheelabrator's share of this charge, including the Company's
equity in the portion recognized by Rust, was $25.6 million and was the
principal reason equity income from continuing operations fell to $5.0 million
in 1995. Wheelabrator's share of WM International's 1995 earnings excluding the
special charge declined $2.0 million from the prior year to $13.2 million. The
Company's equity in the earnings of Rust's continuing operations increased $3.1
million to $17.5 million in 1995 after excluding the WM International special
charge's impact on Rust.

INCOME TAXES  The Company's effective tax rates excluding the nontaxable 1993
Rust stock transaction gain and equity income, which is reported net of tax,
were approximately 44.8 percent, 40.5 percent, and 39.2 percent in 1993, 1994,
and 1995, respectively. The 1993 tax provision included a $6.5 million increase
in deferred taxes in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes," as a result of the enactment of the
Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993. The 1995 rate was lower than that in
previous years and reflects the impact of ongoing tax planning activities,
particularly in the international arena, and certain tax benefits associated
with liquidation of Wheelabrator's investment in Abex, Inc. (See Note 4 of the
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional tax information.)

DISCONTINUED OPERATION  In the fourth quarter of 1995, Rust announced that as a
result of the ongoing WMX strategic review, it would sell or discontinue its
process engineering, construction, specialty contracting, and similar lines of
business and focus on its environmental and infrastructure engineering and
consulting business. The businesses being sold are being accounted for as
discontinued operations, and accordingly, Wheelabrator has reported its 40
percent equity interest in the historical operating results of these businesses
and the provision for loss on their disposal separately from continuing
operations. (See Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information.)

10
<PAGE>
 
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS  The majority of Wheelabrator's businesses are involved
with the protection of the environment. As such, a significant portion of the
Company's operating costs and capital expenditures could be characterized as
costs of environmental protection. While the Company is faced, in the normal
course of its business, with the need to expend funds for environmental
protection, it does not expect such expenditures to have a material adverse
effect on its financial condition or results of operations because its business
is based upon compliance with environmental laws and regulations and its
products and services are priced accordingly. Although unlikely in the near-
term, such ongoing compliance costs may increase in the future as a result of
legislation or regulation. However, the Company believes that in general it
benefits from increased government regulation, which increases the demand for
its products and services, and that it has the resources and experience to
manage environmental risk.

  Estimated closure and post-closure monitoring costs associated with ash
residue monofills for which the Company is responsible include items such as
final cap and cover on the site, leachate management, and groundwater
monitoring. These costs are recognized in proportion to use of the permitted
capacity at such disposal sites. Such costs are estimated based on the technical
requirements of EPA or applicable state regulations, whichever are stricter.
These accruals for closure and post-closure costs relate to expenditures to be
incurred after a monofill ceases to accept ash residue. To the extent similar
costs are incurred during the active life of the site, they are expensed as
incurred. Preparation costs associated with these sites and their individual
cells are capitalized and amortized over the respective estimated life of the
disposal site or individual cell.

  Wheelabrator has instituted procedures to periodically evaluate other
potential environmental exposures. When the Company concludes it is probable
that a liability has been incurred, provision is made in the financial
statements, based upon management's judgment and prior experience, for the
Company's best estimate of the liability. Such estimates are subsequently
revised as deemed necessary when additional information becomes available. While
the Company does not anticipate that any such adjustment would be material to
its financial statements, it is reasonably possible that future technological,
regulatory or enforcement developments, results of environmental studies, or
other factors could alter this expectation and necessitate the recording of
additional liabilities, which could be material.

  Wheelabrator has been notified by certain private parties that it may be
potentially responsible for a portion of the remediation costs related to a
certain state-listed remediation site currently subject to an enforcement order
that includes a site assessment study. Although the Company is considering
joining the private parties to share in these costs, no litigation has been
filed and the Company has not been named a potentially responsible party. At the
present time, there is insufficient information available to estimate the
remediation costs or the extent of Wheelabrator's responsibility beyond its
possible voluntary sharing of enforcement order costs. An estimate of those
costs is included in 1995's results of operations and is not material.

  Wheelabrator also becomes involved, in the normal course of business, in
judicial and administrative proceedings related to alleged violations of
licenses, permits, laws or regulations, or differing interpretations of
applicable requirements. From time to time, the Company pays fines and penalties
as a result of such proceedings. To date, such fines and penalties have not been
material and, in the opinion of management, the ultimate liability, if any, with
respect to these matters will not have a material adverse effect on the business
and properties of the Company, taken as a whole, or its financial position or
results of operation.

ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS  The Company is required to adopt Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 121, "Accounting for the Impairment of Long-
Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to Be Disposed Of" ("FAS 121"), beginning
in 1996. Wheelabrator does not believe the adoption of FAS 121 will have a
material impact on its financial statements.

  In October 1995, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 123, "Accounting for Stock-Based
Compensation" ("FAS 123"), which the Company also must adopt in 1996. FAS 123
provides an optional new method of accounting for employee stock options and
expands required disclosure about stock options. If the new method of accounting
is not adopted, the Company will be required to disclose pro forma net income
and earnings per share as if it were. The Company is studying FAS 123 and is
gathering data necessary to calculate compensation in accordance with its
provisions, but has not decided whether to adopt the new method or quantified
its impact on the financial statements.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

FINANCIAL CONDITION

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES  Operating activities continue to be
Wheelabrator's principal source of liquidity and provided $237.3 million of cash
in 1995 compared with $178.9 million in 1994 and $153.5 million in 1993.
Operating cash flows in 1994 and 1993 included $29.8 million and $61.7 million,
respectively, of payments to the Internal Revenue Service for previously
recorded indemnities related to periods prior to 1989 during which Wheelabrator
and certain other companies were part of a consolidated group for federal income
tax purposes. After adjusting for these nonrecurring payments, the Company's
cash flows from operating activities were $215.2 million, $208.7 million, and
$237.3 million in 1993, 1994, and 1995, respectively. The decrease between 1993
and 1994 resulted primarily from cash used to fund the working capital needs of
acquired businesses and the Falls Township, Ridge Generating Station, and
Baltimore I facility operations plus a reduction in long-term liabilities. These
uses were mitigated, in part, by increased net income before depreciation,

                                                                              11
<PAGE>
 
Wheelabrator Technologies Inc. and Subsidiaries
Management's Discussion and Analysis
of Results of Operations and Financial Condition (continued)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

amortization, and undistributed earnings of affiliates. Cash flow from operating
activities improved $28.6 million in 1995 compared to the adjusted 1994 figure.
Higher net income before depreciation and amortization and before equity in the
earnings and provision for discontinued operations of affiliates contributed
$18.9 million of the increase. An increase in deferred income tax benefits and
lower cash funding of working capital growth, net of a further decrease in long-
term liabilities, contributed to the balance.

  Investing activities utilized $312.0 million and $122.5 million of cash in
1993 and 1994, respectively, and generated $6.1 million of cash in 1995.
Progressively lower capital spending for new project construction was the main
reason for this trend, coupled in 1995 with a reduction in acquisition activity
and substitution of Company-backed letters of credit or guarantees for certain
investments held by trustees. Wheelabrator spent $262.2 million on project
construction during 1993 compared with $77.0 million in 1994 and $5.6 million in
1995. During 1993, the NYOFCO facility was completed, and the Falls Township,
Ridge Generating Station, and Baltimore I facilities were being built.
Construction of these three plants was finished in 1994. The Company began
construction of a second pelletizer installation in Baltimore, Maryland,
("Baltimore II") during 1995. Nonproject capital expenditures were relatively
constant at approximately $30 million in each of the three years.

  Cash payments for acquisitions, net of acquired cash, were $12.6 million in
1995 compared to $25.8 million in 1994 and $15.0 million in 1993. In addition,
the Company issued approximately 1.6 million and 0.2 million shares of its
common stock in connection with the 1993 and 1994 acquisitions. During 1993,
seven businesses providing water and air quality-related environmental products
and services as well as independent power were purchased. Acquisitions closed in
1994 included wastewater treatment operating contracts and eight companies
supplying water quality products and services plus one air-related service
business. Acquisition activity during 1995 included privatization of the MCD
Franklin facility and purchase of one Clean Water-related business. The
reduction in business acquisition activity in 1995 compared to prior years
resulted, in part, because management believed the price of many available water
businesses was inconsistent with creation of long-term shareholder value. The
pro forma effect of acquisitions made in 1993, 1994, and 1995 on the Company's
results of operations is not material.

  Financing activities required $200.8 million of cash in 1995 versus $96.1
million and $56.9 million in 1993 and 1994, respectively. Major uses included
debt repayments, stock repurchases, and dividends. Dividend payments totaled
$16.8 million in 1993, $19.0 million in 1994, and $20.3 million in 1995 as the
Company increased its declared dividends from $0.08 per common share in 1993 to
$0.10 and $0.11 per common share in 1994 and 1995, respectively. During 1994 and
1995, Wheelabrator repurchased 3.3 million and 7.2 million shares of its common
stock at an aggregate cost of approximately $47.6 million and $104.2 million,
respectively. No shares were repurchased in 1993. Short-term borrowings pursuant
to the Master Intercorporate Agreement between the Company and WMX funded the
1994 share repurchases and were repaid using operating cash flow during the
first half of 1995. The Company is authorized to repurchase an additional 19.2
million shares of its common stock through mid-December 1997 on the open market
or in privately negotiated transactions provided market conditions make it
attractive to do so.

  In addition to making scheduled repayments thereon, over the past several
years Wheelabrator has refinanced at lower interest rates or repaid prior to
maturity certain of its existing project debt. During 1993, the long-term
project debt underlying the sale leaseback financing of the Company's Baltimore,
Maryland, trash-to-energy facility was refinanced with the resulting rate
benefit being recognized in the form of lower lease payments over the remaining
term of the facility's operating lease. Additionally, approximately $40.0
million of letter of credit secured debt related to the Company's Westchester
County facility was retired at par value in 1993. The remaining $113.0 million
of project debt associated with the Westchester County facility was refinanced
in March 1994. Half of the interest savings of approximately 4.7 percentage
points is being shared with Westchester County in exchange for certain
agreements covering the County's involvement in the retrofit of the facility to
meet CAAA requirements and a five-year extension of the solid waste disposal
agreement with the County. Private placement debt of $11.3 million associated
with the Saugus, Massachusetts, trash-to-energy plant was also retired in 1994.
In December 1995, Wheelabrator refinanced the remaining $28.6 million of bank
debt connected with its Frackville, Pennsylvania, independent power facility.
This refinancing lowered the interest rate premium above LIBOR on this floating
rate debt by slightly under 1.2 percentage points and included a Wheelabrator
guarantee of the project's debt obligations. Net of refinancing proceeds, $83.4
million, $47.4 million, and $31.8 million of cash was used to retire long-term
debt in 1993, 1994, and 1995, respectively.

  The Company currently expects its major uses of capital during 1996 to include
investments in new projects, continued acquisitions, and stock repurchases in
addition to dividends, scheduled debt repayments, and nonproject capital
expenditures. Planned project investments, which include continued construction
of the Baltimore II pelletizer, are expected to require approximately $50
million of cash during 1996. Nonproject capital spending is expected to use a
similar amount of cash, which represents an increase compared to past years due
principally to planned investments in Clean Water businesses such as a Pacific
Rim headquarters and research center located in Singapore and expansion of the
Parker, Arizona, carbon regeneration facility. While the Company intends to
continue to grow its Clean Water business through selected, strategic
acquisitions, the level of spending will be dependent on the specific
opportunities that are identified.

  Within the next five years, the air pollution control systems at certain
trash-to-energy facilities owned or leased by Wheelabrator will be required to
be modified to comply with more stringent air pollution control standards
adopted by the EPA in October 1995. 

12
<PAGE>
 
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The compliance dates will vary by facility, but all affected facilities will be
required to be in compliance with the new rules by the end of the year 2000.
Currently available technologies will be adequate to meet the new standards.
Although the total expenditures required for such modifications are estimated to
be in the $250 - $300 million range, they are not expected to have a material
adverse effect on the Company's liquidity or results of operations because
provisions in the impacted facilities' long-term waste supply agreements allow
the Company to recover from customers the majority of incremental capital and
operating costs.

  Wheelabrator had net working capital of $98.2 million as of December 31, 1995,
compared to a working capital deficit of $16.0 million at the previous year-end.
Included in year-end 1995 working capital was $78.7 million of cash and cash
equivalents. This cash plus an expected $250 - $300 million of net cash
generated by operating activities and short-term borrowings from WMX are
expected to be sufficient to meet the Company's anticipated short-term capital
expenditure, dividend payment, debt retirement, and operating liquidity needs.
Pursuant to the Master Intercorporate Agreement, which governs borrowing and
lending between the Company and WMX, Wheelabrator may borrow up to $100.0
million in excess of any amounts loaned to WMX. In August 1995, this agreement
was extended through December 1996, and will automatically renew on an annual
basis thereafter unless either party provides 90-day notice of termination. In
addition to using available internally-generated cash, expected share repurchase
and acquisition activities will likely be funded by external, long-term
financing of certain projects such as the two Baltimore pelletizers.
Wheelabrator's ratio of total debt to total capital was approximately 34 percent
at the end of 1995, which the Company believes to be indicative of substantial
unused borrowing capacity given its historically strong ability to generate cash
from operations.

DERIVATIVES  From time to time, the Company uses foreign currency derivatives
to mitigate the impact of currency fluctuations on its equity income from WM
International and on certain specifically identified transactions. In addition,
Wheelabrator was a party to an interest rate swap agreement that minimized the
impact of interest rate fluctuations on, and was a required part of the
projected financing for, its Frackville facility. This swap agreement expired in
December 1995. Derivatives used are confined to simple instruments that do not
involve multipliers or leverage and have not had and are not expected to have a
material impact on the Company's financial statements. The use of and accounting
for these derivative instruments, all of which are considered nontrading in
nature, are discussed more fully in Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements.

CONTINGENCIES  In May 1994, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that state and local
governments may not constitutionally restrict the free movement of trash in
interstate commerce through the use of flow control laws. Such laws typically
involve a municipality specifying the disposal site for all solid waste
generated within its borders. Since the ruling, several decisions of state or
federal courts have invalidated regulatory flow control schemes in a number of
jurisdictions. Other judicial decisions have upheld nonregulatory means by which
municipalities may effectively control the flow of municipal solid waste. There
can be no assurance that such alternatives to regulatory flow control will in
every case be found to be lawful. For example, the Company's Gloucester County,
New Jersey, facility relies on a disposal franchise for substantially all of its
supply of municipal solid waste. A recent federal court ruling in that state
invalidated a franchise applicable to construction and demolition waste and has
cast doubt on the validity of the municipal solid waste disposal franchise,
which is now being challenged in separate litigation. The Supreme Court's ruling
has not to date had a material adverse affect on any of the Company's trash-to-
energy operations. Federal legislation has been proposed, but not yet enacted,
to effectively grandfather existing flow control mandates. In the event that
such legislation is not adopted, the Company believes that affected
municipalities will endeavor to implement alternative lawful means to continue
controlling the flow of waste. In view of the uncertain state of the law at this
time, however, the Company is unable to predict whether such efforts would be
successful.

  Since 1994, the Company was involved in litigation involving permits for the
construction and operation of the Lisbon facility. These matters were resolved
during 1995, and the plant began commercial operations in January 1996.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

OUTLOOK

The Clean Water segment was reorganized and consolidated into one line of
business in 1995. A thorough review of strategy has been conducted by
management, and in the future, the Company intends to focus on increasing the
long-term services component of this business by providing additional
outsourcing services for plant operation and biosolids management as well as the
ownership and operation of industrial process water and wastewater plants,
municipal drinking water plants, and municipal wastewater plants. In addition,
Clean Water will continue to develop and grow a strong technology and process
base both to service its clients' needs worldwide and to support its service
focus.

  The energy business' focus in 1996 will be on further optimizing operations at
existing facilities while pursuing international opportunities for trash-to-
energy and other waste fuel-fired power plants. Such development activities
typically require multi-year efforts. The Company also intends to further
capitalize on its power generation expertise by pursuing domestic opportunities
to own and operate power plants for industrial customers.

  During 1995, management conducted a significant downsizing and consolidation
of air business operations to size the business to fit the potential market and
operate on a cash-positive basis. In 1996, management will keep the air business
and other under-performing assets under close review. It is not anticipated that
market conditions in the air business will improve significantly in the next two
or three years.

  In light of the factors discussed above and the anticipated continued shift in
the Company's revenue mix into lower-margin water businesses, Wheelabrator
expects its 1996 earnings per share growth will not exceed ten percent.

                                                                              13
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
 
                                                                    EXHIBIT 13.2

Wheelabrator Technologies Inc. and Subsidiaries
Consolidated Balance Sheets
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(000s omitted, except share amounts)
December 31,                                                                         1994         1995
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                            <C>          <C>
Assets
 Current assets:
 Cash and cash equivalents                                                     $   36,133   $   78,732
 Receivables, net of allowance of $9,462 in 1994 and $12,187 in 1995              216,367      215,080
 Inventories                                                                       69,220       62,638
 Costs and earnings in excess of billings                                          42,833       50,497
 Other current assets                                                              58,360       51,312
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Total current assets                                                            422,913      458,259
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Property, plant, and equipment, net                                             1,680,002    1,624,159
Cost in excess of net assets of acquired businesses, net                          230,711      233,533
Investments in affiliates                                                         618,971      604,656
Other assets                                                                      324,014      299,586
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Total assets                                                                 $3,276,611   $3,220,193
======================================================================================================

Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity
Current liabilities:
 Current maturities of long-term debt                                          $   35,749   $   35,808
 Due to WMX Technologies, Inc.                                                     53,163           --
 Accounts payable                                                                  94,375       93,327
 Accrued liabilities                                                              189,687      185,273
 Advance payments on contracts                                                     65,966       45,686
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Total current liabilities                                                       438,940      360,094
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Long-term debt                                                                    735,933      704,414
Deferred income taxes                                                             326,757      395,645
Deferred income                                                                    89,083       77,513
Other long-term liabilities                                                       261,016      232,262
Commitments and contingencies
Stockholders' equity:
 Preferred stock, par value $1.00 per share; 50,000,000 authorized;
  none issued or outstanding                                                           --           --
 Common stock, par value $0.01 per share; 500,000,000 authorized;
  189,545,407 shares issued in 1994 and 1995                                        1,895        1,895
 Capital in excess of par value                                                   877,428      876,595
 Cumulative translation adjustment                                                (17,650)      (9,986)
 Treasury stock at cost; 3,270,054 shares in 1994, 10,112,610 shares in 1995      (47,489)    (146,494)
 Retained earnings                                                                610,698      728,255
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Total stockholders' equity                                                    1,424,882    1,450,265
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total liabilities and stockholders' equity                                  $3,276,611   $3,220,193
======================================================================================================
</TABLE>
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these balance sheets.

14
<PAGE>
 
Wheelabrator Technologies Inc. and Subsidiaries

Consolidated Statements of Income
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
 
(000s omitted, except per share amounts)

Years Ended December 31,                        1993         1994         1995
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                      <C>          <C>          <C>
Revenue                                   $1,142,219   $1,324,567   $1,451,675
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Operating expenses                          792,719      915,237    1,015,269
 Selling and administrative expenses         107,276      119,380      130,976
 Interest expense                             64,484       52,454       60,726
 Interest income                             (18,278)     (14,250)     (11,123)
 Equity in earnings of affiliates
  (1995 reduced by $25.6 million related to
  a special charge recorded by
  WM International)                          (38,462)     (29,348)      (4,998)
 Gains from stock transactions of
  affiliates                                  (7,680)          --           --
 Other income, net                            (4,530)      (1,589)      (2,612)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Income from continuing operations 
  before income taxes                        246,690      282,683      263,437
 Income tax provision                         89,935      102,521      101,288
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income from continuing operations            156,755      180,162      162,149
 Equity income from discontinued 
  operations (Note 3)                          6,347        4,733        5,789
 Equity in provision for loss on
  disposal of discontinued operations
  (Note 3)                                        --           --      (30,080)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income                                $  163,102   $  184,895   $  137,858
==============================================================================
Weighted average common and common
 equivalent shares outstanding               188,900      189,900      185,000
==============================================================================
 
Earnings (loss) per common and
 common equivalent share:
 Continuing operations                    $     0.83   $     0.95   $     0.88
 Discontinued operations                        0.03         0.02        (0.13)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income                                $     0.86   $     0.97   $     0.75
==============================================================================
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

                                                                              15
<PAGE>
 
Wheelabrator Technologies Inc. and Subsidiaries
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(000s omitted)
Years Ended December 31,                                                           1993        1994        1995
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                             <C>         <C>         <C>
Operating Activities
Net income                                                                      $ 163,102   $ 184,895   $ 137,858
Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash flows from operating activities:
  Depreciation and amortization                                                    75,323      95,254     107,814
  Deferred income taxes                                                            61,477      48,909      59,295
  Undistributed earnings of affiliates                                            (38,462)    (29,348)     (4,998)
  Equity in discontinued operations                                                (6,347)     (4,733)     24,291
  Gains from stock transactions of affiliates                                      (7,680)         --          --
  Deferred lease expense                                                           (7,349)     (7,530)    (10,523)
  Changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquired
   and contributed businesses:
     Receivables, net                                                             (21,578)    (29,258)    (11,195)
     Inventories                                                                    4,101      (9,517)      5,014
     Costs and earnings in excess of billings                                     (12,879)     (2,097)     (7,664)
     Other current assets                                                          (2,439)     (2,826)     12,296
     Accounts payable                                                             (32,008)     10,525        (542)
     Accrued liabilities                                                          (21,965)    (19,400)       (933)
     Advance payments on contracts                                                    380      (2,594)    (27,637)
     Other long-term liabilities                                                   23,822     (46,534)    (36,713)
  Other, net                                                                      (23,957)     (6,883)     (9,039)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Net cash provided by operating activities                                       153,541     178,863     237,324
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Investing Activities
Capital expenditures                                                             (291,637)   (105,459)    (37,805)
Proceeds from sale of investments                                                  10,682         583      12,821
Sale of property, plant, and equipment                                              1,682       8,374      12,498
Investments held by trustees                                                        9,917       5,936      36,810
Cash paid for acquisitions, net of acquired cash                                  (14,983)    (25,754)    (12,571)
Other, net                                                                        (27,690)     (6,206)     (5,672)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities                           (312,029)   (122,526)      6,081
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Financing Activities
Additions to long-term debt                                                            --     112,985      29,388
Repayments of long-term debt                                                      (83,443)   (160,335)    (61,181)
Net borrowings from WMX Technologies, Inc.                                             --      53,163     (53,163)
Proceeds from exercise of stock options                                             4,205       5,739       3,665
Dividends paid                                                                    (16,826)    (18,954)    (20,301)
Stock repurchase program                                                               --     (47,550)   (102,368)
Other, net                                                                             --      (1,971)      3,154
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Net cash used for financing activities                                          (96,064)    (56,923)   (200,806)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                 (254,552)       (586)     42,599
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                                  291,271      36,719      36,133
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period                                      $  36,719   $  36,133   $  78,732
=================================================================================================================
Supplemental disclosure:
  Interest paid, net of amounts capitalized                                     $  62,490   $  56,015   $  59,812
=================================================================================================================
  Income taxes paid                                                             $  85,441   $  73,790   $  44,099
=================================================================================================================
Significant noncash investing activities:
  Net assets contributed to Rust International Inc.                             $ 244,278   $      --   $      --
=================================================================================================================
  Common stock issued for acquisitions                                          $  30,972   $   2,900   $      --
=================================================================================================================
  Liabilities assumed in acquisitions                                           $  35,427   $  74,938   $   8,232
=================================================================================================================
</TABLE>
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

16
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Wheelabrator Technologies Inc. and Subsidiaries

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(000s omitted)
                                                           Capital in     Cumulative                                      
                                                 Common     Excess of    Translation     Treasury    Retained             
                                                  Stock     Par Value     Adjustment        Stock    Earnings         Total
<S>                                              <C>       <C>           <C>            <C>          <C>         <C>      
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance, December 31, 1992                       $1,865      $758,646       $(17,785)   $      --    $296,617    $1,039,343
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Net income                                          --            --             --           --     163,102       163,102
 Dividends declared ($0.08 per share)                --            --             --           --     (14,962)      (14,962)
 Foreign currency translation                        --            --        (15,885)          --          --       (15,885)
 Exercise of stock options                            7         4,195             --            3          --         4,205
 Tax benefit from stock options                      --         3,370             --           --          --         3,370
 Stock issued for acquisitions                       16        30,707             --          249          --        30,972
 Treasury shares from acquisition adjustments        --            --             --         (969)         --          (969)
 Investment in Rust International Inc.               --        77,662             --           --          --        77,662
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance, December 31, 1993                        1,888       874,580        (33,670)        (717)    444,757     1,286,838
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Net income                                          --            --             --           --     184,895       184,895
 Dividends declared ($0.10 per share)                --            --             --           --     (18,954)      (18,954)
 Foreign currency translation                        --            --         16,020           --          --        16,020
 Exercise of stock options                            5         4,457             --        1,277          --         5,739
 Tax benefit from stock options                      --         2,134             --           --          --         2,134
 Stock issued for acquisitions                        2         2,898             --           --          --         2,900
 Treasury shares from acquisition adjustments        --            --             --         (499)         --          (499)
 Stock repurchases (3,273,800 shares)                --            --             --      (47,550)         --       (47,550)
 Investment in Rust International Inc.               --        (6,641)            --           --          --        (6,641)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance, December 31, 1994                        1,895       877,428        (17,650)     (47,489)    610,698     1,424,882
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Net income                                          --            --             --           --     137,858       137,858
 Dividends declared ($0.11 per share)                --            --             --           --     (20,301)      (20,301)
 Foreign currency translation                        --            --          7,664           --          --         7,664
 Exercise of stock options                           --        (1,488)            --        5,153          --         3,665
 Tax benefit from stock options                      --           655             --           --          --           655
 Stock repurchases (7,194,600 shares)                --            --             --     (104,154)         --      (104,154)
 Treasury shares from acquisition adjustments        --            --             --           (4)         --            (4)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance, December 31, 1995                       $1,895      $876,595       $ (9,986)   $(146,494)   $728,255    $1,450,265 
===========================================================================================================================
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

                                      17

<PAGE>
 
Wheelabrator Technologies Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements (000s omitted in all tables except per share amounts)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 1  BUSINESS DESCRIPTION

Wheelabrator Technologies Inc. ("Wheelabrator" or the "Company"), a majority-
owned subsidiary of WMX Technologies, Inc. ("WMX"), is a multi-faceted
environmental services company involved in two principal global lines of
business: Clean Energy and Clean Water. Clean Energy develops, owns, and
operates trash-to-energy and independent power facilities that generate
electrical power for sale to utilities while providing trash disposal for
municipal and commercial customers. Clean Water's products and services include
equipment and process systems designed for water and wastewater management,
water and wastewater treatment facility operation, and biosolids management. Its
customer base is municipal and industrial in nature. The Company also offers air
quality control systems for industrial and utility applications and has
substantial equity investments in two WMX-controlled companies, Waste Management
International plc ("WM International") and Rust International Inc. ("Rust").
Additional financial information by line of business and geographic area appears
in Note 10.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 2  SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION

The Company's financial statements are prepared on a consolidated basis and
include the Company and its majority-owned subsidiaries. All significant
intercompany transactions and balances are eliminated. Investments in affiliates
the Company does not control are accounted for using the equity method after
elimination of material interaffiliate transactions.

USE OF ESTIMATES

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income, and expenses and
disclosures of contingencies. Future events could alter such estimates.

CONCENTRATIONS

Wheelabrator's businesses offer a multitude of products and services to a
diverse customer base. As of December 31, 1995, the Company believes it has no
significant customer, supplier, product line, credit risk, geographic, or other
concentrations that could expose the Company to adverse, near-term severe
financial impacts.

REVENUE RECOGNITION

The Company recognizes revenue from certain long-term engineering, equipment
supply, and construction contracts on the percentage-of-completion basis, with
estimated losses recognized in full when identified. All other revenue is
recognized when services are rendered or products are shipped.

DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT

Through August 1994, the Company and WMX were parties to an agreement that
provided for reimbursement by WMX of certain project development expenses
incurred by Wheelabrator, subject to certain limitations. Wheelabrator billed
WMX $6.9 million and $7.6 million under this agreement during 1993 and 1994,
respectively.

FOREIGN CURRENCY

Certain foreign subsidiaries' income statement accounts are translated at the
average exchange rates in effect during the period, while assets and liabilities
are translated at the rates of exchange at the balance sheet date. The resulting
balance sheet translation adjustments are charged or credited directly to
stockholders' equity. Foreign exchange transaction gains and losses realized
during 1993, 1994, and 1995 were not significant.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

For purposes of the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, all highly liquid
instruments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less, and
investments with WMX, are considered to be cash equivalents.

  Wheelabrator and WMX are parties to a Master Intercorporate Agreement that
provides, among other things, for Wheelabrator to lend excess cash to WMX at
interest rates at least as favorable as those Wheelabrator could otherwise
obtain. In August 1995, this agreement was extended through December 31, 1996,
and will automatically renew on an annual basis thereafter unless either party
provides 90-day notice of termination. Under the agreement's terms, in the event
Wheelabrator requires short-term cash for the conduct of its business and
operations, WMX will make available to Wheelabrator such amounts as Wheelabrator
requires, up to a total of $100.0 million in excess of amounts loaned by
Wheelabrator to WMX. In addition, a right of set-off exists for amounts owed by
either Wheelabrator or WMX. As such, net amounts invested with WMX pursuant to
this agreement are considered to be highly liquid cash equivalents and are
included in cash and cash equivalents on the Company's Consolidated Balance
Sheets. At December 31, 1994, the Company had net borrowings from WMX of
approximately $53.2 million. As of December 31, 1995, the Company had
investments with WMX of $37.3 million.

DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

From time to time, the Company uses derivatives to manage currency and interest
rate risk. The portfolio of such instruments (which are held for purposes other
than trading) at December 31, 1995, is set forth below:

INTEREST RATE AGREEMENT  As part of the long-term financing of the Company's
Frackville, Pennsylvania, independent power facility, Wheelabrator was required
to enter into an interest rate swap agreement to reduce the impact of changes in
interest rates on the underlying variable rate term loans. Under the agreement,
which expired in December 1995, Wheelabrator paid a fixed interest rate of 9.65
percent and received floating interest rate payments from the counterparty at
LIBOR without the exchange of the underlying $25 million notional amount. Net
differences paid or received were included as part of interest expense over the
life of the agreement. Wheelabrator incurred $1.3 million and $0.7 million of
net interest expense under this agreement during 1994 and 1995, respectively,
which increased the effective interest rate on the related debt by approximately
four percent in 1994 and three percent in 1995.
                                                                
CURRENCY AGREEMENTS  During 1994, the Company used foreign currency derivatives
to mitigate the impact of currency fluctuations on its equity in the earnings of
its WM International affiliate. Although the Company's purpose for using such
derivatives was to hedge currency risk, they did not qualify for hedge
accounting under generally accepted accounting principles and accordingly, were
marked to market at the end of each interim accounting period. The derivatives
in place during 1994 consisted of offsetting 
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

18
<PAGE>
 
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

put and call options with different strike prices. The Company received or paid,
based on the notional amount of the option, the difference between the average
exchange rate of the hedged currency against the base currency and the average
(strike price) contained in the option. Complex instruments involving
multipliers or leverage were not used. Although the Company incurred an expense
in connection with these agreements, it recognized an offsetting increase in the
translation of foreign earnings from foreign investees. All options expired in
December 1994. The gains and losses recognized on these collars during 1994 were
immaterial. Management carefully monitors market conditions and may enter
similar agreements in the future when it is deemed beneficial.

  In addition, Wheelabrator has sold an immaterial amount of U.S. Dollars,
German Deutsche Marks, British Pounds, French Francs, Italian Lira, and Dutch
Guilders forward for delivery at various dates in 1996 to hedge foreign exchange
exposure on specifically identified transactions. Gains or losses on these
hedges are included in the measurement of the subsequent transaction. Where
deemed advantageous, management will enter similar hedges in the future to
mitigate foreign exchange exposure.

FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

The Company's financial instruments consist primarily of cash and cash
equivalents, receivables, investments held by trustees, accounts payable, and
debt instruments. The book values of cash and cash equivalents, receivables,
investments held by trustees, and accounts payable are considered to be
representative of their respective fair values. The aggregate fair market value
of Wheelabrator's long-term debt was approximately $828.3 million and $885.2
million on December 31, 1994 and 1995, respectively. The fair value of the
Company's long-term debt was determined by discounting future cash flows at the
quoted or estimated current rate applicable to each type of debt. See Note 6 for
the terms and carrying values of the Company's various debt instruments. The
fair value of the Frackville interest rate swap was a liability of approximately
$0.6 million on December 31, 1994. The fair value of the interest rate swap was
the estimated amount that the counterparty would have received to terminate the
swap agreement at the balance sheet date.

INVENTORIES

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out method) or
market (net realizable value).

PROPERTY, PLANT, AND EQUIPMENT

Property, plant, and equipment (including major improvements) are capitalized
and stated at cost. Items of an ordinary maintenance or repair nature are
charged directly to operating expense. The cost less estimated salvage value of
property, plant, and equipment (except for land and unutilized land options) is
generally depreciated on a straight-line basis over estimated useful lives that
range from 3 to 35 years.

  Under a land option agreement with a WMX subsidiary, the Company has the
exclusive right to purchase or lease sites for trash-to-energy or other
facilities at existing or future landfills owned by the subsidiary. These land
options are classified as property, plant, and equipment. The option cost
attributable to each utilized site will be allocated to a facility and amortized
on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the facility upon
commencement of operations. During 1994, amortization began on $29.6 million
worth of exercised land options as two facilities located on such sites
commenced operations. During 1995, the land option agreement was amended to
include, among other things, a guarantee of value for Wheelabrator and an
extension through 2020. The Company paid $15.0 million to WMX in conjunction
with this amendment, which amount was capitalized net of amounts previously
accrued and capitalized in conjunction with an earlier extension option.

CAPITALIZED INTEREST

The Company capitalizes interest on significant projects under construction in
accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 34. Amounts
capitalized and netted against interest expense in the Consolidated Statements
of Income were $10.0 million in 1993, $12.1 million in 1994, and $0.1 million in
1995.

COST IN EXCESS OF NET ASSETS OF ACQUIRED BUSINESSES

The excess of cost over fair value of the net assets of acquired businesses
("goodwill") is amortized on a straight-line basis over a maximum of 40 years.
The accumulated amortization balances as of December 31, 1994 and 1995, were
$15.9 million and $22.3 million, respectively. On an ongoing basis, the Company
measures realizability of goodwill by the ability of the acquired businesses to
generate current and undiscounted expected future cash flow in excess of
unamortized goodwill. If such realizability is in doubt, an adjustment is made
to reduce the carrying value of the goodwill. Such adjustments have not
historically been material to the Company's financial statements.

DISPOSAL CREDITS

The Company classifies disposal credits as other assets until applied against
the cost of disposing of materials such as biosolids or ash residue from its
trash-to-energy facilities at WMX landfills. These credits are charged to
expense as utilized. The Company utilized $2.5 million and $3.0 million of
disposal credits during 1994 and 1995, respectively. There were approximately
$34.2 million and $31.2 million of disposal credits remaining at December 31,
1994 and 1995, respectively.

FACILITY MAINTENANCE ACCRUAL

In order to match more consistently expenditures for major repair and overhaul
activities with revenue, the Company follows a policy of accruing for major
maintenance expenditures at its trash-to-energy and independent power
facilities. Such accruals are based upon planned maintenance expenditures and
are classified as current or noncurrent liabilities based on the expected timing
of the expenditures.
                                                           
INCOME TAXES

Income taxes are provided based on earnings reported for financial statement
purposes. The provision for income taxes differs from the amounts currently
payable because of timing differences in the recognition of certain income and
expense items for financial reporting and tax reporting purposes. In accordance
with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109, the Company accounts
for income taxes using an asset and liability method. The asset and liability
method requires the recognition of deferred tax liabilities and assets for the
expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between tax bases and
financial reporting bases of assets and liabilities, measured using the enacted
tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are expected to
reverse. Deferred income taxes are not provided on undistributed earnings of
affiliates because these earnings are considered to be permanently reinvested.
If the reinvested earnings were to be remitted, the U.S. income taxes due under
current tax law would not be material. Investment credits have been deferred and
are included in income as a reduction of income tax expense over the estimated
useful lives of the assets that gave rise to the credits. See Note 4.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                              19
<PAGE>
 
Wheelabrator Technologies Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

ENVIRONMENTAL COSTS AND LIABILITIES

The Company operates in the environmental industry and the majority of its
businesses are involved with the protection of the environment. As such, a
significant portion of the Company's operating costs and capital expenditures
could be characterized as costs of environmental protection. While the Company
is faced, in the normal course of its business, with the need to expend funds
for environmental protection, it does not expect such expenditures to have a
material adverse effect on its financial condition or results of operations
because its business is based upon compliance with environmental laws and
regulations and its products and services are priced accordingly. Although
unlikely in the near-term, such ongoing compliance costs may increase in the
future as a result of legislation or regulation. However, the Company believes
that in general it benefits from increased government regulation, which
increases the demand for its products and services, and that it has the
resources and experience to manage environmental risk.

  Estimated closure and postclosure monitoring costs associated with ash
residue monofills for which the Company is responsible include items such as
final cap and cover on the site, leachate management, and groundwater
monitoring. These costs are recognized in proportion to use of the permitted
capacity at such disposal sites. Such costs are estimated based on the technical
requirements of EPA or applicable state regulations, whichever are stricter.
These accruals for closure and postclosure costs relate to expenditures to be
incurred after a monofill ceases to accept ash residue. To the extent similar
costs are incurred during the active life of the site, they are expensed as
incurred. Preparation costs associated with these sites and their individual
cells are capitalized and amortized over the respective estimated life of the
disposal site or individual cell.

  Wheelabrator has instituted procedures to periodically evaluate other
potential environmental exposures. When the Company concludes it is probable
that a liability has been incurred, provision is made in the financial
statements, based upon management's judgment and prior experience, for the
Company's best estimate of the liability. Such estimates are subsequently
revised as deemed necessary when additional information becomes available. While
the Company does not anticipate that any such adjustment would be material to
its financial statements, it is reasonably possible that future technological,
regulatory or enforcement developments, results of environmental studies, or
other factors could alter this expectation and necessitate the recording of
additional liabilities, which could be material.

  The Company has recorded liabilities for closure and postclosure monitoring
and environmental remediation costs as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
December 31,                        1994     1995
- ---------------------------------------------------
<S>                                <C>      <C>
Current portion, included in
  accrued liabilities              $ 4,562  $11,452
Noncurrent portion, included in
  other long-term liabilities       17,145    6,677
                                   -------  -------
Total environmental liabilities    $21,707  $18,129
                                   =======  =======
</TABLE>

  During the remaining life of active sites, the Company anticipates providing
an additional $2.1 million of closure and postclosure costs.

CONTRACTS IN PROCESS

Information with respect to contracts in process at December 31, 1994 and 1995,
is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
December 31,                                 1994        1995
- ---------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                       <C>         <C>
Costs and estimated earnings
on uncompleted contracts                  $ 601,650   $ 450,202
Less: Billings on uncompleted contracts    (624,783)   (445,391)
                                          ---------   ---------
Total contracts in process                $ (23,133)  $   4,811
                                          =========   =========
  Contracts in process are included in the Consolidated Balance 
Sheets under the following captions:

December 31,                                 1994        1995
- ---------------------------------------------------------------
Costs and earnings in excess of billings  $  42,833   $  50,497
Advance payments on contracts               (65,966)    (45,686)
                                          ---------   ---------
Total contracts in process                $ (23,133)  $   4,811
                                          =========   =========
</TABLE> 
  All contracts in process are expected to be billed and collected within three
years.

  Accounts receivable includes retainage that has been billed but is not due
pursuant to contract provisions until completion. Such retainage at December 31,
1995, is $14.2 million, including $1.3 million that is expected to be collected
after one year. At December 31, 1994, retainage was $14.6 million.

EARNINGS PER COMMON AND COMMON EQUIVALENT SHARE

Earnings per common and common equivalent share is calculated by dividing net
income by the weighted average number of shares outstanding, including the
effect of common stock equivalents determined using the treasury stock method.
Common stock equivalents consist of unexercised stock options. The treasury
stock method assumes that options with an exercise price below the average
market price for the period are exercised at the beginning of the period and the
proceeds from the exercise of such options are used to repurchase common stock.

  The following table reconciles the number of common shares shown as
outstanding in the Consolidated Balance Sheets with the number of common shares
used in computing earnings per share:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Years Ended December 31,                               1994     1995
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                   <C>      <C>
Common shares issued,
  net of treasury stock per
  Consolidated Balance Sheets                         186,275  179,433
Effect of shares issuable under
  stock options after applying
  the "treasury stock" method                             782      643
Effect of using weighted
  average common shares
  outstanding during the year                           2,843    4,924
                                                      -------  -------
Common shares used in computing earnings per share    189,900  185,000
                                                      =======  =======
</TABLE>

ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

Effective January 1, 1994, Wheelabrator adopted Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 112 "Employers' Accounting for Postemployment Benefits"
("FAS 112"). This new statement established accounting standards for employers
who provide benefits to former or inactive employees after employment but before
retirement. The adoption of FAS 112 did not have a material impact on the
Company's financial statements since its accounting prior to adoption of FAS 112
was substantially in compliance with 

20
<PAGE>
 
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

the new standard. Also effective during 1994 was Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 115, "Accounting for Certain Debt and Equity
Securities" ("FAS 115"). The Company does not have significant investments and
does not contemplate acquiring significant investments of the type covered in
FAS 115.

  The Company is required to adopt Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
No. 121, "Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived
Assets to Be Disposed Of" ("FAS 121"), beginning in 1996. Wheelabrator does not
believe the adoption of FAS 121 will have a material impact on its financial
statements.

  In October 1995, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 123, "Accounting for Stock-Based
Compensation" ("FAS 123"), which the Company also must adopt in 1996. FAS 123
provides an optional new method of accounting for employee stock options and
expands required disclosure about stock options. If the new method of accounting
is not adopted, the Company will be required to disclose pro forma net income
and earnings per share as if it were. The Company is studying FAS 123 and is
gathering data necessary to calculate compensation in accordance with its
provisions, but has not decided whether to adopt the new method or quantified
its impact on the financial statements.

RECLASSIFICATION

Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform with the current
year presentation.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 3  CAPITAL TRANSACTIONS, ACQUISITIONS, AND DIVESTITURES

WM INTERNATIONAL

Wheelabrator owns approximately 12 percent of WM International, a WMX subsidiary
that owns substantially all of WMX's waste management services operations
outside of North America. The investment is accounted for using the equity
method due to the significance, through WMX, of Wheelabrator's influence over WM
International. As of December 31, 1995, WM International was owned approximately
12 percent by Wheelabrator, 12 percent by Rust, 56 percent by WMX, and 20
percent by the public.

  During 1993, 1994, and 1995, respectively, Wheelabrator recorded equity in net
income (loss) of WM International of $13.8 million, $15.2 million, and $(5.1)
million. The Company's equity income was reduced by approximately $25.6 million
during the fourth quarter of 1995 for its share of a largely noncash special
charge recorded by WM International. The charge related to actions WM
International is taking to sell or otherwise dispose of noncore businesses and
investments as well as core businesses and investments in low potential markets,
abandon certain hazardous waste treatment and processing technologies, and
streamline its country management organization. The charge followed a thorough
review of WM International's operations and management structure, and reflects
WM International's intention to refocus on its core waste services business.
Wheelabrator's investment in WM International totaled approximately $226.0
million and $228.7 million as of December 31, 1994 and 1995, respectively.
Included within these investment balances are undistributed earnings of
approximately $52.0 million and $47.0 million as of December 31, 1994 and 1995,
respectively. As of December 31, 1995, the market value of the Company's WM
International investment exceeded its book value by approximately $13.2 million.

  A summary of certain financial information for WM International follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
December 31,                                              1994        1995
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                         <C>         <C>         <C>
Current assets                                      $  828,011  $  859,591
Noncurrent assets                                    3,216,661   3,375,998
Current liabilities                                    788,769   1,077,746
Noncurrent liabilities                               1,042,062     893,717
Minority interest                                      330,172     357,934


Years Ended December 31,                      1993        1994        1995
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Revenue                                 $1,411,211  $1,710,862  $1,865,081
Gross profit                               402,065     466,265     260,206
Net income (loss)                          114,246     126,753     (42,112)
</TABLE> 

RUST

Wheelabrator owns approximately 40 percent of Rust, an environmental and
infrastructure engineering and consulting company. The remaining 60 percent of
Rust is owned directly or indirectly by WMX. During 1993, 1994, and 1995,
Wheelabrator recorded equity in income from continuing operations of Rust of
$25.0 million, $14.4 million, and $10.2 million, respectively. During 1993, the
Company also recognized a nontaxable gain of $7.7 million from Rust's issuance
of additional shares of its common stock. Wheelabrator's investment in Rust
totaled approximately $387.2 million and $373.1 million as of December 31, 1994
and 1995. The investment balance includes approximately $51.5 million and $37.4
million of undistributed earnings as of December 31, 1994 and 1995,
respectively.

  A summary of certain financial information for Rust follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
December 31,                                  1994        1995
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                     <C>         <C>
Current assets                          $  494,595  $  258,033
Noncurrent assets(1)                     1,277,060   1,260,844
Current liabilities                        254,068     123,207
Noncurrent liabilities                     545,624     450,696
</TABLE>

(1)  1995 noncurrent assets include approximately $130.6 million of net assets
     held for sale.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Years Ended December 31,          1993        1994        1995
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                         <C>         <C>         <C>
Revenue                     $1,035,004  $1,140,294  $1,027,430
Gross profit                   226,198     225,165     210,902
Income from
continuing operations           64,355      43,754      25,514
Net income (loss)               79,964      55,587     (35,213)
</TABLE>

DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS

In the fourth quarter of 1995, Rust announced that as a result of its ongoing
strategic review, it will sell or discontinue its process engineering,
construction, specialty contracting, and similar lines of business and focus on
its environmental and infrastructure engineering and consulting business. Rust
has classified the businesses to be disposed of as discontinued operations.
Wheelabrator has a 40 percent equity interest in Rust, and accordingly, has
recorded 40 percent of Rust's provision for loss on the disposal of these
operations. The Company's equity in the income from this segment of Rust has
also been reported separately from continuing operations.

  The provision for loss on disposal of discontinued operations includes
management's best estimates of the amounts expected to be realized on the sale
of these businesses. The amounts Rust will ultimately realize could differ
materially in the near-term from the amounts estimated in arriving at the
provision for loss.


                                                                              21
<PAGE>
 
Wheelabrator Technologies Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  During 1993, 1994, and 1995, Wheelabrator paid Rust approximately $144.7
million, $101.6 million, and $26.8 million, respectively, for engineering,
construction management, and other services. The terms of transactions between
the Company and Rust are generally the same as the terms of comparable
transactions with unaffiliated third parties.

ACQUISITIONS

In 1993, the Company acquired seven businesses engaged in providing water and
air quality-related environmental products and services as well as independent
power in exchange for approximately 1.6 million shares of Wheelabrator common
stock and $15.0 million of cash. In 1994, in exchange for approximately 156
thousand shares of Wheelabrator common stock and $25.8 million of cash, the
Company acquired wastewater treatment operating contracts and nine businesses
engaged in providing air and water quality-related environmental products and
services and in manufacturing surface finishing equipment. During 1995,
Wheelabrator completed the privatization of the Miami Conservancy District
wastewater treatment plant located in Franklin, Ohio, at a cost of approximately
$6.8 million. Also during 1995, the Company acquired a Taiwanese company engaged
in the design and engineering of water treatment equipment for approximately
$5.8 million, net of cash acquired. The Company utilizes the purchase method of
accounting, and the purchase price of the foregoing acquisitions has been
allocated to their respective net assets based upon estimated fair market
values. The results of operations of acquired entities have been included in
Wheelabrator's financial statements from their respective dates of acquisition.
The pro forma effect of the acquisitions made during 1993, 1994, and 1995 is not
material.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NOTE 4  INCOME TAXES

Summaries of the Company's income from continuing operations before income taxes
and its income tax provisions are given below.

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 

INCOME FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS BEFORE INCOME TAXES

Years Ended December 31,                           1993       1994       1995
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                            <C>        <C>        <C>
Domestic                                       $235,680   $272,650   $250,249
International                                    11,010     10,033     13,188
                                               --------   --------   --------
Total                                          $246,690   $282,683   $263,437
                                               ========   ========   ========
 
INCOME TAX PROVISION (BENEFIT)

Years Ended December 31,                           1993       1994       1995
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Current tax expense
 U.S. Federal                                  $ 16,021   $ 37,152   $ 25,945
 State and local                                  9,333     13,636     10,062
 Foreign                                          3,883      3,603      6,765
                                               --------   --------   --------
 Total current                                   29,237     54,391     42,772
                                               --------   --------   --------
Deferred tax expense
 U.S. Federal                                    54,780     43,713     51,046
 State and local                                  6,697      4,860      9,855
 Foreign                                             --        336     (1,606)
                                               --------   --------   --------
 Total deferred                                  61,477     48,909     59,295
                                               --------   --------   --------
U.S. Federal benefit from
 amortization of deferred
 investment credit                                 (779)      (779)      (779)
                                               --------   --------   --------
Total provision                                $ 89,935   $102,521   $101,288
                                               ========   ========   ========
</TABLE>

  The principal items accounting for the difference in income taxes computed at
the U.S. statutory rates and as recorded are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Years Ended December 31,                           1993       1994       1995
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                <C>        <C>        <C>
Statutory federal income tax rate                  35.0%      35.0%      35.0%
State income taxes after
 federal income tax benefit                         4.2        4.3        4.9
Equity income                                      (5.5)      (3.6)      (0.7)
Deferred tax revaluation
 relating to Omnibus Budget
 Reconciliation Act                                 2.6         --         --
Other, net                                          0.2        0.6       (0.8)
                                                   ----       ----       ----
Effective tax rate                                 36.5%      36.3%      38.4%
                                                   ====       ====       ====
</TABLE>

  During 1993, the Company recorded a $6.5 million increase in deferred income
taxes due to the impact that the tax rate increase enacted in the Omnibus Budget
Reconciliation Act of 1993 had on the net deferred income tax liability. The
principal items that comprise the 1994 and 1995 deferred tax (assets) and
liabilities are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
December 31,                                                 1994        1995
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                       <C>         <C>
Reserves not deductible until paid                        $(107,761)  $(102,400)
Deferred income                                             (25,233)    (22,907)
Basis difference in investments                                                
 and capital loss carryforwards                             (12,904)     (8,579)
Alternative minimum                                                            
 tax credit carryforwards                                   (17,289)    (24,581)
State net operating loss carryforwards                      (12,431)    (13,435)
Other                                                       (13,787)       (410)
Less: Valuation allowance                                    15,989      10,952
                                                          ---------   ---------
 Subtotal                                                  (173,416)   (161,360)
                                                          ---------   ---------
Property, plant, and equipment                              444,127     508,468
Nondeductible prepaid expenses                               13,876      11,817
Other                                                        42,170      36,720
                                                          ---------   ---------
 Subtotal                                                   500,173     557,005
                                                          ---------   ---------
Total deferred tax liability                              $ 326,757   $ 395,645
                                                          =========   ========= 
</TABLE>

  The Company has approximately $24.6 million of alternative minimum tax credit
carryforwards that may be carried forward indefinitely. The Company has capital
loss carryforwards of approximately $15 million with an expiration date of 1998.
Also, various subsidiaries have state operating loss carryforwards of
approximately $310 million with expiration dates through the year 2010.
Valuation allowances have been established due to the uncertainty of ultimately
realizing the tax benefit of certain state net operating loss carryforwards and
the tax benefits attributed to basis differences in certain investments. While
the Company expects to realize the deferred tax assets in excess of the
valuation allowances, changes in estimates of future taxable income or tax laws
could alter this expectation. The valuation allowance decreased $4.4 million
during 1994 primarily as a result of the realization of tax benefits due to the
disposition of certain investments. During 1995, the valuation allowance
decreased $5.0 million due primarily to the realization of capital loss
carryforwards.

22

<PAGE>
 
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 5  CAPITAL STOCK

COMMON STOCK

As of December 31, 1995, approximately 104.6 million shares of the Company's
common stock were held by WMX or its subsidiaries. Under certain circumstances,
WMX has options to purchase at fair market value newly issued shares of
Wheelabrator common stock. WMX also has certain registration rights until August
24, 1999, with respect to certain of the Wheelabrator common stock it holds.

  During 1994 and 1995, the Company repurchased approximately 3.3 million and
7.2 million shares of its common stock for an aggregate cost of approximately
$47.6 million and $104.2 million, respectively. The Company is authorized to
repurchase an additional 19.2 million shares of its common stock through
December 1997 on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, if
market conditions make it attractive to do so.

  The Company declared and paid cash dividends totaling $0.08, $0.10, and $0.11
per common share during 1993, 1994, and 1995, respectively.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 6  LONG-TERM DEBT AND LEASE COMMITMENTS

Long-term debt is as follows:

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 

December 31,                                                      1994      1995
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                           <C>       <C>     
Industrial development revenue bonds due 1996 to 2010 
  at rates of 4.0%-9.25%                                      $686,210  $666,678
Private placement bonds due 2008 at a rate of 10.64%            20,000    20,000
Project financing from syndicate of commercial banks 
  due 1995 to 2000 at a rate of 1.5% above LIBOR (8.44% 
  at December 31, 1994)                                         33,699        --
Project financing from commercial bank due 1996 to 2000 
  at a rate of 0.325% above LIBOR (6.2625% at December 31, 
  1995)                                                             --    28,641
Secured notes payable related to coal-handling facilities 
  due 1996 to 1999 at rates of 9.0%-9.875%                      24,950    20,327
Other nonproject debt due 1996 to 2008 at rates of 
  2.857% to 10.0%                                                6,823     4,576
                                                              --------  --------
                                                               771,682   740,222
Less: Current portion                                           35,749    35,808
                                                              --------  --------
Total long-term debt                                          $735,933  $704,414
                                                              ========  ========
</TABLE>

  At December 31, 1995, the Company's long-term project debt was collateralized
by property, plant, and equipment with a net book value of approximately $731.1
million and approximately $45.6 million of investments held by trustees.
Investments held by trustees typically represent proceeds of long-term debt
related to trash-to-energy and independent power projects. These amounts
generally consist of reserve funds maintained pursuant to project financing
agreement requirements. The investments, which are included in other assets in
the Consolidated Balance Sheets, are held in trust and use by the Company is
restricted. Also included within other assets are deferred financing costs,
which are amortized over the term of the related debt using a straight-line
method that approximates the interest method.

  Financing for certain trash-to-energy facilities currently operated by the
Company has been provided through sale and leaseback transactions arranged in
previous years. The leases are classified as operating leases, with lease
expense recognized on a straight-line basis over the base and bargain renewal
periods of each agreement. Timing differences between lease payments and
financial statement lease expense are included in other assets in the
Consolidated Balance Sheets. Gains realized on the sale transactions are
included in deferred income in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and are amortized
on a straight-line basis over the terms of the respective leases.

  Principal payments on long-term debt and noncancelable operating lease
payments for operating and office facilities at December 31, 1995, are due as
follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                           Long-term Debt                       Operating Leases
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                              <C>                                  <C>
1996                             $ 35,808                             $   87,399
1997                               34,312                                 88,555
1998                               43,160                                 89,182
1999                               43,541                                 92,466
2000                               43,090                                 93,156
Thereafter                        540,311                                651,153
                                 --------                             ----------
Total                            $740,222                             $1,101,911
                                 ========                             ==========
</TABLE>

  Total rent expense was $71.4 million, $72.7 million, and $70.5 million for the
years ended December 31, 1993, 1994, and 1995, respectively.

  The Company has directly or indirectly guaranteed the payment of debt
obligations at certain of its leased or owned facilities (see also Note 9).
These guarantees contain various covenants, the most restrictive of which
require the maintenance of specified levels of tangible net worth. The Company
is in compliance with these covenants as of December 31, 1995.

  Resco Holdings Inc. ("Resco"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Wheelabrator, and
Allied Signal Inc. ("Allied Signal") are parties to an agreement that provides
for specific credit support by Allied Signal for certain of Resco's trash-to-
energy project subsidiaries. Under the agreement, Allied Signal may require
Resco to refinance, without Allied Signal credit support, indebtedness of
supported trash-to-energy projects if it is economical (as defined in the
agreement) to do so. Resco and certain of its subsidiaries have agreed to
reimburse Allied Signal for all amounts that may be paid by it under the
agreement or various related credit support obligations. No support payments
have been made by Allied Signal as of December 31, 1995.

  Resco is also required to maintain a minimum level of tangible net worth
(approximately $549.8 million as of December 31, 1995). As of December 31, 1995,
Resco was in compliance with this provision. Resco has agreed not to declare or
pay any cash dividends to the Company at any time Resco's tangible net worth is
less than the required amount. Resco owns substantially all of the net operating
assets of the Company except certain net assets including cash and investments.
The Company has the ability to pay cash dividends using assets other than those
restricted within Resco.

                                                                              23
<PAGE>
 
Wheelabrator Technologies Inc. and Subsidiaries

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 7  STOCK AND BENEFIT PLANS

STOCK OPTION PLANS

Wheelabrator's stock option plans provide for the grant to key employees of
nonqualified options to purchase shares of the Company's common stock at a price
equal to the fair market value at the time of grant. When nonqualified options
are exercised, the Company receives a federal income tax deduction equal to the
market value of the shares at exercise date less the exercise price. The
associated tax savings is credited to capital in excess of par value.

  The status of the plans (including predecessor plans under which options
remain outstanding) through December 31, 1995, was as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                      Shares        Option Price
- ----------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                   <C>      <C>     <C> 
December 31, 1992
 Outstanding                           5,464     $ 3.87 - $15.75
 Available for future grant            5,714         --       --
                                      ------
1993: Granted                            673     $17.69 - $20.65
 Exercised                            (1,031)    $ 3.87 - $15.75
 Cancelled:
  Predecessor plans                      (14)             $11.90
  Current plans                          (46)    $14.25 - $20.65
                                      ------
December 31, 1993
 Outstanding                           5,046     $ 3.87 - $20.65
 Available for future grant            5,087         --       --
                                      ------
1994: Granted                            815              $19.13
Exercised                               (593)    $ 3.87 - $15.75
Cancelled:
  Predecessor plans                      (23)             $11.90
  Current plans                          (98)    $15.75 - $20.65
                                      ------
December 31, 1994
 Outstanding                           5,147     $ 3.87 - $20.65
 Available for future grant            4,370         --       --
                                      ------
1995: Granted                          1,283              $13.63
 Exercised                              (341)    $ 3.87 - $16.75
 Cancelled:
  Predecessor plans                       (6)             $11.90
  Current plans                         (212)    $15.75 - $20.65
                                      ------
December 31, 1995
 Outstanding                           5,871     $ 3.87 - $20.65
                                      ======
 Available for future grant            3,299         --       --
                                      ======
 Exercisable at end of year            3,915     $ 3.87 - $20.65
                                      ======
</TABLE>

  Outstanding options generally have a term of seven years from the date of the
grant and expire at various dates through April 1, 2002.

SAVINGS AND RETIREMENT PLAN

Substantially all employees are participants in the Wheelabrator-Rust Savings
and Retirement Plan, which is a qualified defined contribution plan consisting
of a savings account component (the "Savings Account") and a retirement account
component (the "Retirement Account"). Under the terms of the Savings Account,
eligible employees of the Company may elect to contribute a portion of their
annual compensation not to exceed 16 percent. The Company is required to match a
minimum of 30 percent of the first six percent of eligible compensation
contributed by an employee. Under the terms of the Retirement Account, eligible
employees of the Company receive an annual contribution equal to a minimum of
three percent of their eligible earnings. Employees vest in Company
contributions and the associated earnings in the Savings Account at 20 percent
per year and in the Retirement Account after five years. Wheelabrator's
contributions to such plans during 1993, 1994, and 1995 amounted to
approximately $6.2 million, $8.0 million, and $8.5 million, respectively.

POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS OTHER THAN PENSIONS

The Company provides certain postretirement benefits other than pensions, which
are primarily health care benefits offered to a limited number of former
employees. The majority of the Company's active employees will not receive
postretirement benefits other than pensions. During the fourth quarter of 1995,
the Company settled litigation with a group of retirees regarding their level of
future benefits. As a result, the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation
for retiree health care plans was reduced by approximately $3.6 million.

  Details of the plans' expense recognized in the Consolidated Statements of
Income are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Years Ended December 31,      1993     1994     1995
- ----------------------------------------------------
<S>                         <C>      <C>      <C>
Service cost                $   50   $   59   $   64
Interest cost                2,646    2,590    3,155
Net amortization               (27)     (43)     (55)
                            ------   ------   ------
Total expense               $2,669   $2,606   $3,164
                            ======   ======   ======
</TABLE>

  The following sets forth the plans' funded status reconciled with amounts
reported in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
December 31,                                   1994     1995
- ------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                         <C>      <C>
Accumulated postretirement
 benefit obligation (APBO):
Retirees                                    $37,727  $36,794
Fully eligible active plan participants         433      467
Other active plan participants                  549      432
                                            -------  -------
Total APBO                                   38,709   37,693
Unrecognized:
Prior service cost                              627      566
Gain                                          3,080    1,844
                                            -------  -------
Accrued postretirement benefit liability    $42,416  $40,103
                                            =======  =======
</TABLE>

  For measurement purposes, a 10.0 percent annual rate of increase in the per
capita cost of covered health care claims was assumed for 1996, decreasing by
0.5 percent annually to 7.5 percent in 2001 and remaining at that level
thereafter. Increasing the assumed health care cost trend rates by one
percentage point in each year would increase the accumulated postretirement
benefit obligation as of December 31, 1995, by approximately $3.5 million and
increase the aggregate of the service and interest cost components of net
periodic postretirement benefit cost for 1995 by $0.3 million. The weighted
average discount rate used in determining the accumulated postretirement benefit
obligation was 8.5 percent in 1994 and 7.75 percent in 1995 based on expected
payout patterns.

24
<PAGE>
 
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 8  ADDITIONAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION

The following is a summary of inventories:

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
December 31,                                     1994     1995
- --------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                           <C>      <C>
Raw materials                                 $ 7,997  $16,595
Work in process                                43,961   32,107
Finished goods                                 17,262   13,936
                                              -------  -------
Total inventories                             $69,220  $62,638
                                              =======  =======
</TABLE>

  Included in other current assets are spare parts and supplies of $23.6 million
and $30.2 million as of December 31, 1994 and 1995, respectively.

  The following is a summary of property, plant, and equipment:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
December 31,                                  1994         1995
- ---------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                     <C>          <C>
Land                                    $  118,971   $  117,427
Land options                               256,225      261,703
Machinery and equipment                  1,271,152    1,318,223
Buildings and improvements                 303,560      312,681
Construction-in-progress                    40,367        8,233
Less: accumulated depreciation            (310,273)    (394,108)
                                        ----------   ----------
Total property, plant, and equipment    $1,680,002   $1,624,159
                                        ==========   ==========
</TABLE>

  Depreciation of property, plant, and equipment for the years ended December
31, 1993, 1994, and 1995 was $62.4 million, $82.6 million, and $90.7 million,
respectively.

  The following is a summary of accrued liabilities:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
December 31,                            1994      1995
- ------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                 <C>       <C>
Wages, salaries, and benefits       $ 30,642  $ 30,079
Interest and lease expense            41,158    44,928
Warranties and contract reserves      14,428    20,602
Other                                103,459    89,664
                                    --------  --------
Total accrued liabilities           $189,687  $185,273
                                    ========  ========
</TABLE>
- ------------------------------------------------------
NOTE 9  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

The Company has issued or is a party to 461 bank letters of credit, performance
bonds, and other guarantees. Such financial instruments (averaging approximately
$1 million each) are given in the ordinary course of business.

  Since 1994, the Company was involved in litigation concerning permits for the
construction and operation of the Lisbon, Connecticut, trash-to-energy plant.
These matters were resolved during 1995, and the plant began commercial
operations in January 1996.

  In May 1994, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that state and local governments may
not constitutionally restrict the free movement of trash in interstate commerce
through the use of flow control laws. Such laws typically involve a municipality
specifying the disposal site for all solid waste generated within its borders.
Since the ruling, several decisions of state or federal courts have invalidated
regulatory flow control schemes in a number of jurisdictions. Other judicial
decisions have upheld nonregulatory means by which municipalities may
effectively control the flow of municipal solid waste. There can be no assurance
that such alternatives to regulatory flow control will in every case be found to
be lawful. For example, the Company's Gloucester County, New Jersey, facility
relies on a disposal franchise for substantially all of its supply of municipal
solid waste. A recent federal court ruling in that state invalidated a franchise
applicable to construction and demolition waste and has cast doubt on the
validity of the municipal solid waste disposal franchise, which is now being
challenged in separate litigation. The Supreme Court's ruling has not to date
had a material adverse affect on any of the Company's trash-to-energy
operations. Federal legislation has been proposed, but not yet enacted, to
effectively grandfather existing flow control mandates. In the event that such
legislation is not adopted, the Company believes that affected municipalities
will endeavor to implement alternative lawful means to continue controlling the
flow of waste. In view of the uncertain state of the law at this time, however,
the Company is unable to predict whether such efforts would be successful.

  Within the next five years, the air pollution control systems at certain 
trash-to-energy facilities owned or leased by Wheelabrator will be required to
be modified to comply with more stringent air pollution control standards
adopted by the EPA in October 1995. The compliance dates will vary by facility,
but all affected facilities will be required to be in compliance with the new
rules by the end of the year 2000. Currently available technologies will be
adequate to meet the new standards. Although the total expenditures required for
such modifications are estimated to be in the $250 - $300 million range, they
are not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company's liquidity or
results of operations because provisions in the impacted facilities' long-term
waste supply agreements allow the Company to recover from customers the majority
of incremental capital and operating costs.

  Wheelabrator has been notified by certain private parties that it may be
potentially responsible for a portion of the remediation costs related to a
certain state-listed remediation site currently subject to an enforcement order
that includes a site assessment study. Although the Company is considering
joining the private parties to share in these costs, no litigation has been
filed and the Company has not been named a potentially responsible party. At the
present time, there is insufficient information available to estimate the
remediation costs or the extent of Wheelabrator's responsibility beyond its
possible voluntary sharing of enforcement order costs. An estimate of those
costs is included in 1995's results of operations and is not material.

  There are various lawsuits and claims pending against Wheelabrator that have
arisen in the normal course of Wheelabrator's business and relate mainly to
matters of product liability, personal injury, and property damage. The outcome
of these matters is not presently determinable, but in the opinion of
management, based on the advice of counsel, the ultimate resolution of these
matters will not have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or
results of operations of the Company. It is reasonably possible, however, that a
change in the Company's estimate of its probable liability with respect to these
matters could occur in the near-term.

  The Company is self-insured for general liability claims up to $2.0 million
per occurrence. Liability insurance in effect during the last several years
provides coverage for environmental matters only to a limited extent.

                                                                              25
<PAGE>
 
Wheelabrator Technologies Inc. and Subsidiaries

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NOTE 10  SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION

During 1995, the Company began implementing the recommendations of a strategic
review of WMX and its subsidiaries. Part of this implementation involved
realigning the Wheelabrator organization and management into two principal
industry segments: Clean Energy and Clean Water. Previously, the Company had
been managed and reported as one segment.

  Information concerning the Company's business segments in 1993, 1994, and 1995
follows. Intersegment revenues are at prices that approximate market and are not
material. Prior year information has been restated to conform with the current
presentation.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                               Corporate &
                                                           Clean Energy(1)    Clean Water    Eliminations(2)    Consolidated
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                        <C>                <C>            <C>                <C>
1993
Revenue                                                      $  761,558        $392,194         $(11,533)        $1,142,219
Operating expenses including goodwill amortization              508,963         294,525          (10,769)           792,719
Selling and administrative expenses                              43,861          63,937             (522)           107,276
                                                             ----------        --------         --------         ----------
Operating income                                             $  208,734        $ 33,732         $   (242)        $  242,224
                                                             ==========        ========         ========         ==========
Identifiable assets                                          $2,018,156        $485,349         $578,204         $3,081,709
                                                             ==========        ========         ========         ==========
Depreciation and amortization expense                        $   56,026        $ 21,446         $ (2,149)        $   75,323
                                                             ==========        ========         ========         ==========
Capital expenditures(3)                                      $  194,645        $112,965         $ (3,705)        $  303,905
                                                             ==========        ========         ========         ==========
1994
Revenue                                                      $  844,703        $489,295         $ (9,431)        $1,324,567
Operating expenses including goodwill amortization              556,838         369,592          (11,193)           915,237
Selling and administrative expenses                              40,859          78,615              (94)           119,380
                                                             ----------        --------         --------         ----------
Operating income                                             $  247,006        $ 41,088         $  1,856         $  289,950
                                                             ==========        ========         ========         ==========
Identifiable assets                                          $2,055,449        $587,480         $633,682         $3,276,611
                                                             ==========        ========         ========         ==========
Depreciation and amortization expense                        $   56,678        $ 40,813         $ (2,237)        $   95,254
                                                             ==========        ========         ========         ==========
Capital expenditures(3)                                      $   74,857        $ 35,725         $  4,500         $  115,082
                                                             ==========        ========         ========         ==========
1995
Revenue                                                      $  839,484        $618,472         $ (6,281)        $1,451,675
Operating expenses including goodwill amortization              546,018         477,842           (8,591)         1,015,269
Selling and administrative expenses                              41,074          89,922              (20)           130,976
                                                             ----------        --------         --------         ----------
Operating income                                             $  252,392        $ 50,708         $  2,330         $  305,430
                                                             ==========        ========         ========         ==========
Identifiable assets                                          $1,952,457        $612,824         $654,912         $3,220,193
                                                             ==========        ========         ========         ==========
Depreciation and amortization expense                        $   64,922        $ 44,744         $ (1,852)        $  107,814
                                                             ==========        ========         ========         ==========
Capital expenditures(3)                                      $   11,676        $ 33,415         $     10         $   45,101
                                                             ==========        ========         ========         ==========
</TABLE> 

(1)  Includes Air businesses.
(2)  Includes unallocated corporate assets, investments in affiliates, and
     elimination of intercompany transactions.
(3)  Includes property, plant, and equipment of purchased businesses.

Wheelabrator has foreign operations in six European countries, five countries in
the Asia-Pacific region, Canada, and Mexico. Information relating to the
Company's foreign operations is set forth below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                         United States      Europe      Asia-Pacific  Other Foreign   Consolidated
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                      <C>                <C>         <C>           <C>             <C>
1993
Revenue                   $1,074,699       $ 37,612       $15,094        $14,814       $1,142,219
                          ==========       ========       =======        =======       ==========
Operating income          $  228,632       $  2,855       $ 2,807        $ 7,930       $  242,224
                          ==========       ========       =======        =======       ==========
Identifiable assets       $3,047,736       $ 20,523       $ 6,397        $ 7,053       $3,081,709
                          ==========       ========       =======        =======       ==========
1994
Revenue                   $1,212,771       $ 70,399       $23,781        $17,616       $1,324,567
                          ==========       ========       =======        =======       ==========
Operating income          $  280,218       $  6,017       $ 3,365        $   350       $  289,950
                          ==========       ========       =======        =======       ==========
Identifiable assets       $3,139,778       $102,441       $27,505        $ 6,887       $3,276,611
                          ==========       ========       =======        =======       ==========
1995
Revenue                   $1,240,311       $150,464       $40,340        $20,560       $1,451,675
                          ==========       ========       =======        =======       ==========
Operating income          $  290,224       $  9,915       $ 4,139        $ 1,152       $  305,430
                          ==========       ========       =======        =======       ==========
Identifiable assets       $3,062,077       $ 97,664       $51,818        $ 8,634       $3,220,193
                          ==========       ========       =======        =======       ==========
</TABLE>

26
<PAGE>
 
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NOTE 11  SELECTED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED)(1)

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
                                        First    Second     Third     Fourth    Full Year
<S>                                     <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1994
Revenue                                 $281,332  $321,661  $334,707  $386,867   $1,324,567
Operating expenses                       195,584   218,508   228,624   272,521      915,237
Income from continuing operations         39,635    48,028    45,886    46,613      180,162
Net income                                40,140    48,610    49,389    46,756      184,895
Weighted average common and                       
 common equivalent shares outstanding    190,200   190,500   190,400   188,600      189,900
Earnings per common and                           
 common equivalent share:                          
   Income from continuing operations    $   0.21  $   0.25  $   0.24  $   0.25   $     0.95
   Net Income                               0.21      0.26      0.26      0.25         0.97
Market price:                                     
 High                                     21 1/4    20 5/8    18 3/4    15 1/2       21 1/4
 Low                                      17 1/4    17 3/4    15 1/4    13 1/4       13 1/4
                                                  
1995                                              
Revenue                                 $373,299  $369,994  $355,951  $352,431   $1,451,675
Operating expenses                       267,893   260,590   247,403   239,383    1,015,269
Income from continuing operations(2)      43,700    49,694    49,900    18,855      162,149
Net income (loss)                         43,676    52,968    51,376   (10,162)     137,858
Weighted average common and                       
 common equivalent shares outstanding    186,400   185,300   185,500   182,500      185,000
Earnings per common and                           
 common equivalent share:                          
   Income from continuing operations    $   0.23  $   0.27  $   0.27  $   0.10   $     0.88
   Net income (loss)                        0.23      0.29      0.28     (0.06)        0.75
Market price:                                     
 High                                     17 1/2    15 3/4    17        16 3/4       17 1/2
 Low                                      12 1/2    13 5/8    14 1/4    14           12 1/2
</TABLE>

(1)  Previously reported numbers have been restated for the discontinued
     operations.
(2)  Fourth quarter of 1995 reduced by $25.6 million related to a special charge
     recorded by WM International.

Report of Independent Public Accountants
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF WHEELABRATOR TECHNOLOGIES INC.:

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Wheelabrator
Technologies Inc. (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries as of December 31,
1994 and 1995, and the related consolidated statements of income, cash flows,
and changes in stockholders' equity for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31, 1995. These financial statements are the responsibility of
the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
financial statements based on our audits.

  We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

  In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of Wheelabrator Technologies Inc.
and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1994 and 1995, and the results of its
operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 1995, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.

/s/  ARTHUR ANDERSON LLP
ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP
New York, New York
February 2, 1996

                                                                              27
<PAGE>
 
Wheelabrator Technologies Inc. Directors and Officers
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Phillip B. Rooney                         James E. Koenig
Chairman of the Board and                 Sr. Vice President,
Chief Executive Officer                   Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Wheelabrator Technologies Inc.            WMX Technologies, Inc.

Dean L. Buntrock                          Paul M. Montrone
Chairman of the Board and                 President and Chief Executive Officer
Chief Executive Officer                   Fisher Scientific International Inc.
WMX Technologies, Inc.

William M. Daley                          Manuel Sanchez
Partner                                   Partner
Mayer Brown & Platt                       Sanchez & Daniels

Donald F. Flynn                           Lt. Gen. Thomas P. Stafford
Chairman of the Board and President       Consultant
Flynn Enterprises, Inc.                   General Technical Services, Inc.

Kay Hahn Harrell
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
Fairmarsh Consulting

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
OFFICERS

Phillip B. Rooney             Herbert A. Getz        Mark P. Paul
Chairman of the Board and     Secretary              Vice President and 
Chief Executive Officer                              General Counsel
                              John J. Goody                            
John M. Kehoe, Jr.            Vice President         John D. Sanford   
President and                                        Executive Vice President,  
Chief Operating Officer       Richard S. Haak, Jr.   Chief Financial Officer 
                              Controller             and Treasurer

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
STAFF OFFICERS                          SUBSIDIARY OFFICERS

Robert J. Gagalis                       Bruno R. Dunn
Staff Vice President                    Vice President Operations
Corporate Development                   Wheelabrator Environmental
                                        Systems Inc.
Mark P. Hepp
Staff Vice President                    Ray L. Patel
Engineering & Construction              President and
                                        Chief Operating Officer
                                        Wheelabrator Water
                                        Technologies Inc.


Wheelabrator Technologies Inc. Corporate Information
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
STOCKHOLDER INFORMATION

Headquarters
Wheelabrator Technologies Inc.
Liberty Lane
Hampton, NH 03842
(603) 929-3000

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
STOCK TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR

Mellon Securities Transfer Services
85 Challenger Road
Overpeck Centre
Ridgefield Park, NJ 07660

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
STOCK LISTING

Wheelabrator Technologies Inc. common stock is listed on the
New York Stock Exchange under the stock trading symbol WTI.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SHAREHOLDER SERVICES

If you have questions concerning Wheelabrator Technologies Inc., or your
investment in the Company, we will be pleased to assist you.

You may contact Wheelabrator Shareholder Services by calling (800) 443-6474, or
by writing Wheelabrator Shareholder Services, P.O. Box 1800, Pittsburgh, PA
14230.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CORPORATE REPORTS

A copy of the Company's report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission may be obtained without charge.
                  
28
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>SUBSIDIARIES OF REGITRANT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
  
                                                                      Exhibit 21

                           SUBSIDIARIES OF REGISTRANT

Set forth below is a list of subsidiaries of Wheelabrator Technologies Inc. as
of December 31,  1995.  Each subsidiary is organized under the laws of the
jurisdiction indicated in parentheses following its name.

Resco Holdings Inc. (Delaware)
Johnson Filtration Systems (France) S.A. (France)
Wheelabrator Sisson Lehman S.A. (France)
Johnson Filtration Systems Limited (Ireland)
Johnson Filtration Systems (Australia) Pty. Ltd. (Australia)
Massachusetts Refusetech, Inc. (Delaware)
Pullman Torkelson Utility Fuels Company (Delaware)
Signal Overseas Capital Corporation N.V. (Neth. Ant.)
Swindell-Dressler Energy Supply Company (Delaware)
Swindell-Dressler Leasing Company (Delaware)
WESI Peekskill Inc. (Delaware)
WESI Westchester Inc. (Delaware)
Wheelabrator-Berger (Maschinenfabriken)GmbH (Germany)
Wheelabrator Clean Air Holdings Inc. (Delaware)
Wheelabrator Clean Air Systems Inc. (Delaware)
Westates Carbon-Arizona Inc. (Arizona)
Pullman Chimney of Canada Ltd. (Canada (Federal)
Pullman Power Products Corporation (Delaware)
Pullman Power Products International Corporation (Delaware)
Pullman Power Products of Ohio, Inc. (Ohio)
Wheelabrator Clean Water  Inc. (Delaware)
Johnson Filtration Systems (Japan) Ltd. (Japan)
Johnson Filtration Systems (India) Limited (India)
HPD/Procesos y Sistemas de Separacion, S.A. (Spain)
Wheelabrator Asia-Pacific (Pte) Ltd. (Singapore)
Wheelabrator Clean Water Systems Inc. (Maryland)
EnviroLand, Incorporated (Michigan)
IPS Rochester Inc. (Delaware)
Soaring Vista Properties, Inc. (Maryland)
Wheelabrator Clean Water New Jersey Inc. (Delaware)
Wheelabrator Cobb Inc. (Delaware)
Enviro-Gro Technologies, Inc. (New York)
Enviro-Gro Technologies II, Inc. (New York)
Wheelabrator Mexicana, S.A. de C.V. (Mexico)
Wheelabrator Servicios Ambientales, S.A. de C.V. (Mexico)
Wheelabrator Clean Water Systems Canada Inc. (Ontario)
Wheelabrator EOS Inc. (Delaware)
Envirotech Operating Services (Petaluma), Inc. (Delaware)
Wheelabrator EOS of Ohio Inc. (Delaware)
Wheelabrator EOS Puerto Rico Inc. (Delaware)
Wheelabrator EOS of Wilmington Inc. (Delaware)
Wheelabrator EOS Canada Inc. (Ontario
Wheelabrator Cleanfuel Corporation (Delaware)
Wheelabrator Coal Refinery Inc. (Delaware)
ICRC Company (Delaware)
International Coal Refinery Company (Delaware)
The Wheelabrator Corporation (Delaware)
Wheelabrator Canada Inc. (Ontario)
MPF Engineered Filtered Products Inc. (Ontario)
Wheelabrator Technologies (UK) Limited (United Kingdom)
<PAGE>
  
Tilghman Wheelabrator Limited (United Kingdom)
JFS (UK) Limited (United Kingdom)
Tilghman Wheelabrator Special Products Ltd. (United Kingdom)
Blastrac Europe Ltd. (United Kingdom)
Neptune Nichols Limited (United Kingdom)
Northedge Limited (United Kingdom)
R.B.S. Pension Trustees Limited (United Kingdom)
St. George's Engineering Ltd. (United Kingdom)
Tilghman (1988) Limited (United Kingdom)
Tilghman (Broadheath) Limited (United Kingdom)
Tilghman (Engineers) Limited (United Kingdom)
Wheelabrator Energy Leasing Company (Delaware)
Wheelabrator Energy Systems Inc. (Delaware)
Wheelabrator Water  Technologies  International Holdings Inc. (Delaware)
Darchet Engineering and Water Treatment Pte. Ltd. (Singapore)
Darchet Industrial Water Pte. Ltd. (Singapore)
Darchet (M) Sdn Bhd (Malaysia)
Darchet Industrial Water (M) Sdn Bhd (Malaysia)
Darchet Industrial Water (Penang) Sdn Bhd (Malaysia)
RWB Beheer B.V. (The Netherlands)
Rossmark - van Wijk & Boerma Waterbehandeling B.V. (The Netherlands)
Rossmark-De Roo Milieutechniek B.V. (The Netherlands)
P.V. Pacific Private Ltd. (Singapore)
P.V. Pacific (Malaysia) Sdn.Bhd. (Malaysia)
RWB Belgium N.V./S.A. (Belgium)
Miller-Rossmark Ltd. (United Kingdom)
Wheelabrator Engineered Systems (Poland) Spoka z organiczona odpowiedzialnoscia
 (Poland)
Sun Chi Co. Ltd. (Taiwan)
Wheelabrator Environmental Systems Inc. (Delaware)
Bensalem Power Company (Pennsylvania)
NH/VT Energy Recovery Corporation (New Hampshire)
North Broward Holdings Inc. (Delaware)
Wheelabrator North Broward Inc. (Delaware)
North Broward County Resource Recovery Project, Inc. (Florida)
Riley Energy Systems of Lisbon Corporation (Delaware)
Riley Energy Systems of Lisbon Connecticut Corp. (Connecticut)
SES Brooklyn Inc. (Delaware)
SES Brooklyn Navy Yard Inc. (Delaware)
SES Connecticut Inc. (Delaware)
SES Seattle Inc. (Delaware)
Signal Capital Sherman Station Inc. (Delaware)
Signal RESCO, Inc. (Delaware)
South Broward Holdings Inc. (Delaware)
Wheelabrator South Broward Inc. (Delaware)
South Broward County Resource Recovery Project, Inc. (Florida)
WESI Baltimore Inc. (Delaware)
WESI Capital Inc. (Delaware)
Wheelabrator Albion Inc. (Delaware)
Wheelabrator Albion Power Inc. (Delaware)
Wheelabrator Cedar Creek Inc. (Delaware)
Wheelabrator Concord Inc. (Delaware)
Wheelabrator Connecticut Inc. (Delaware)
Wheelabrator Culm Services Inc. (Delaware)
Wheelabrator Epping Inc. (Delaware)
Wheelabrator Falls Inc. (Delaware)
Wheelabrator Frackville Energy Company Inc. (Delaware)
Wheelabrator Frackville Properties Inc. (Delaware)
<PAGE>
  
Wheelabrator Fuel Services Inc. (Delaware)
Wheelabrator Gloucester Inc. (Delaware)
Wheelabrator Hudson Energy Company Inc. (Delaware)
Wheelabrator McKay Bay Inc. (Florida
Wheelabrator Mecklenburg Inc. (Delaware)
Wheelabrator Millbury Inc. (Delaware)
Wheelabrator NHC Inc. (Delaware)
Wheelabrator Norwalk Energy Company Inc. (Delaware)
Wheelabrator New Hampshire Inc. (Delaware)
Wheelabrator New Jersey Inc. (Delaware)
Wheelabrator North Shore Inc. (Delaware)
Wheelabrator Penacook Inc. (Delaware)
Wheelabrator Pinellas Inc. (Delaware)
Wheelabrator Plant Services Inc. (Delaware)
Wheelabrator Polk Inc. (Delaware)
Wheelabrator Power Marketing Inc. (Delaware)
Wheelabrator Putnam Inc. (Delaware)
Wheelabrator Ridge Energy Inc. (Delaware)
Wheelabrator San Diego Inc. (Delaware)
Wheelabrator Saugus Inc. (Delaware)
Wheelabrator Shasta Energy Company Inc. (Delaware)
Wheelabrator Sherman Station One Inc. (Delaware)
Wheelabrator Sherman Station Two Inc. (Delaware)
Wheelabrator Shrewsbury Inc. (Delaware)
Wheelabrator Spokane Inc. (Delaware)
Wheelabrator Tidewater Inc. (Delaware)
Wheelabrator Fuels Service Corporation (Delaware)
Wheelabrator Coal Services Company (Delaware)
Wheelabrator Land Resources Inc. (Delaware)
Wheelabrator Sinto do Brasil Equipamentos Industriais Ltda. (Brazil)
Wheelabrator Utility Services Inc. (Delaware)
WTI International Energy Inc. (Delaware)
WTI China One Inc. (Delaware)
WTI China Two Inc. (Delaware)
WTI China Three Inc. (Delaware)
WTI China Four Inc. (Delaware)
WTI China Holdings I Inc. (Cayman Islands)
WTI China Holdings II Inc. (Cayman Islands)
WTI Taicang LLC (Cayman Islands)
WTI Xuzhou LLC (Cayman Islands)
WTI Yingkou LLC (Cayman Islands)
WTI Rust Holdings Inc. (Delaware)
Signal Own-And-Operate Inc. (Delaware)
WTI International Holdings Inc. (Delaware)
Wheelabrator Technologies/Rust International
Charitable Foundation Inc. (Delaware)
SES Bridgeport L.L.C. Delaware
Wheelabrator Baltimore L.L.C. Delaware
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>8
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
  
                                                                      Exhibit 23


                   CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS


  As independent public accountants, we hereby consent to the incorporation of
our reports to the Stockholders of Wheelabrator Technologies Inc., incorporated
by reference in this Form 10-K, and into the registrant's previously filed
Registration Statements on Form S-8 (registration nos. 33-31523, 33-13720, 33-
47989, 33-48837, 33-62281 and 33-64431), the registrant's previously filed
Registration Statement on Form S-4 (registration no. 33-36118) and the
registrant's previously filed Registration Statement on Form S-3 (registration
no. 33-59606).



                                         /s/ Arthur Andersen LLP

                                         ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP



New York, New York
March 27, 1996
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>9
<DESCRIPTION>FINANCIAL DATA SCHEDULE
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<PAGE>
 
<ARTICLE> 5
<LEGEND> THIS SCHEDULE CONTAINS SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION EXTRACTED FROM 
THE DECEMBER 31, 1995, CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET AND THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT
OF INCOME FOR THE TWELVE-MONTH PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1995, AND IS QUALIFIED 
IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO SUCH FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 
</LEGEND>
<MULTIPLIER> 1,000
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   12-MOS
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          DEC-31-1995
<PERIOD-END>                               DEC-31-1995
<CASH>                                          78,732
<SECURITIES>                                         0
<RECEIVABLES>                                  227,267
<ALLOWANCES>                                    12,187
<INVENTORY>                                     62,638
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                               458,259      
<PP&E>                                       2,018,267     
<DEPRECIATION>                                 394,108   
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                               3,220,193     
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                          360,094   
<BONDS>                                        704,414 
<COMMON>                                         1,895
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                          0
<OTHER-SE>                                   1,448,370      
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                 3,220,193        
<SALES>                                              0         
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                             1,451,675         
<CGS>                                                0         
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                1,015,269         
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                     0      
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                 5,490     
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                              60,726      
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                263,437      
<INCOME-TAX>                                   101,288     
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                            162,149     
<DISCONTINUED>                                (24,291) 
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0     
<CHANGES>                                            0 
<NET-INCOME>                                   137,858
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                     0.75
<EPS-DILUTED>                                        0
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
