<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K405
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>UNITED PARCEL SERVICE FORM 10-K405
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1




                                  FORM 10-K
                      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                           Washington, D. C.  20549

[X] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
    ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 1994          Commission File No. 0-4714
                          -----------------                              ------

                    United Parcel Service of America, Inc.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
            (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

           Delaware                                           95-1732075
---------------------------------                     -------------------------
(State or other jurisdiction                          (I.R.S. Employer ID. No.) 
of incorporation or organization)  


55 Glenlake Parkway, NE, Atlanta, Georgia                        30328
-----------------------------------------             -------------------------
(Address of principal executive office)                        (ZIP Code)

                             Area (404) 828-6000
                             -------------------
                              (Telephone number)

          Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class                   Name of each Exchange on which registered
                                                                               
      None                                              None
-------------------                              --------------------
         Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
                                      
                    Common Stock, par value $.10 per share
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                               (Title of Class)

 Common Stock, par value $.10 per share, subject to UPS Managers Stock Trust
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                               (Title of Class)

         Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes   X        No    .
                                                ---          ---

         Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to
Item 405 of Regulation S-K (Section 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in
definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part
III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.  [X]

         The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates
of the registrant, based on a price per share of $23.75, the price per share,
as of February 28, 1995, at which UPS expressed its willingness to purchase its
shares from shareowners wishing to sell their shares, was $11,585,644,559.

         The number of shares of UPS Common Stock outstanding as of February
28, 1995, was 580,000,000.

                     DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

         Portions of the registrant's definitive proxy statement for its annual
meeting of shareowners scheduled for May 11, 1995 are incorporated by reference
in answer to Part III of this Report.
<PAGE>   2



                                    PART I

Item 1.  Business.

         United Parcel Service of America, Inc., through subsidiaries, provides
specialized transportation services, primarily through the delivery of
packages.  Service is offered throughout the United States and over 200 other
countries and territories around the world.  In terms of revenue, UPS is the
largest package delivery company in the world.  During 1994 UPS delivered
approximately 3 billion packages.  UPS currently has approximately 1.4 million
customer locations to which it provides daily pickup services.

         With minor exceptions, UPS Common Stock is owned by or held for the
benefit of managers and supervisors actively employed by UPS, or their
families; or by former employees, their estates or heirs; or by charitable
foundations established by UPS founders and their family members; or by other
charitable organizations which have acquired their stock by donations from
shareowners.  UPS stock is not listed on a national securities exchange or
traded in the organized over-the-counter markets.  When used herein the term
"UPS" refers to United Parcel Service of America, Inc., a Delaware corporation,
and its subsidiaries.


Delivery Service in the United States

         Ground Services

         UPS is engaged primarily in the delivery of packages with dimensional
limitations of 108 inches in length and 130 inches in length and girth
combined.  Effective February 1994, UPS increased the weight limit for
individual packages from 70 to 150 pounds for interstate and certain intrastate
deliveries.  As of January 1, 1995, as a result of deregulation, the 150 pound
weight limit was made available in all of the 48 contiguous states.  UPS
provides interstate and intrastate ground service to every address in the 48
contiguous states and between those states and Hawaii and Alaska.  In Hawaii,
an intra-island service is provided between addresses on Oahu and an
inter-island air service is offered between all islands of the state.  In
Alaska, an intrastate package delivery service is available throughout the
state.

         Effective January 1, 1995, UPS began providing Hundredweight
Service(SM) for ground shipments to all 48 contiguous states.  Under this
service, contract rates are established for multi-package shipments weighing in
the aggregate 200 pounds or more and addressed to one consignee at one location
on one day.  Customers can realize savings on such shipments compared to
regular ground service rates.  In 1994, UPS Hundredweight volume grew over 36%
from 1993.  This growth was primarily due to the increase in new customers as a
result of the Teamsters strike of less-than-truckload (LTL) carriers last
spring.  UPS has managed to retain much of the volume after the strike ended.
UPS Hundredweight also offers Weight Break Pricing, which provides rate
incentives for shipments of over 500 pounds.





                                     -1-
<PAGE>   3



         UPS also provides UPS GroundSaver(SM), a contract service, offering
special rates and services for business-to-business shipments to specified ZIP
Codes.  GroundSaver revenue for 1994 increased over 15% from 1993.

         UPS's domestic ground revenue increased in 1994 by 5.3% over 1993 as a
result of higher volume, which was up 0.5%, favorable changes in rates and
higher average weights per package.  For a description of the rate increase,
see "Item 1 -- Rates."


         Domestic Air Services

         UPS provides domestic air delivery services known as "UPS Next Day
Air(R)" and "UPS 2nd Day Air(R)," which are available throughout the United
States and Puerto Rico.  UPS also provides UPS Prepaid Letter, which permits
customers to purchase UPS Next Day Air and 2nd Day Air Letters in advance at
lower prices.  For both UPS Next Day Air and UPS 2nd Day Air, packages and
documents are either picked up from shippers by UPS or are dropped off by
shippers at Air Service Centers or Letter Centers located throughout UPS's
service network.

         UPS offers guaranteed delivery by 10:30 a.m. for UPS Next Day Air
Packages and Letters sent to areas covering over 76% of the U.S. population
and noon delivery to areas covering an additional 15% of the U.S. population.
In 1994, UPS introduced Early A.M.(SM) service in all of the 48 contiguous
states, which provides guaranteed next-day delivery of packages and documents
by 8:30 a.m.  In 1993, UPS began offering Next Day Air Saver(SM), which is Next
Day Air delivery in the afternoon -- by either 3 p.m. or 4:30 p.m., depending
on location, at a slightly lower rate than 10:30 a.m. delivery.  UPS also
guarantees on-schedule delivery of UPS 2nd Day Air packages.

         In early 1995, UPS acquired SonicAir, a provider of same-day delivery
and third-party logistics services.  Through this wholly-owned subsidiary,
customers will be offered same-day delivery anywhere in the continental United
States, as well as next-flight-out services internationally.

         UPS offers Saturday Delivery for UPS Next Day Air shipments to an area
covering approximately 76% of all UPS customers. UPS also offers Saturday
Pickup service of air shipments in all areas served by UPS Saturday delivery.
Further, in 1993, UPS began accepting hazardous materials in its air services,
for an additional charge.

         UPS offers UPS Next Day Air and UPS 2nd Day Air Hundredweight Service
for package shipments totaling at least 100 pounds addressed to one consignee
at one location on the same day.  UPS Air Cargo Service provides two services
designed to fill what would otherwise be unfilled capacity on regular UPS
flights:  the transportation of containerized and palletized cargo in available
space on UPS flights and aircraft charters when UPS planes are not being
utilized by UPS.

         The volume of UPS's higher margin air services, such as UPS Next Day
Air service, continued to grow during 1994.  In 1994, UPS's air services'
volume increased by 22% and revenues increased by 20%.





                                     -2-
<PAGE>   4


         To enable UPS to accommodate future demand for air delivery services,
UPS, in 1994, completed an expansion of its Dallas, Texas regional air sorting
facility and opened a new regional air sorting facility in Rockford, Illinois.
UPS also has plans to open an additional new regional air sorting facility in
Columbia, South Carolina in 1995.  Other regional air sorting facilities are
located in Ontario, California and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.  In 1993, UPS
ordered thirty new Boeing 767 freighter aircraft and ten more 757 freighter
aircraft, in addition to the twenty-one 757 freighter aircraft previously
ordered, to meet anticipated future growth in air delivery volume.  In 1994,
UPS took delivery of twelve more 757 freighter aircraft.  For a further
description of UPS's properties, see "Item 2 -- Properties."

         Delivery services in the United States accounted for 88.4%, 89.0% and
89.1% of UPS's consolidated revenue in 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively.  For
further financial information relating to foreign and domestic operations, see
Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.


International Delivery Service

         UPS offers international air service between over 200 countries and
territories throughout the world.  During 1994, UPS focused its worldwide,
transborder and domestic services on two major markets -- Europe and North
America.  UPS is the only package delivery company in Europe with fully
integrated European ground and air delivery linked to a global operation.  As
discussed more fully in "Item 7 -- Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations," the number of International Air
packages handled increased substantially in 1994.

         Domestic air service is offered throughout Canada, Germany, Italy, and
Spain.  Ground service is provided throughout Austria, Belgium, Canada,
Denmark, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Malaysia, Mexico, the Netherlands,
Norway, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom.  UPS's transborder
air and ground services within Europe are enhanced by UPS EuroExpress
("EuroExpress") and UPS EuroExpedited ("EuroExpedited") services.

         EuroExpress is a pan-European air service that offers next-day
delivery before noon for shipments between major metropolitan areas, covering
more than 80% of the population.  EuroExpedited uses roadways to deliver
packages and freight between 15 countries, with shipments tracked
electronically.  With the easing of border restrictions throughout Europe
during early 1993, EuroExpedited shipments take more direct routes between
countries, thereby reducing transit times.

         In 1994, UPS continued its services between Canada, Mexico and the
United States.  UPS offers three levels of service between these countries:
Express, for delivery in one business day; Expedited, for delivery usually
within three days; and Standard, for transborder ground delivery.  Expedited
service is new for these countries, as is ground service between Mexico and the
United States.



                                     -3-
<PAGE>   5


         UPS Worldwide Express ("Worldwide Express") provides delivery of
urgent packages, documents and letters to over 200 countries and territories.
Worldwide Express shipments are generally delivered within two business days.
During 1993, the document delivery schedules for most Worldwide Express
customers were improved with the commencement of overnight service from 21
major U.S. cities to major business centers in Asia, Europe, Mexico and South
America, and in 1994, UPS added an on-time guarantee to Worldwide Express
shipments.  The competitive rates offered for Worldwide Express include customs
clearance, which is facilitated by electronic transfer of customs information.
Additionally, Worldwide Express provides for shipment tracking throughout the
world using an advanced data network developed by UPS.

         UPS offers Worldwide Expedited Package Service ("Worldwide Expedited")
to Canada and Mexico as well as between Europe and the Asia-Pacific.  Worldwide
Expedited is a multi-package alternative to air freight services, generally
using UPS ground and 2nd Day Air operating facilities.  Transit times are
slightly longer than by express delivery, but rates are substantially lower.
Worldwide Expedited also offers services, such as shipment tracking, which are
not typically available for air freight.

         The growth in international volume prompted UPS to replace DC-8
freighter aircraft with larger 747 freighter aircraft for United States to
Europe flights.  Within Europe, UPS introduced its own 727s to replace smaller
aircraft.

         During 1994, UPS suffered pre-tax losses in its international
operations of approximately $327 million.  The international pre-tax loss was
primarily a result of losses from domestic operations outside of the United
States caused by strong competition in European countries.  However, revenues
from all international services increased for 1994 by 16.2% over 1993.  UPS
expects to incur future losses in connection with its international operations.

         UPS's international delivery service accounted for approximately
11.6%, 11.0% and 10.9% of the consolidated revenues of UPS in 1994, 1993 and
1992, respectively.  For financial information relating to foreign and domestic
operations, see Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.


Other Services

         UPS offers customized services for certain types of customers or even
a single customer, such as Consignee Billing and Delivery Confirmation.
Consignee Billing was designed for customers who receive large amounts of
merchandise from a number of vendors.  UPS bills these consignee customers
directly for the shipping charges, enabling the customer to obtain tighter
control over inbound transportation costs.  UPS's Consignee Billing service
volume increased 34% in 1994.  Electronic tracking of all Consignee Billing
Packages is offered, as well as on demand pick up service for return shipments.
Delivery Confirmation provides automatic confirmation and weekly reports of




                                     -4-
<PAGE>   6


deliveries.  Immediate confirmation is provided upon request.  This service is
available throughout the United States and Puerto Rico.

         UPS GroundTrac(SM) service electronically tracks ground packages so
that UPS's customers can receive immediate information about the status of
their packages while in transit.  UPS TotalTrack(SM) is an enhanced tracking
system.  With the introduction of in-vehicle data transmission capabilities,
this service enables U.S. customers to receive verification of deliveries
within minutes after they are completed.  Shippers can access tracking
information 24 hours a day, seven days a week, by telephone or through the UPS
MaxiTrac software system, which enables customers to track and trace their own
packages via telecommunications links with UPS's electronic data systems.  As
of December 31, 1994, UPS had distributed MaxiTrac software to approximately
85,000 customers.  UPS's MaxiShip System is a hardware-software system that
assists customers in managing their shipping operations by automating a
customer's shipping room with features such as automatic zoning, rating and
printing of address labels, pickup records and shipping reports.  As of
December 31, 1994, approximately 25,500 customers were using MaxiShip software.


Rates

         On February 7, 1994, UPS raised its domestic ground rates for
commercial and residential deliveries by 3.8% and 4.3%, respectively.  On
February 4, 1995, these rates were increased by 3.7% and 4.5%, respectively.
In 1994, published rates for Next Day Air and 2nd Day Air packages each
increased by 3.9%, respectively.  The published rates for Next Day Air and 2nd
Day Air letters increased by 2.4% and 4.5%, respectively, in 1994.  In 1995,
the published rates for Next Day Air, 2nd Day Air and 3 Day Select packages
were each increased 3.9%.  The published rates for Next Day Air and 2nd Day Air
letters increased by 4.7% and 4.3%, respectively, in 1995.


Competition

         In terms of revenue, UPS is the largest package delivery company in
the world.  UPS competes with many companies and services which operate on a
national, regional or local basis in the United States and internationally, and
its business is affected by the availability and the use of numerous alternate
methods of service.  These include the parcel post service and other classes of
mail (including air service) of the United States Postal Service (the "Postal
Service") and the postal services of other nations, various other motor
carriers, independent trucking companies and express companies, freight
forwarders, air couriers, and shipper-owned or leased delivery vehicles.
Competition is intense within the United States and throughout the world.
Competition for high volume, profitable shipping business focuses largely on
providing economical pricing and desirable and dependable service features and
delivery schedules.

         UPS also endeavors to attract customers by providing services meeting
their distinct needs, such as guaranteed timely delivery of packages shipped
via UPS Next Day Air and UPS 2nd Day Air and enhanced tracking capabilities.



                                     -5-
<PAGE>   7


UPS is directing a larger proportion of its resources to delivering these
higher revenue packages, providing customized services and obtaining the most
current technology to improve package tracking and delivery confirmation
services.

         UPS also engages in widespread advertising of its services,
particularly its international and UPS Next Day Air services.


Regulation

         Under the Federal Aviation Act of 1958, as amended, both the
Department of Transportation ("DOT") and the Federal Aviation Administration
("FAA") regulate air transportation services.

         The DOT's authority relates primarily to economic aspects of air
transportation, such as discriminatory pricing, non-competitive practices,
interlocking relations or cooperative agreements.  The DOT also regulates,
subject to the authority of the President, international routes, fares, rates
and practices and is authorized to investigate and take action against
discriminatory treatment of U.S. air carriers abroad.

         FAA authority relates primarily to safety aspects of air
transportation, including aircraft standards and maintenance, personnel and
ground facilities.  UPS was granted an operating certificate by the FAA in 1988
which remains in effect so long as UPS meets the operational requirements of
the Federal Aviation Regulations.

         The FAA has issued rules mandating repairs on all Boeing Company and
McDonnell Douglas Corporation aircraft which have completed a specified number
of flights and has also issued rules requiring a corrosion control program for
Boeing Company aircraft.  Total expenditures under these programs for 1994 were
$12 million.  Each of these programs requires that UPS make periodic
inspections of its aircraft.  These inspections may result in a determination
that additional repairs are required under these programs.  Hence, the future
cost of such repairs pursuant to the programs may fluctuate.

         Until January 1, 1995, ground transportation of packages by UPS in the
United States was subject to regulation by the Interstate Commerce Commission
("ICC") and by various state regulatory agencies when such transportation was
pursuant to common carrier certificates and contract carrier permits issued by
the ICC and state agencies.  After January 1, 1995, all state regulation of
rates, routes and services was declared preempted by federal legislation, for
both integrated intermodal carriers and motor carriers.  UPS remains subject to
the jurisdiction of the ICC, while the states maintain regulation over such
areas as safety, insurance and hazardous materials.  UPS is subject to similar
regulation in many foreign jurisdictions.



                                     -6-
<PAGE>   8


Postal Rate Proceedings

         The Postal Reorganization Act of 1970 ("Act") created the Postal
Service as an independent establishment of the executive branch of the federal
government and vested the power to recommend domestic postal rates in a
regulatory body, the Postal Rate Commission ("Commission").  UPS believes that
the Postal Service consistently attempts to set rates for its parcel,
international and other competitive services generally below its costs of
providing such services and to use excess revenues from its monopoly classes,
particularly First Class letter mail, to subsidize those competitive services.
Therefore, UPS participates in postal rate proceedings before the Commission in
an attempt to secure what UPS believes to be at least minimum fairness in the
Postal Service's competition for parcel delivery and expedited letter, document
and parcel delivery business.

         In 1994, the Postal Service proposed a general rate increase for
domestic mail.  In particular, the Postal Service proposed increases for First
Class letters and Express Mail of 10.3% and for Parcel Post of 13.2%.  UPS
intervened in the proceeding, contending that the increase for First Class
letters was excessive and would cross-subsidize competitive services.  On
November 30, 1994, the Commission issued its recommended decision, reducing the
increase for First Class letters to 8.9%, and recommending increases for
Express Mail of 8.0% and Parcel Post of 18.3%.  The Governors of the Postal
Service in general accepted the Commission's recommended rates, and the rates
became effective on January 1, 1995.  However, the Postal Service sought
clarification from the Commission on three issues.  Reconsideration of these
issues is pending before the Commission and might result in changes in the rate
structures for two categories of mail -- Priority Mail and Bound Printed
Matter.  One mailer group, not including UPS, has petitioned the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia for review of the decision of the
Governors to accept the Commission's recommended rates.   This appeal is
pending.

         In July, 1993, the Postal Service adopted, on a permanent basis,
regulations implementing a new "International Customized Mail" service, in
which the Postal Service would negotiate unique, customized contracts with
large international mailers.  Since the Commission does not have jurisdiction
over the Postal Service's international rates and services, UPS Worldwide
Forwarding, Inc.  filed suit in the United States District Court for the
District of Delaware.  The suit sought to enjoin the new service on the ground
that the Postal Reorganization Act of 1970, as amended, prohibits the Postal
Service from negotiating rate and service contracts that differ from mailer to
mailer.  The complaint also alleged that the statute requires the Postal
Service to obtain the consent of the President to all of its international
rates, and that the Postal Service had violated that requirement.  The district
court found in favor of UPS and enjoined the Postal Service from entering into
such contracts.  The Postal Service's appeal from the district court's Order
was argued before the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit on
March 10, 1995, and the matter is presently under consideration by that court.

         In 1992, the Postal Service proposed a new class of parcel mail,
called bulk small parcel service.  The proposed rates for this service would



                                     -7-
<PAGE>   9

have been substantially below the existing rates of Parcel Post and of UPS.
The Postal Service had estimated that the new class, if approved, would have
diverted nearly one hundred million parcels per year from UPS.  UPS intervened
before the Commission and opposed the creation of this new class of service and
the adoption of the proposed rates, which UPS believed to be below cost and
contrary to the Act.  In August 1993, the Commission rejected the new class
proposal, and instead recommended much lower discounts to be taken off of
existing Parcel Post rates.  The Governors of the Postal Service, in a decision
issued on February 1, 1994, rejected the Commission's recommendation, and thus,
there was no reduction in rates for this type of shipment.


Other Operations

         UPS's subsidiary, UPS Worldwide Logistics, Inc., offers a consultative
service to develop customized solutions for a shipper's distribution needs.
UPS Inventory Express(SM) service, which provides for the storage of inventory,
processing of orders and shipment of customers' products through a warehouse
located near UPS's national air hub in Louisville, is part of this division.
In 1993, UPS established its second Inventory Express facility near UPS's
European air hub in Cologne, Germany, which matches the overnight distribution
capabilities of its U.S. counterpart in Louisville.  Also supporting the
Worldwide Logistics initiative is UPS's first bonded, multi-user European
Distribution Center.  This warehousing service is in the Netherlands, and UPS
plans to set up several more warehousing centers across Europe in the next five
years.  These warehousing services facilitate quick entry of urgent shipments
into the UPS system.

         Martrac, a UPS subsidiary, transports produce and other commodities in
temperature-controlled trailers over railroads.  Martrac's revenues and income
before taxes decreased by 10.0% and 32.0%, respectively, primarily due to
severe weather conditions suffered in the first quarter of 1994.  Martrac's
fleet now totals 1,483 trailers, a decrease of 3.7% from 1993.

         UPS Truck Leasing, Inc., a UPS subsidiary, ("UPS Truck Leasing"),
rents and leases  trucks and tractors to commercial users under full-service
rental agreements.  Through programs established with Worldwide Logistics, UPS
Truck Leasing is capitalizing on a business trend toward increased outsourcing
of trucking needs.  As of December 31, 1994, UPS Truck Leasing had 40
facilities and a fleet of 3,917 vehicles.  UPS Truck Leasing's revenues
increased by 13% in 1994.



Environmental Regulation

         In 1989, regulations were adopted pursuant to the Resource
Conservation and Recovery Act, which required owners and operators of
underground storage tanks ("USTs") to test, upgrade and/or replace their USTs
on a rolling schedule of deadlines through 1998.  UPS substantially completed
this project in 1993, five years ahead of the mandated Environmental Protection
Agency



                                     -8-
<PAGE>   10


("EPA") schedule.  UPS replaced approximately 2,833 USTs at a cost of $105
million.

         The Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990 require a ten-year phase in of
alternative fuel vehicles by fleets in the urban areas with the worst air
quality problems.  In order to address these requirements, UPS began a project
in 1989 using compressed natural gas ("CNG") as a fuel in the package cars.  By
the end of 1994, 250 package cars were running on CNG in various cities.  In
1995, UPS has plans to add 104 CNG cars in San Ramon, California; 100 CNG cars
in Atlanta; and between 100 and 200 CNG cars in Connecticut, where a tax credit
incentive exists to assist in implementation of this program.

         The EPA's final rules under the Clean Air Act Amendments established
regulations governing the exemption of clean fuel fleet vehicles from certain
transportation control measures ("TCMs").  The exemptions except clean fuel
vehicles, such as UPS's CNG vehicles, from urban TCMs, such as truck bans and
time-of-day restrictions.  It also permits the CNG vehicles to travel in high
occupancy vehicle lanes, provided they meet certain emission criteria.


Employees

         As of December 31, 1994, UPS had approximately 320,000 employees, an
11.9% increase over 1993.  Most hourly employees are represented by unions,
principally by locals of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters ("IBT").


Executive Officers

         Listed below is certain information relating to the executive officers
and management of UPS.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                          Principal Occupation
                                                          and Employment During
 Name and Office                           Age          At Least the Last Five Years 
 ---------------                           ---          -----------------------------
 <S>                                       <C>         <C>
 John Alden                                53          Director (1988 to present),
 Senior Vice President                                 Senior Vice President and
 and Director                                          Business Development Group Manager (1986 to
                                                       present), UPS

 Robert J. Clanin                          51          Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial
 Senior Vice President,                                Officer (1994 to present), Finance Manager (1990 to
 Treasurer and Chief                                   1994), Treasury Manager (1989-1990), UPS
 Financial Officer

 Francis J. Erbrick                        56          Senior Vice President (1989
 Senior Vice President                                 to present), Strategic Systems Manager (1992 to
                                                       present), Information Services Manager (1985 to
                                                       1992), UPS
</TABLE>





                                      -9-
<PAGE>   11



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                          Principal Occupation
                                                          and Employment During
 Name and Office                           Age          At Least the Last Five Years 
 ---------------                           ---          -----------------------------
 <S>                                       <C>         <C>
 Don R. Fischer                            57          Senior Vice President (1992 to present),
 Senior Vice President                                 International Systems and UPS Truck Leasing Manager
                                                       (1992 to present), Corporate Delivery Information
                                                       and Loss Prevention Manager (before 1987 to 1992),
                                                       UPS

 John J. Kelley                            59          Director (1992 to present), Senior Vice President
 Senior Vice President and Director                    and Human Resources Manager (1991 to present), Region
                                                       Manager (1983 to 1991), UPS

 James P. Kelly                            51          Director (1991 to present), Executive Vice President
 Executive Vice President and Director                 (1994 to present), Chief Operating Officer (1992 to
                                                       present),  U.S.A. Operations Manager (1990 to 1992),
                                                       Labor Relations Manager (1988 to 1990), UPS

 Joseph R. Moderow                         46          Director (1988 to present), Senior Vice President and
 Senior Vice President,                                Secretary (1986 to present), Legal and Public 
 Secretary, General Counsel and                        Affairs Group Manager (1989 to present), 
 Director                                              Legal Manager (1986 to 1989), UPS

 Kent C. Nelson                            57          Director (1983 to present), Chairman and Chief
 Chairman of the Board                                 Executive Officer (1989 to present),
 and Director (Chief                                   Vice Chairman (1989), Executive Vice President (1986
 Executive Officer)                                    to 1989), UPS

 Charles L. Schaffer                       49          Director (1992 to present), Senior Vice President
 Senior Vice President and Director                    and Engineering Group Manager (1990 to present), Plant
                                                       Engineering Manager (1989 to 1990), Strategic
                                                       Planning Staff (1988 to 1989), District Manager
                                                       (1987 to 1988), UPS
</TABLE>





                                      -10-
<PAGE>   12



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                          Principal Occupation
                                                          and Employment During
 Name and Office                           Age          At Least the Last Five Years 
 ---------------                           ---          -----------------------------
 <S>                                       <C>         <C>
 Edward L. Schroeder                       53          Senior Vice President (1993 to present),
 Senior Vice President                                 International Operations Coordinator (1993 to
                                                       present), Region Manager (1988 to 1993), District
                                                       Manager (1986 to 1988), UPS

 Calvin E. Tyler, Jr.                      52          Director (1991 to present), Senior Vice President
 Senior Vice President and Director                    (1988 to present), U.S.A. Operations Manager (1991
                                                       to present), Human Resources Manager (1988 to 1991),
                                                       Region Manager (1985 to 1988), UPS

 Thomas H. Weidemeyer                      47          Senior Vice President (1994 to present), Airline
 Senior Vice President                                 Operation Manager (1990 to 1994), Region Manager
                                                       (1989 to 1990), District Manager (1988 to 1989), UPS

 Clinton L. Yard                           55          Senior Vice President (1992 to present), National
 Senior Vice President                                 Operations Manager (1992 to present), Region Manager
                                                       (1988 to 1992), District Manager (1982 to 1988), UPS
</TABLE>

         Each officer of UPS has been elected to serve until the next
organizational meeting of the directors of UPS following the annual meeting of
shareowners of UPS.


Item 2.  Properties.

         Operating Facilities

         During 1991, UPS moved its corporate office to Atlanta, Georgia.  In
1994, UPS completed its new headquarters at a cost of $105 million, and moved
all of its staff into the headquarters.

         Among UPS's principal operating facilities are those located in Dallas
(Texas), Denver (Colorado), Earth City (Missouri), Grand Rapids (Michigan) and
Palatine (Illinois).  These operating facilities, having floor spaces which
range from 350,000 to 1,000,000 square feet, have central sorting facilities,
operating hubs and service centers for local operations.  UPS has recently
completed construction of a large hub facility near Chicago, Illinois.  This
facility has floor space of approximately 1,900,000 square feet and has





                                     -11-
<PAGE>   13


recently commenced operations on a limited basis.  The estimated cost of this
facility, including plant equipment, was approximately $318 million.

         UPS also owns approximately 700 and leases approximately 1,000 other
operating facilities throughout the territories it serves.  The smaller of
these facilities have vehicles and drivers stationed for the pickup of packages
and facilities for sorting and transfer and delivery of packages.  The larger
of these facilities have additional facilities for servicing UPS vehicles and
equipment, and employ specialized mechanical installations for the sorting and
handling of packages.

         UPS's aircraft are operated in a hub and spokes pattern in the United
States.  UPS's principal air hub in the United States is located in Louisville,
Kentucky, with regional air hubs in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and Ontario,
California.  These hubs house facilities for sorting, transfer and delivery of
packages.  The Louisville hub handles the largest volume of packages for air
delivery in the United States.  In 1994, UPS finished construction of a
regional air hub in Rockford, Illinois and completed the hub expansion in
Dallas, Texas.  UPS has plans to construct its last regional air hub in
Columbia, South Carolina.  UPS's European air hub is located in Cologne,
Germany.

         UPS's computer operations have been consolidated in a 400,000 square
foot leased facility located on a 39 acre site in Mahwah, New Jersey.  The
construction of a 27,000 square foot addition to the facility commenced in 1994
and should be completed by the fourth quarter of 1995.  The addition will
accommodate further expansions of up to 54,000 square feet.  UPS has leased
this facility for an initial term ending in 2019 for use as a data processing,
telecommunications and operations facility.  UPS has also begun construction of
a 160,000 square foot facility located on a 25 acre site in the Atlanta,
Georgia area, which will serve as a backup to the main facility in New Jersey.
The new facility, to be completed in July 1995, will provide backup capacity in
case a power outage or other disaster incapacitates the main data center, and
it will also help meet future communication needs.


         Aircraft

         UPS operates a fleet of 462 aircraft.  UPS's fleet at December 31,
1994 consisted of the following aircraft:





                                     -12-
<PAGE>   14



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                     
                                                           Number                  Number
         Description                                       Owned                   Leased
         -----------                                       ------                  ------
    <S>                                                     <C>                      <C>
    McDonnell Douglas DC-8-71                                23                        1
    McDonnell Douglas DC-8-73                                26                        2
    Boeing 747-100                                            5                       18
    Boeing 757-200                                           29                       18
    Boeing 727-100                                           51                        -
    Boeing 727-200                                            8                        -
    Fairchild SA227-AT                                       11                        -
    Other                                                     -                      270
                                                            ---                      ---

    Total                                                   153                      309
</TABLE>


         An inventory of spare engines and parts is maintained for each 
aircraft.

         All of UPS's DC-8-71's, DC-8-73's, B757PF's and 747-100's meet Stage
III federal noise regulations.  UPS is replacing the three engines on all but
seven B727-100 aircraft with new, quieter engines.  These re-engined B727-100's
will meet Stage III federal noise regulations and will allow UPS to operate
into airports with aircraft noise restrictions that exclude B727-100's that
have not been re-engined.  UPS will accomplish engine modifications for each of
its eight 727-200 aircraft to achieve Stage III noise compliance.

         The current noise regulations do not impact the valuation of these
aircraft as their depreciable lives all end before the final phase-in date for
Stage III compliance in 1999.  All other aircraft operated by UPS are not
subject to Stage III noise regulations.

         In 1994, UPS completed a cockpit modernization program of all but
seven aircraft in the B727-100 fleet.  This modernization program consisted of
replacing many of the original cockpit instruments with modern cathode ray tube
(CRT) instrumentation.  In addition, the layout and positioning of instruments
in these B727-100 cockpits has been standardized to a common configuration.  A
similar cockpit modernization program is also underway for all the UPS DC8-71
and DC8-73 aircraft.  At this time, UPS has not committed seven B727-100's
purchased in 1994 to either the re-engining program or the cockpit
modernization program.

         During 1994, UPS ordered 30 new Boeing 767 freight aircraft
(B767-300F) with options to buy 30 more.  The delivery of the first 767 is
scheduled for October 1995.  UPS also accelerated the delivery of two B757-200
aircraft from 1995 to 1994.  A total of 12 B757-200's were delivered to UPS in
1994. Eight B757-200's will be delivered to UPS in 1995, along with 5
B767-300F's.  In addition, UPS has options for the purchase of 31 additional
B757-200 aircraft and 30 B767-300F aircraft for delivery between 1997 and 2008,
if additional aircraft are required.




                                     -13-
<PAGE>   15


         Vehicles

         UPS owns and operates a fleet of approximately 132,000 vehicles and
leases 2,400 vehicles, ranging in size from panel delivery cars to large
tractors and trailers, including 1,483 temperature-controlled trailers owned by
Martrac and 3,917 vehicles owned by UPS Truck Leasing.  During 1994,
approximately 4,245 package cars, tractors and trailers were purchased and
approximately 3,764 older vehicles were retired.


Item 3.  Legal Proceedings.

         While UPS is routinely involved in litigation relating to the conduct
of its business, there are no pending legal proceedings which, individually or
in the aggregate, are material to the business of UPS.  UPS was subject to tax
audits by the United States Internal Revenue Service for the 1983 through 1987
tax years.  Information regarding the tax audit is incorporated herein by
reference from Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements filed herewith.


Item 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.

         None.


                                    PART II


Item 5.  Market for the Registrant's Common Equity And Related Stockholder
         Matters.

         UPS is authorized to issue 900,000,000 shares of common stock, par
value $.10 per share, of which 580,000,000 shares were issued and outstanding
(including those shares held by UPS for distribution in connection with its
stock plans) as of February 28, 1995.  UPS is also authorized to issue
200,000,000 shares of preferred stock, without par value.  No shares of
preferred stock have been issued or are outstanding.

         Each share of UPS Common Stock is entitled to one vote in the election
of directors and other matters, except that, generally, any shareowner, or
shareowners acting as a group, who beneficially own more than 10 percent of the
voting stock are entitled to only one one-hundredth of a vote with respect to
each vote in excess of 10 percent of the voting power of the then outstanding
shares of voting stock.  Holders have no preemptive or other right to subscribe
to additional shares.  In the event of liquidation or dissolution, they are
entitled to share ratably in the assets available after payment of all
obligations.  The shares are not redeemable by UPS except through UPS's
exercise of the preferential right of purchase mentioned below and, in the case
of stock subject to the UPS Managers Stock Trust, UPS's right of purchase in
the circumstances described herein.





                                     -14-
<PAGE>   16


         Shareowners are entitled to such dividends as are declared by the
Board of Directors.  The policy of the UPS Board is to declare dividends each
year out of current earnings.  However, the declaration of future dividends is
subject to the discretion of the Board of Directors in light of all relevant
facts, including UPS's earnings, general business conditions and capital
requirements.

         UPS Common Stock is not listed on a national securities exchange or
traded in the organized over-the-counter market.  The UPS Certificate of
Incorporation provides that no outstanding shares of UPS capital stock entitled
to vote generally in the election of directors may be transferred to any other
person, except by bona fide gift or inheritance, unless the shares shall have
first been offered, by written notice, for sale to UPS at the same price and on
the same terms upon which they are to be offered to the proposed transferee.

         UPS has the right, within 30 days after receipt of the notice, to
purchase all or a part of the shares at the price and on the terms offered.  If
it fails to exercise or waives the right, the shareowner may, within a period
of 20 days thereafter, sell to the proposed transferee all, but not part, of
the shares which UPS elected not to purchase, for the price and on the terms
described in the offer.  All transferees of shares hold their shares subject to
the same restriction.  Shares previously offered but not transferred within the
20 day period remain subject to the initial restrictions.  Shares may be
pledged or otherwise used for security purposes, but no transfer may be made
upon a foreclosure of the pledge until the shares have been offered to UPS at
the price and on the terms and conditions bid by the purchaser at the
foreclosure.

         UPS, from time to time, has waived its right of first refusal to
purchase its shares in order to permit managers and supervisors to purchase
shares at the same price as UPS was willing to pay.  The grant of waivers in
these cases has been effected after considering the needs of UPS for purposes
of the UPS Managers Incentive Plan and UPS's 1986 and 1991 Stock Option Plans
("Plans") and other corporate purposes and has been subject to those needs.
Persons who purchase shares in this manner are required to deposit them in the
UPS Managers Stock Trust.

         UPS notifies its shareowners periodically of its willingness to
purchase shares at specified prices determined by  the Board of Directors, in
the event that shareowners wish to sell their shares.  During 1994, UPS
purchased 29,290,052 shares at an aggregate purchase price of approximately
$632 million.

         In determining the prices, the Board considers a variety of factors,
including past and current earnings, earnings estimates, the ratio of UPS
Common Stock to debt of UPS, other factors affecting the business and outlook
of UPS and general economic conditions, as well as opinions furnished from time
to time by two firms of investment counselors, each acting independently, as
to the value of UPS shares.  The Board has not followed any predetermined
formula.  It has considered a number of formulas commonly used in the
evaluation of securities of closely held and of publicly held companies, but
its decisions have been based primarily on the judgment of the Board of Direc-




                                     -15-
<PAGE>   17


tors as to the long-range prospects of UPS rather than what the Board considers
to be the short-term trends relating to UPS or the values of securities
generally.  Thus, for example, the Board has not given substantial weight to
short-term variations in average price-earnings ratios of publicly traded
securities which at times have been considerably higher, and at other times,
considerably lower, than those for UPS's securities.  However, the Board's
decision as to prices does take into account factors affecting generally the
market prices of publicly traded securities, and prolonged changes in those
prices could have an effect on the prices offered by UPS.

         One factor in determining the prices at which securities trade in the
organized markets is that of supply and demand. When demand is high in relation
to the shares which investors seek to sell, prices tend to increase, while
prices tend to decrease when demand is low in relation to the shares being
sold.  To date, the UPS Board of Directors has not given significant weight to
considerations of supply and demand in determining the price to be paid by UPS
for its shares.  UPS has had a need for many of its shares for purposes of
awards under the Plans, and eligible managers and supervisors have purchased
many other available shares.  When the number of shares acquired by UPS exceeds
the number needed for these purposes within a reasonable period, the excess
shares are constructively retired and treated as authorized and unissued shares
by UPS.

         UPS intends to continue its policy of purchasing a limited number of
shares when offered by shareowners.  However, there can be no assurance of
continuation of that policy.  The feasibility of purchases by UPS and the
prices at which shares may be purchased are both subject to the continued
maintenance by UPS of satisfactory earnings and financial condition.  Hence,
both the salability of UPS shares and the prices at which they may be sold
would be adversely affected by a continuous decline of UPS's earnings or by
unfavorable changes in its financial position and might be adversely affected
by decisions of shareowners to sell substantially more shares than the Board
considers necessary for the ultimate purpose of making awards under the Plans.

         The prices at which UPS has published notices of its willingness to
purchase shares of Common Stock since January 1993 have been as follows:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                          Dates                             Price
                          -----                             -----
         <S>                                                <C>
                          1993
                          ----
                             
                             

         January 1 to February 18                           $18.50
         February 19 to May 19                              $18.75
         May 20 to August 18                                $19.25
         August 19 to November 17                           $19.75
         November 18 to February 16, 1994                   $20.75

                               
                               
                          1994                              Price
                          ----                              -----

         February 17 to May 25                              $21.25
         May 26 to August 24                                $22.00
         August 25 to November 17                           $23.00
         November 18 to February 15, 1995                   $23.50
</TABLE>





                                     -16-
<PAGE>   18


         On February 16, 1995, UPS expressed its willingness to purchase shares
at $23.75 per share, which is still the price at the date of this report.

         In February 1995, UPS distributed an aggregate of 6,487,408 shares of
UPS Common Stock, subject to the UPS Managers Stock Trust, under the UPS
Managers Incentive Plan to a total of 29,462 employees at a managerial or
supervisory level.  In February 1994, it distributed an aggregate of 6,325,902
shares of UPS Common Stock under that Plan to a total of 28,096 managerial or
supervisory employees.  The UPS Managers Stock Trust and the Managers Incentive
Plan have been previously described in the UPS Registration Statement on Form
10 and in the UPS Prospectus, dated February 1, 1995, relating to the UPS
Managers Incentive Plan awards.  Such distributions do not represent "sales" as
defined under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "1933 Act").
However, the shares awarded were registered under the 1933 Act to permit
resales of the shares consistent with the interpretations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission under Rule 144 adopted under the 1933 Act.

         During 1994, 1,215,680 shares of UPS Common Stock were distributed to
1,881 employees upon the exercise of stock options granted to them by UPS under
the 1986 Stock Option Plan.  In addition, a total of 5,433,772 shares of UPS
Common Stock were sold, pursuant to a stock offering by UPS, to 13,373 UPS
managers and supervisors.  The offering has been previously described in the
UPS Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 33-54297), which became effective
in August 1994.  The shares issued upon exercise of the options and the shares
purchased pursuant to the offering are subject to the UPS Managers Stock Trust.
During 1994, UPS also sold 15 million shares of UPS Common Stock to the UPS
Thrift Plan at a price of $330 million.

         Shares of UPS Common Stock issued to employees under the Plans and
most other shares of UPS Common Stock owned by UPS employees are held subject
to the UPS Managers Stock Trust (the "Trust").  First Fidelity Bank
("Fidelity") serves as trustee under the Trust.  The Trust agreement gives UPS
the right to purchase the shares of UPS Common Stock of members deposited in
the Trust at their fair market value, as defined, when the member retires, dies
or ceases to be an employee of UPS, or when the member requests the withdrawal
of shares from the Trust.  Fair market value is defined as the fair market
value of the shares at the time of the sale, or in the event of differences of
opinion as to value, the average price per share of all shares of UPS sold
during the 12 months preceding the sale involved.  UPS becomes entitled to
purchase shares of UPS Common Stock held under the Trust within 60 days of a
request from the member to release the shares from the Trust and upon
occurrence of the other enumerated events.  The time during which UPS may
purchase shares of UPS Common Stock following the cessation of employment
varies from three years to thirteen years, depending upon the number of shares
held by the employee and the date of the applicable trust agreement.  In the
event UPS fails to exercise its option within the prescribed periods, the
employee would become entitled, upon request, to the delivery of the shares of



                                     -17-
<PAGE>   19


UPS Common Stock free and clear of the Trust, unless the purchase period has
been extended by agreement of UPS and the shareowner.  UPS has consistently
exercised its purchase rights.

         Members of the Trust are entitled to the dividends on shares of UPS
Common Stock held for their accounts (except that stock dividends are added to
the shares held by the Trustee for the benefit of the individual members), to
direct the Trustee as to how the shares held for their benefit are to be voted
and to request proxies from the Trustee to vote shares held for their accounts.

         In January 1995, UPS paid a cash dividend of $.30 a share.  For the
fiscal year ended December 31, 1994, UPS paid cash dividends  of $.25 a share
in January 1994 and $.25 in June 1994.  For the fiscal year ended December 31,
1993, UPS paid a cash dividend of $.25 a share in June 1993.

         UPS intends to continue its policy of paying dividends to its
shareowners.  However, the declaration of future dividends is subject to the
discretion of the Board of Directors in light of all relevant facts, including
earnings, general business conditions and working capital requirements.  Loan
agreements, to which UPS is a party, limit the amount which UPS may declare as
dividends and use for the repurchase of its Common Stock.  The most restrictive
of these agreements limits the declaration of dividends, other than stock
dividends, and payments for the purchase of Common Stock to the extent that
such declarations and payments, together with all other payments made
subsequent to January 1, 1985 would exceed, in the aggregate, (i) $250,000,000,
(ii) 66-2/3% of net income, as defined in the agreement, and (iii) the net
proceeds from the issuance, sale or disposition of any shares of stock of UPS
or any warrants or other rights to purchase such stock subsequent to January 1,
1985.  As of December 31, 1994 UPS had approximately $979 million not subject
to these restrictions.  These limits do not materially restrict the declaration
of dividends.

         Set forth below is the approximate number of record holders of equity
securities of UPS as of February 28, 1995.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        Number of
                 Title of Class                       Record Holders
                 --------------                       --------------
         <S>                                              <C>
         Common Stock of UPS, $.10 par value                2,587

         Common Stock of UPS, $.10 par value,              44,528(1)
         subject to UPS Managers Stock Trust
</TABLE>





________________________________________________________________________________

1.       Refers to beneficial owners.  The record holder of the shares of
         Common Stock subject to the Trust is Saul & Co., as nominee for First
         Fidelity Bank, N.A., Newark, New Jersey, as Trustee.


                                     -18-
<PAGE>   20



         Item 6.  Selected Financial Data.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Selected Income Statement Data:
(000's omitted, except for per share amounts)                             Year ended December 31,                            
                                             ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                     1994            1993             1992            1991           1990
                                                     ----            ----             ----            ----           ----
<S>                                              <C>             <C>              <C>             <C>           <C>
Revenue............................              $19,575,690     $17,782,353      $16,518,621     $15,019,830    $13,606,344

Operating expenses.................              (18,019,744)    (16,324,681)     (15,240,837)    (13,768,574)   (12,554,167)

Interest income....................                   13,762          19,846           22,433          27,572         22,278

Interest expense...................                  (29,211)        (34,000)         (41,918)        (51,794)       (71,999)

Miscellaneous -- net...............                   34,879         (11,821)          10,996          (9,969)        (2,572)

Income taxes.......................                 (632,047)       (622,062)        (504,223)       (516,895)      (403,108)
                                                 -----------     -----------      -----------     -----------    ----------- 

Income before cumulative
  effect of a change in
  accounting principle.............                  943,329         809,635          765,072         700,170       596,776

Cumulative effect of a change
  in the method of accounting
  for postretirement benefits
  other than pensions..............                    ---             ---           (248,905)          ---            ---  
                                                 -----------     -----------      -----------     -----------    ----------- 

Net income.........................              $   943,329     $   809,635      $   516,167     $   700,170    $   596,776
                                                 ===========     ===========      ===========     ===========    ===========

  % of revenue after cumulative
    effect of a change in
    accounting principle...........                      4.8%            4.6%             3.1%            4.7%           4.4%
                                                 ===========     ===========      ===========     ===========    ===========

Per share amounts (1):
  Income before cumulative effect
    of a change in accounting
    principle......................              $      1.63     $      1.40      $      1.29     $      1.14    $      0.95
  Cumulative effect of a change
    in the method of accounting
    for postretirement benefits
    other than pensions............                    ---             ---              (0.42)            --             -- 
                                                 -----------     -----------      -----------     -----------    ----------- 

  Net income per share.............              $      1.63     $      1.40      $      0.87     $      1.14    $      0.95
                                                 ===========     ===========      ===========     ===========    ===========

Dividends per share................              $      0.55     $      0.50      $      0.50     $      0.48    $      0.48
                                                 ===========     ===========      ===========     ===========    ===========

Selected Balance Sheet Data:
(000's omitted)
                                                                                  December 31,
                                                                                  ------------

                                                     1994            1993             1992            1991           1990
                                                     ----            ----             ----            ----           ----

Working Capital....................              $   120,994     $     3,745      $    61,687     $   172,635    $    68,328
                                                 ===========     ===========      ===========     ===========    ===========

Long-term debt.....................              $ 1,127,405     $   852,266      $   862,378     $   830,634    $   854,687
                                                 ===========     ===========      ===========     ===========    ===========

Total assets.......................              $11,182,404     $ 9,573,831      $ 9,037,817     $ 8,858,561    $ 8,176,056
                                                 ===========     ===========      ===========     ===========    ===========

</TABLE>
___________________________
(1)  All per share amounts have been restated to reflect the 4-for-1 stock
     split effective September 6, 1991.





                                     -19-
<PAGE>   21


Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
        Results of Operations.
 
Operations

1994 Compared to 1993

         Revenue increased $1.793 billion, or 10.1%, during 1994 compared to
1993.  For 1994, domestic revenue totaled $17.298 billion, an increase of
$1.475 billion, or 9.3%, over 1993 and international revenue totaled $2.278
billion, an increase of $318 million, or 16.2%, over 1993.

         Domestic revenue increased as a result of higher volume which was up
2.3%, favorable changes in rates and a continuing shift toward higher yielding
packages.  During the first quarter of 1994, published rates for domestic
ground services for commercial and residential deliveries were increased by
3.8% and 4.3%, respectively.  Additionally, the published rates for Next Day
Air and 2nd Day Air packages each increased by 3.9% and the published rates for
Next Day Air and 2nd Day Air letters increased by 2.4% and 4.5%, respectively.

         The increase in international revenue was primarily attributable to
higher volume, which was up 8.0%.  The majority of the increased volume related
to higher yielding, export packages.

         Operating expenses increased by $1.695 billion, or 10.4%, which was
commensurate with the increase in revenues.  Higher wages and employee benefits
accounted for the majority of the increase.  Other operating expenses were up
in a variety of categories with the largest increases relating to depreciation
and purchased transportation.  As part of UPS's overall effort to lower
operating expenses, it is considering a possible reduction in the number of
managers it employs from the current level of approximately 35,000.  However,
no decisions have been made as to the size of a possible reduction.  UPS is
considering the extent to which its objectives can be met through attrition,
early retirement and possible layoffs.  Therefore, the projected savings or
expenses associated with a possible reduction in the number of managers cannot
be determined.

         Operating profit for 1994 increased by $98 million, or 6.7%.  This
increase resulted primarily from higher revenue discussed above.

         Income before income taxes and cumulative effect of a change in
accounting principle ("pre-tax income") increased by $144 million, or 10.0%.
Domestic pre-tax income amounted to $1.902 billion, an increase of $204
million, or 12.0%, over 1993.  This increase was a result of higher operating 
profit and the sale of an investment property in January at a gain of 
approximately $46 million.  The





                                     -20-
<PAGE>   22


international pre-tax loss increased by $60 million, or 22.6%, bringing the
total international pre-tax loss to $327 million for 1994.

         The international pre-tax loss attributable to the foreign domestic
operations increased by $56 million, or 31.8%, primarily as a result of
competitive factors.  The pre-tax loss associated with export operations
increased by $4 million, or 4.8%.  Export volume increased by 48.0% and 16.3%
for international and U.S. origin, export shipments, respectively.  UPS expects
the cost of operating its international business will continue to exceed
revenue in the near future.

         Net income increased by $134 million, or 16.5%.  This increase
resulted primarily from the higher operating profit, a gain on a long-term
investment property described above and a deferred tax adjustment recorded in
1993 to reflect the effect of the increase in the maximum U.S. federal income
tax rate for corporations from 34% to 35%.  See also Note 7 to the consolidated
Financial Statements.


1993 Compared to 1992

         Revenue increased $1.264 billion, or 7.7%, during 1993 compared to
1992.  For 1993, domestic revenue totaled $15.823 billion, an increase of
$1.101 billion, or 7.5%, over 1992, and international revenue totalled $1.960
billion, an increase of $163 million, or 9.1%, over 1992.  Domestic revenue
increased as a result of favorable changes in rates and a shift toward higher
yielding packages.  Increases in published rates during the first quarter of
1993 ranged from 4.9% to 5.9% for domestic air shipments and averaged
approximately 4.5% for domestic ground shipments.  These increases offset a
0.6% decline in domestic volume during 1993.  The increase in international
revenue was attributable to higher volume, which was up 11.8%.  However, the
effect of the international volume increase on revenue was partially offset by
a decrease in revenue per piece.  This decrease resulted from competitive
pressures and poor economic conditions in certain foreign markets along with
currency exchange rate fluctuations with respect to the U.S. dollar and
discounting in connection with efforts to build volume.

         Operating expenses increased by $1.084 billion, or 7.1%.  The increase
was primarily the result of increases in average pay rates and employee
benefits.  In November 1993, UPS entered into a new, four-year labor agreement
with the International Brotherhood of Teamsters ("Teamsters").  The new
agreement resulted in hourly increases in wages and employee benefits for
senior drivers of $2.25 and $1.80, respectively, over the four-year term.  The
agreement will result in similar increases in wages and employee benefits for
the Company's other Teamsters employees.  Terms of the agreement were effective
August 1, 1993.




                                     -21-
<PAGE>   23


         Operating profit for 1993 increased by $180 million, or 14.1%.  This
increase resulted primarily from higher revenue.

         Income before income taxes and cumulative effect of a change in
accounting principle ("pre-tax income") increased by $162 million, or 12.8%.
Domestic pre-tax income amounted to $1.698 billion, an increase of $153
million, or 9.9%, over 1992 as a result of higher operating profit.  The
international pre-tax loss decreased by $10 million, or 3.5% bringing the
international pre-tax loss to $267 million for 1993.  This change resulted from
improved export operations and favorable swings in currency exchange rates
offset by declines in foreign domestic operations.

         The international pre-tax loss attributable to the foreign domestic
operations increased by $71 million, or 68.2%, primarily as a result of weak
economic conditions and tough competition.  The pre-tax loss associated with
export operations decreased by $81 million, or 47.1%, as a result of increased
volume and the achievement of greater cost efficiencies in the international
network.  Export volume increased by 36.1% and 35.7% for international and U.S.
origin, export shipments, respectively.

         The provision for income taxes increased by approximately $118
million, or 23.4%.  This increase is a result of higher pre-tax income as well
as an increase in the U.S. federal income tax rate, as described more fully in
Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

         Income before cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle
increased by $45 million, or 5.8%.  This increase resulted from the increase in
pre-tax income, partially offset by the increase in the U.S. federal income tax
rate.


Liquidity and Capital Resources

         UPS believes that its internally generated funds, revolving credit
facilities and commercial paper program (discussed below) will provide adequate
sources of liquidity and capital resources to meet its expected future
short-term and long-term needs for the operation of its business, including
anticipated capital expenditures of $2.2 billion for land, buildings, equipment
and aircraft in 1995, as well as commitments for aircraft purchases through
2000.

         During the fourth quarter of 1993, UPS established a commercial paper
program under which it may borrow up to $500 million on a short-term, unsecured
basis at favorable rates.  The amount which UPS can borrow under this program
was increased to $1 billion in 1995.




                                     -22-
<PAGE>   24


         Agents for the United States Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") have
asserted in reports that UPS is liable for additional tax for the 1984 through
1987 tax years.  The assertions are based in large part on the theory that UPS
is liable for tax on income of Overseas Partners Ltd. ("OPL"), a Bermuda
company, which has reinsured excess value package insurance purchased by UPS's
customers from unrelated insurers.  The adjustments sought by the agent
relating to package insurance are based on a number of inconsistent theories
and range from $97 million to $183 million of tax, plus penalties and interest,
for the period stated above.

         In addition, the agents have raised a number of other issues relating
to the timing of deductions; the characterization of expenses as capital rather
than ordinary; and UPS's entitlement to the Investment Tax Credit in the 1983
through 1987 tax years.  The adjustments sought on these issues aggregate $127
million in tax, the majority of which would reverse in future years, plus
penalties and interest.

         After consultation with legal experts, management believes there is no
merit to any material issues raised by the IRS and that the eventual resolution
of these matters will not have a material impact on the Company.  Although no
assessment has yet been made by the IRS with respect to the years 1983 through
1987, it is likely the IRS will issue a Notice of Deficiency for the years 1983
and 1984 which the Company will contest through litigation.  The IRS has not
proposed adjustments for years subsequent to 1987, although the IRS may take
positions similar to those in the reports described above for periods after
1987.



Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

Financial Statements

         The Financial Statements of UPS are filed together with this Report:
see Index to Financial Statements, page F-1, which is incorporated herein by
reference.


Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
         Financial Disclosure.

         Not applicable.



                                     -23-
<PAGE>   25


                                   PART III


Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant.

         Information regarding the Directors of UPS is presented under the
caption "Election of Directors" in UPS's definitive Proxy Statement for the
Annual Meeting of Shareowners to be held on May 11, 1995, which will be filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") by March 31, 1995, is
incorporated herein by reference.

         Information concerning UPS's executive officers can be found in Part
I, Item 1, of this Form 10-K under the caption "Executive Officers" in
accordance with Instruction 3 of Item 401(b) of Regulation S-K and General
Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K.


Item 11. Executive Compensation.

         Information in answer to this Item 11 is presented under the caption
"Compensation of Executive Officers and Other Information" excluding the
information under the captions "Report of the Officer Compensation Committee on
Executive Compensation" and "Shareowner Return Performance Graph" in UPS's
definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareowners to be held on
May 11, 1995, which will be filed with the SEC by March 31, 1995, is
incorporated herein by reference.


Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management.

         Information in answer to this Item 12 is presented under the caption
"Stock Ownership" in UPS's definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of
Shareowners to be held on May 11, 1995, which will be filed with the SEC by
March 31, 1995, is incorporated herein by reference.


Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions.

         Information in answer to this Item 13 is presented under the captions
"Certain Business Relationships" and "Common Relationships with Overseas
Partners Ltd." in UPS's definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of
Shareowners to be held on May 11, 1995, which will be filed with the SEC by
March 31, 1995, is incorporated herein by reference.




                                     -24-
<PAGE>   26


                                    PART IV


Item 14. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports on Form 8-K.

         (a)     1.    Financial Statements.
                       - See Index to Financial Statements and Financial
Statement Schedules at page F-1, which is incorporated herein by reference.

                 2.    Financial Statement Schedules
                       - Not applicable

                 3.    List of Exhibits.
                       - See Exhibit Index at page E-1, which is incorporated 
herein by reference.

         (b)     Reports on Form 8-K.
                 - No reports on Form 8-K were filed during the quarter ended 
December 31, 1994

         (c)     Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K.
                 - See Exhibit Index at page E-1, which is incorporated herein 
by reference.





                                     -25-
<PAGE>   27

                                  SIGNATURES


         Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, United Parcel Service of America, Inc. has duly caused
this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized.

                                         UNITED PARCEL SERVICE OF AMERICA, INC.
                                                       (Registrant)


Date:  March 29, 1995                    By:  /s/ Kent C. Nelson               
                                              ---------------------------------
                                              Kent C.Nelson
                                              Chairman of the Board


         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Signature                                  Title                        Date
---------                                  -----                        ----
<S>                               <C>                               <C>
/s/ John W. Alden                 Senior Vice President             March 29, 1995
-------------------------         and Director                                                
John W. Alden                     

/s/ William H. Brown, III         Director                          March 29, 1995
-------------------------                                                         
William H. Brown, III

/s/ Robert J. Clanin              Senior Vice President             March 29, 1995
-------------------------         Treasurer (Chief Financial                                                
Robert J. Clanin                  and Accounting Officer)
                                  
                                  Director                                   , 1995
-------------------------                                           ---------
Carl Kaysen              

/s/ John J. Kelley                Senior Vice President             March 29, 1995
-------------------------         and Director                                                
John J. Kelley                    

/s/ James P. Kelly                Executive Vice President          March 29, 1995
-------------------------         and Director                                                
James P. Kelly                    

                                  Director                                   , 1995
-------------------------                                           ---------
Gary E. MacDougal         

/s/ Joseph R. Moderow             Senior Vice President,            March 29, 1995
-------------------------         Secretary and Director                                                
Joseph R. Moderow                 
</TABLE>





                                     -26-
<PAGE>   28

<TABLE>
<S>                               <C>                               <C>
/s/ Kent C. Nelson                Chairman of the Board             March 29, 1995
-------------------------         and Director (Chief                                                
Kent C. Nelson                    Executive Officer)

                                  Director                                   , 1995
-------------------------                                           ---------
Victor A. Pelson          

                                  Director                                   , 1995
-------------------------                                           ---------
John W. Rogers            

/s/ Charles L. Schaffer           Senior Vice President             March 29, 1995
-------------------------         and Director                                                
Charles L. Schaffer               

                                  Director                                   , 1995
-------------------------                                           ---------
Robert M. Teeter          

/s/ Calvin E. Tyler, Jr.          Senior Vice President             March 29, 1995
-------------------------         and Director                                    
Calvin E. Tyler, Jr.                          
</TABLE>                          



                                      -27-
<PAGE>   29





                    UNITED PARCEL SERVICE OF AMERICA, INC.
                               AND SUBSIDIARIES
                                      
               CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES
                                      
        COMPRISING ITEMS 8 AND 14(a) (2) OF ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K
                                      
                    TO SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                                      
                     THREE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1994
<PAGE>   30





                     UNITED PARCEL SERVICE OF AMERICA, INC.
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES
                       INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
                         FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
 ITEM 8 - FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                                    Page Number
 -----------------------------                                                                    -----------
 <S>                                                                                             <C>
 Independent Auditors' Report                                                                             F-2

 Consolidated balance sheet                                                                       F-3 and F-4
 -  December 31, 1994 and 1993
 
 Statement of consolidated income                                    

 - Years ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992                                                           F-5
                                                                                                             
                                                                                                          
 Statement of consolidated shareowners' equity
 -  Years ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992                                                          F-6
                                                                                                             
                                                                                                          
 Statement of consolidated cash flows                                                                        
 -  Years ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992                                                          F-7

 Notes to consolidated financial statement schedule                                               F-8 to F-23


 Items 14(a)  (2) - Financial Statement Schedules
 ------------------------------------------------

</TABLE>


All schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, or not
required, or because the required information is included in the consolidated
financial statements or notes thereto.
<PAGE>   31





INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT




Board of Directors and Shareowners
United Parcel Service of America, Inc.
Atlanta, Georgia


We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of United Parcel
Service of America, Inc., and its subsidiaries as of December 31, 1994 and
1993, and the related consolidated statements of income, shareowners' equity,
and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
1994.  These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's
management.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards.  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of
material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.  An audit
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation.  We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis
for our opinion.

In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of United Parcel Service of America,
Inc., and its subsidiaries at December 31, 1994 and 1993, and the results of
their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31, 1994 in conformity with generally accepted accounting
principles.

As discussed in Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements, in 1992 the
Company changed its method of accounting for postretirement benefits other
than pensions to conform with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No.
106.

DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

Atlanta, Georgia
February 8, 1995





                                      F-2
<PAGE>   32

            UNITED PARCEL SERVICE OF AMERICA, INC., AND SUBSIDIARIES
                           CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
                           December 31, 1994 and 1993
                      (000's omitted except share amounts)



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Assets

                                                                                 1994                 1993
                                                                                 ----                 ----
<S>                                                                        <C>                   <C>
Current Assets:                                        
         Cash and short-term investments                                   $    261,038          $    280,960
         Accounts receivable                                                  1,592,494             1,159,612
         Prepaid employee benefit costs                                         439,430               216,565
         Materials, supplies and other
           prepaid expenses                                                     381,179               442,582
         Common stock held for stock plans                                      349,338               283,112
                                                                             ----------             ---------
Total Current Assets                                                          3,023,479             2,382,831
                                                                             ----------             ---------

Property, Plant and Equipment:
         Vehicles                                                             2,767,493             2,661,407
         Aircraft                                                             3,707,654             2,936,940
         Land                                                                   622,936               617,381
         Buildings                                                            1,359,967             1,257,963
         Leasehold improvements                                               1,416,784             1,337,315
         Plant equipment                                                      2,660,881             2,266,811
         Construction-in-progress                                               557,186               391,171  
                                                                             ----------            ----------  
                                                                             13,092,901            11,468,988  
         Less accumulated depreciation                                        5,325,159             4,705,218  
                                                                             ----------            ----------  
                                                                              7,767,742             6,763,770  
                                                                             ----------            ----------  
                                                                                                               
Other Assets                                                                    391,183               427,230
                                                                             ----------            ----------

                                                                           $ 11,182,404          $  9,573,831
                                                                             ==========            ==========
</TABLE>





                See notes to consolidated financial statements.





                                      F-3
<PAGE>   33

            UNITED PARCEL SERVICE OF AMERICA, INC., AND SUBSIDIARIES
                           CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
                           December 31, 1994 and 1993
                      (000's omitted except share amounts)



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Liabilities and Shareowners' Equity

                                                                              1994                        1993
                                                                              ----                        ----
<S>                                                                       <C>                        <C>
Current Liabilities:
         Accounts payable                                                  $ 1,082,056               $   728,808
         Accrued wages and withholdings                                      1,080,554                   918,943
         Dividends payable                                                     170,037                   141,281
         Deferred income taxes                                                 136,260                    74,545
         Other current liabilities                                             433,578                   515,509
                                                                            ----------                 ---------
Total Current Liabilities                                                    2,902,485                 2,379,086
                                                                            ----------                 ---------

Long-Term Debt                                                               1,127,405                   852,266
                                                                            ----------                 ---------
Accumulated Postretirement Benefit
  Obligation, Net                                                              588,860                   518,726
                                                                            ----------                 ---------
Deferred Taxes, Credits and Other
  Liabilities                                                                1,916,405                 1,879,244
                                                                            ----------                 ---------


Shareowners' Equity:
         Preferred stock, no par value,
           authorized 200,000,000 shares,
           none issued                                                               -                         -
         Common stock, par value $.10 per
           share, authorized 900,000,000
           shares, issued 580,000,000                                           58,000                    58,000
         Additional paid-in capital                                            295,441                   264,401
         Retained earnings                                                   4,276,784                 3,644,047
         Cumulative foreign currency
           adjustments                                                          17,024                   (21,939)   
                                                                            ----------                 ---------    
                                                                             4,647,249                 3,944,509    
                                                                            ----------                 ---------    
                                                                                                                    
                                                                          $ 11,182,404               $ 9,573,831    
                                                                            ==========                 =========    
                                                                                                                   
         Shareowners' Equity Per Share                                    $       8.01               $      6.80    
                                                                            ==========                 =========    
                                                                                                                    
</TABLE>                                                                  





                See notes to consolidated financial statements.





                                      F-4
<PAGE>   34
            UNITED PARCEL SERVICE OF AMERICA, INC., AND SUBSIDIARIES
                        STATEMENT OF CONSOLIDATED INCOME
                  Years Ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992
                    (000's omitted except per share amounts)



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          1994            1993            1992
                                                                          ----            ----            ----
<S>                                                                  <C>             <C>             <C>
Revenue                                                              $ 19,575,690    $ 17,782,353    $ 16,518,621
                                                                     ------------    ------------    ------------ 
Operating Expenses:
   Wages and employee benefits                                         11,726,807      10,661,081       9,707,793
   Other                                                                6,292,937       5,663,600       5,533,044
                                                                     ------------    ------------    ------------ 
                                                                       18,019,744      16,324,681      15,240,837
                                                                     ------------    ------------    ------------ 
   Operating profit                                                     1,555,946       1,457,672       1,277,784
                                                                     ------------    ------------    ------------ 
Other Income and (Expense):
   Interest income                                                         13,762          19,846          22,433
   Interest expense                                                       (29,211)        (34,000)        (41,918)
   Miscellaneous, net                                                      34,879         (11,821)         10,996
                                                                     ------------    ------------    ------------ 
                                                                           19,430         (25,975)         (8,489)
                                                                     ------------    ------------    ------------ 
Income Before Income Taxes and
   Cumulative Effect of a Change
   in Accounting Principle                                              1,575,376       1,431,697       1,269,295

Income Taxes                                                              632,047         622,062         504,223
                                                                     ------------    ------------    ------------ 
Income Before Cumulative Effect
   of a Change in Accounting
   Principle                                                              943,329         809,635         765,072

Cumulative Effect of a Change
   in the Method of Accounting
   for Postretirement Benefits
   Other Than Pensions                                                          -               -        (248,905)
                                                                     ------------    ------------    ------------ 
   Net income                                                        $    943,329    $    809,635    $    516,167
                                                                     ============    ============    ============ 
Per Share Amounts:
   Income before cumulative
     effect of a change in
     accounting principle                                            $       1.63    $       1.40    $       1.29

   Cumulative effect of a change in
     the method of accounting for
     postretirement benefits other
     than pensions                                                              -               -           (0.42)
                                                                     ------------    ------------    ------------ 
   Net income per share                                              $       1.63    $       1.40    $       0.87
                                                                     ============    ============    ============ 
</TABLE>



                 See notes to consolidated financial statements.



                                      F-5
<PAGE>   35

            UNITED PARCEL SERVICE OF AMERICA, INC., AND SUBSIDIARIES
                  STATEMENT OF CONSOLIDATED SHAREOWNERS' EQUITY
                  Years Ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992
                    (000's omitted except per share amounts)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                       Cumulative
                                                                   Additional                           Foreign         Total
                                            Common Stock            Paid-in          Retained           Currency     Shareowners'
                                         Shares        Amount       Capital          Earnings          Adjustments     Equity
                                         ------        ------      ----------        --------          -----------   ------------
<S>                                       <C>         <C>           <C>            <C>                 <C>            <C>
Balance, January 1, 1992                  616,000      $61,600      $238,475       $3,502,540          $ 70,537       $3,873,152
  Net income                                    -            -             -          516,167                 -          516,167
  Dividends ($.50 per share)                    -            -             -         (293,225)                -         (293,225)
  Gain on issuance of common                                                                                     
     stock held for stock plans                 -            -        10,838                -                 -           10,838
  Exercise of stock options                     -            -        (7,461)               -                 -           (7,461)
  Foreign currency adjustments                  -            -             -                -           (45,746)         (45,746)
  Redemption of common stock              (21,000)      (2,100)            -         (331,193)                -         (333,293)
                                         --------      -------      --------       ----------          --------       ----------
Balance, December 31, 1992                595,000       59,500       241,852        3,394,289            24,791        3,720,432
  Net income                                    -            -             -          809,635                 -          809,635
  Dividends ($.50 per share)                    -            -             -         (285,193)                -         (285,193)
  Gain on issuance of common                                                                       
     stock held for stock plans                 -            -        20,795                -                 -           20,795
  Exercise of stock options                     -            -         1,754                -                 -            1,754
  Foreign currency adjustments                  -            -             -                -           (46,730)         (46,730)
  Redemption of common stock              (15,000)      (1,500)            -         (274,684)                -         (276,184)
                                         --------      -------      --------       ----------          --------       ----------
Balance, December 31, 1993                580,000       58,000       264,401        3,644,047           (21,939)       3,944,509
  Net income                                    -            -             -          943,329                 -          943,329
  Dividends ($.55 per share)                    -            -             -         (310,592)                -         (310,592)
  Gain on issuance of common                                                                       
     stock held for stock plans                 -            -        36,882                -                 -           36,882
  Exercise of stock options                     -            -        (5,842)               -                 -           (5,842)
  Foreign currency adjustments                  -            -             -                -            38,963           38,963
                                         --------      -------      --------       ----------          --------       ----------
Balance, December 31, 1994                580,000      $58,000      $295,441       $4,276,784          $ 17,024       $4,647,249
                                         ========      =======      ========       ==========          ========       ==========
</TABLE>

                 See notes to consolidated financial statements.



                                      F-6
<PAGE>   36

            UNITED PARCEL SERVICE OF AMERICA, INC., AND SUBSIDIARIES
                      STATEMENT OF CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOWS
                  Years Ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992
                                 (000's omitted)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                1994           1993          1992
                                                                ----           ----          ----
<S>                                                         <C>            <C>            <C>
Cash flows from operating activities:                          
 Net income                                                 $   943,329    $   809,635    $  516,167
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net               
 cash provided from operating activities:           
    Depreciation and amortization                               786,122        691,397       662,031
    Postretirement benefits                                      70,134         50,063       468,663
    Deferred taxes, credits and other                            78,858        117,254       (27,516)
    Changes in assets and liabilities:              
      Accounts receivable                                      (432,882)       (67,233)      (91,527)
      Prepaid employee benefit costs                           (222,865)       (60,012)      (77,038)
      Materials, supplies and prepaid               
        expenses                                                 (6,514)         2,137        64,713
      Common stock held for stock plans                         (66,226)        49,977       (27,864)
      Accounts payable                                          353,248        (78,024)       19,422
      Accrued wages and withholdings                            161,611         86,150        18,765
      Dividends payable                                          28,756        141,281       (81,798)
      Other current liabilities                                 (78,019)        11,192         6,355
                                                            -----------    -----------    ---------- 
        Net cash from operating activities                    1,615,552      1,753,817     1,450,373
                                                            -----------    -----------    ---------- 
Cash flows from investing activities:               
 Capital expenditures - net                                  (1,677,343)    (1,097,036)     (929,261)
 Other asset receipts and (payments)                             42,194         41,667       (44,602)
                                                            -----------    -----------    ---------- 
        Net cash (used in) investing                
        activities                                           (1,635,149)    (1,055,369)     (973,863)
                                                            -----------    -----------    ---------- 
Cash flows from financing activities:               
 Proceeds from borrowings                                       322,455        203,670        36,318
 Repayment of borrowings                                        (51,465)      (212,808)      (36,440)
 Redemption of common stock                                          -        (276,184)     (333,293)
 Dividends paid                                                (310,592)      (285,193)     (293,225)
 Other transactions                                              31,040         22,549         3,377
                                                            -----------    -----------    ---------- 
        Net cash (used in) financing                
        activities                                               (8,562)      (547,966)     (623,263)
                                                            -----------    -----------    ---------- 
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash                           8,237         (2,920)       (7,122)
                                                            -----------    -----------    ---------- 
Net increase (decrease) in cash and                 
    short-term investments                                      (19,922)       147,562      (153,875)
                                                    
Cash and short-term investments:                    
 Beginning of year                                              280,960        133,398       287,273
                                                            -----------    -----------    ---------- 
 End of year                                                $   261,038    $   280,960    $  133,398
                                                            ===========    ===========    ========== 
Cash paid during the period for:                                                           
 Interest, net of amount capitalized                        $    38,498    $    42,022    $   41,784
                                                            ===========    ===========    ========== 
 Income taxes                                               $   661,672    $   569,759    $  363,503
                                                            ===========    ===========    ========== 
</TABLE>                                            

                 See notes to consolidated financial statements.




                                      F-7
<PAGE>   37
           UNITED PARCEL SERVICE OF AMERICA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 Years Ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992


1.  SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Basis of Financial Statements and Business Activities

       The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts
of United Parcel Service of America, Inc., and all of its subsidiaries
(collectively "UPS").  All material intercompany balances and transactions have
been eliminated.

       UPS concentrates its operations in the field of transportation services,
primarily domestic and international package delivery.  Revenue is recognized
upon delivery of a package.

Cash Equivalents

       Cash equivalents (short-term investments) consist of highly liquid
investments which are readily convertible into cash.  The carrying amount
approximates fair value because of the short-term maturity of these
instruments.

Common Stock Held for Stock Plans

       UPS accounts for its common stock held for distribution pursuant to
awards under the UPS Managers Incentive Plan and the UPS Stock Option Plan as a
current asset.  The liability for the amount of the annual managers incentive
award is included in accrued wages and withholdings.  Common stock held in
excess of current requirements is accounted for as a reduction in Shareowners'
Equity.

Property, Plant and Equipment

       Property, plant and equipment are carried at cost.  Depreciation
(including amortization) is provided by the straight-line method over the
estimated useful lives of the assets, which are as follows:  Vehicles - 9
years; Aircraft - 12 to 20 years; Buildings - 10 to 40 years; Leasehold
Improvements - lives of leases; Plant Equipment - 8 1/3 years.

Costs in Excess of Net Assets Acquired

       Costs in excess of net assets acquired are amortized over a 10-year
period using the straight-line method.





                                      F-8
<PAGE>   38
           UNITED PARCEL SERVICE OF AMERICA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 Years Ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992


Income Taxes

       Deferred income taxes result primarily from the use of accelerated
depreciation methods allowable for income tax purposes, certain differences in
asset lives adopted for income tax purposes, temporary differences between the
accrual and payment of employee compensation and investments in leveraged
leases.  UPS adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ("FAS") No.
96, "Accounting for Income Taxes," in 1987, and FAS 109, "Accounting for Income
Taxes," in 1993.

       The benefit of investment tax credits is amortized over seven years
except investment tax credits from the investment in leveraged leases, which is
amortized over the life of the lease.

Capitalized Interest

       Interest incurred during the construction period of certain property,
plant and equipment is capitalized until the underlying assets are placed in
service, at which time amortization of the capitalized interest begins,
straight-line, over the estimated useful lives of the related assets.
Capitalized interest was $45,400,000, $27,800,000, and $26,500,000 for 1994,
1993 and 1992, respectively.

Derivative Instruments

       UPS has entered into interest rate swap agreements to lower the
effective interest rate on its debentures.  These agreements have an average
remaining life of two years.  The periodic settlement payments are accrued
monthly, as either a charge or credit to expense, and are not material to net
income.  Based on estimates provided by third party investment bankers, the
fair value of the Company's interest rate swap agreements is not material to
the Company's financial statements.

       The Company also purchases options to reduce the impact of changes in
foreign currency rates on its foreign currency purchases and to moderate the
impact of major increases in the cost of crude oil on fuel expense.  The
options are adjusted to fair value at period end based on market quotes and are
not material to the Company's financial statements.

       UPS is exposed to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the
other parties to the interest rate swap agreements.  However, UPS does not
anticipate nonperformance by the counterparties.  UPS is exposed to market risk
based upon changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, and
crude oil prices.

Changes in Presentation

       Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the
current year presentation.





                                      F-9
<PAGE>   39
           UNITED PARCEL SERVICE OF AMERICA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 Years Ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992


2.  LONG-TERM DEBT

       Long-term debt, as of December 31, consists of the following (000's
omitted):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                1994                             1993
                                                                ----                             ----
<S>                                                         <C>                               <C>
8.375% debentures,
       due April 1, 2020                                    $  700,000                        $  700,000
Commercial paper                                               263,266                                 -
Industrial development bonds,
       Philadelphia Airport
       facilities due
       December 1, 2015                                        100,000                           100,000
Installment notes, mortgages
       and bonds                                                41,321                            30,021
Investment properties -
       nonrecourse mortgages                                    24,493                            27,833
                                                             ---------                         ---------
                                                             1,129,080                           857,854
       Less current maturities                                   1,675                             5,588
                                                             ---------                         ---------
                                                            $1,127,405                        $  852,266
                                                             =========                         =========
</TABLE>

       The debentures are not subject to redemption prior to maturity and are
not subject to sinking fund requirements.  Interest is payable semi-annually on
the first of April and October.  The average interest rate on the commercial
paper outstanding as of December 31, 1994, was 6.0%.  The commercial paper has
been classified as long-term debt in accordance with the Company's intention
and ability to refinance such obligations on a long-term basis.  However, the
amount of commercial paper outstanding in 1995 is expected to fluctuate and may
be reduced from time to time.  The industrial development bonds bear interest
at either a daily, variable, or fixed rate.  The average interest rates for
1994 and 1993 were 2.7% and 2.2%, respectively.  The installment notes,
mortgages and bonds bear interest at rates of 6.0% to 11.5%.

       The aggregate annual principal payments for the next five years,
excluding commercial paper,  are: 1995- $1,675,000; 1996- $3,720,000; 1997-
$3,105,000; 1998- $3,293,000; and 1999- $2,514,000.





                                      F-10
<PAGE>   40
           UNITED PARCEL SERVICE OF AMERICA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 Years Ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992


       Based on the borrowing rates currently available to the Company for
long-term debt with similar terms and maturities, the fair value of long-term
debt is approximately $1,127,000,000 as of December 31, 1994.

3.  COMMON STOCK PER SHARE DATA

       Per share amounts related to income are based on 580,000,000 shares in
1994 and 1993 and 595,000,000 shares in 1992 and include Common Stock Held for
Stock Plans.

4.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS AND COMMITMENTS

       UPS is a defendant in various lawsuits which arose in the normal course
of business.  In the opinion of management, none of these cases are expected to
have a material effect on the financial condition of UPS.

       Agents for the United States Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") have
asserted in reports that UPS is liable for additional tax for the 1984 through
1987 tax years.  The assertions are based in large part on the theory that UPS
is liable for tax on income of Overseas Partners Ltd. ("OPL"), a Bermuda
company, which has reinsured excess value package insurance purchased by UPS's
customers from unrelated insurers.  The adjustments sought by the agents
relating to package insurance are based on a number of inconsistent theories
and range from $97 million to $183 million of tax, plus penalties and interest,
for the period stated above.

       In addition, the agents have raised a number of other issues relating to
the timing of deductions; the characterization of expenses as capital rather
than ordinary; and UPS's entitlement to the Investment Tax Credit in the 1983
through 1987 tax years.  The adjustments sought on these issues aggregate $127
million in tax, the majority of which would reverse in future years, plus
penalties and interest.

       After consultation with legal experts, management believes there is no
merit to any material issues raised by the IRS and that the eventual resolution
of these matters will not have a material impact on the Company.  Although no
assessment has yet been made by the IRS with respect to the years 1983 through
1987, it is likely the IRS will issue a Notice of Deficiency for the years 1983
and 1984 which the company will contest through litigation.  The IRS has not
proposed adjustments for years subsequent to 1987, although the IRS may take
positions similar to those in the reports described above for periods after
1987.





                                      F-11
<PAGE>   41
           UNITED PARCEL SERVICE OF AMERICA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 Years Ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992


       UPS leases certain operating facilities and aircraft, the majority of
which are from related parties, including various UPS employee benefit plans.
These leases expire at various dates through 2030.  Total aggregate minimum
lease commitments are as follows (000's omitted):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                 Year                                          Amount
                 ----                                          ------
                 <S>                                        <C>
                 1995                                       $  256,144
                 1996                                          199,423
                 1997                                          149,484
                 1998                                          116,900
                 1999                                           98,053
                 After 1999                                    733,028
                                                            ----------
                                                            $1,553,032
                                                            ==========
</TABLE>

       UPS maintains two credit agreements with a consortium of banks which
provide revolving credit facilities of $500,000,000 each, with one expiring
June 12, 1995 and the other June 14, 1996.  At December 31, 1994, there were no
outstanding borrowings under these facilities.  As of December 31, 1994, UPS
has outstanding letters of credit totaling approximately $783,732,000 issued in
connection with routine business requirements.

       At December 31, 1994, UPS had commitments outstanding for capital
expenditures under purchase orders and contracts of approximately $3.4 billion,
of which approximately $1.2 billion is expected to be spent in 1995.

5.  EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS

       UPS maintains the UPS Retirement Plan (the "Plan").  The Plan is a
defined benefit plan which provides employees annual defined retirement
benefits.  The Plan is noncontributory and all employees who meet certain
minimum age and years of service are eligible, except those covered by certain
multi-employer plans provided for under collective bargaining agreements.

       The Plan provides for retirement benefits based on average compensation
levels earned by employees during certain years of service preceding
retirement.  The Plan's assets consist primarily of publicly traded stocks and
bonds.  In addition, the Plan's assets include 8,052,840 shares of UPS common
stock at both December 31, 1994 and 1993.  The actual earnings on the Plan's
assets were $88,944,000, $224,405,000, and $124,661,000, in 1994, 1993 and
1992, respectively.  UPS's funding policy is consistent with relevant federal
tax regulations.  Accordingly, UPS contributes amounts deductible for federal
income tax purposes.





                                      F-12
<PAGE>   42
           UNITED PARCEL SERVICE OF AMERICA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 Years Ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992


       Pension expense, consisting of various component parts, and certain
assumptions used during the years ended December 31, are as follows (000's
omitted):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                       1994                  1993                  1992
                                                       ----                  ----                  ----
<S>                                                   <C>                  <C>                    <C>
Current year's earned
   benefit                                            $115,638             $  97,230              $ 81,173
Interest on projected
   benefit obligation                                  144,585               121,934               107,646
Expected earnings on
   pension plan assets                                (151,107)             (120,655)              (99,772)
Amortization of
   unrecognized benefit
   obligation:
     Net obligation at
       transition date                                   5,203                 5,203                 5,203
     Effect of plan
       benefit amendments                               11,698                11,741                11,741
Net amortization of
   unrecognized investment 
   gains and changes in
   actuarial assumptions
   and experience                                        4,277                   -                     -  
                                                       -------               -------               -------
Provision for pension
   expense                                            $130,294              $115,453              $105,991
                                                       =======               =======               =======

Expected long-term
   rate of earnings                                        9.5%                  9.5%                  9.5%
   on plan assets                                                
Weighted average discount                                        
   rate                                                    9.0%                  7.5%                 8.25%
Rate of increase in future                                       
   compensation levels                                    4.25%                 4.25%                  5.0%
</TABLE>                                                   





                                      F-13
<PAGE>   43
           UNITED PARCEL SERVICE OF AMERICA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 Years Ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992


       The following schedule reconciles the funded status of the Plan with
certain amounts included in the balance sheet as of December 31 (000's
omitted):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            1994                  1993
                                                                            ----                  ----
 <S>                                                                     <C>                    <C>
 Projected benefit obligation:
   Accumulated benefits computed
     using present salary levels:
       Vested                                                            $1,024,811             $1,217,502
       Nonvested                                                            336,857                245,834
                                                                          ---------              ---------
                                                                          1,361,668              1,463,336
   Additional benefits computed
     using projected salary levels                                          271,651                478,213
                                                                          ---------              ---------
   Total projected benefit
     obligation                                                           1,633,319              1,941,549
 Pension plan assets                                                      1,874,126              1,645,387
                                                                          ---------              ---------
   Difference                                                               240,807               (296,162)
 Unrecognized net investment gains
   and changes in assumptions used to
   compute projected benefit                                               (323,418)               150,830
 Unrecognized net benefit obligation
   at transition date                                                        49,432                 54,635
 Unrecognized projected benefit
   obligation arising from amendments
   to the retirement plan                                                   163,450                175,149
                                                                          ---------              ---------
 Prepaid pension cost                                                    $  130,271             $   84,452
                                                                          =========              =========
</TABLE>


       UPS also contributes to several multi-employer pension plans for which
the above information is not determinable.  Amounts charged to operations for
contributions to pension plans other than the Plan described above were
$506,215,000, $455,842,000, and $407,879,000 during 1994, 1993 and 1992,
respectively.

       UPS sponsors defined benefit postretirement medical plans that provide
health care benefits to its retirees who meet certain eligibility requirements
and who are not covered by multi-employer retirement plans.  Generally, this
includes employees with at least 10 years of service who have reached age 55
and will be receiving benefits from one of the Company's retirement plans.  The
Company has the right to modify or terminate certain of these plans.
Historically, these benefits have been provided to retirees on a
noncontributory basis; however, effective January 1, 1992, the Company made
modifications which will likely result in cost sharing in the future for
certain of its retirees.





                                      F-14
<PAGE>   44
           UNITED PARCEL SERVICE OF AMERICA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 Years Ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992


       Prior to 1992, UPS had generally expensed the costs of these benefits on
a current, "pay as you go" basis.  During 1992, UPS adopted the provisions of
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for
Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions." This Statement requires accrual
of postretirement benefits, which include health care benefits, during the
years an employee provides service.

       The effect of adoption resulted in a one-time "catch-up" charge during
1992 of approximately $248.9 million, after tax, representing the cumulative
effect of the change as of January 1, 1992.  In addition to the cumulative
effect, adoption of this Statement resulted in additional charges to income in
1994, 1993 and 1992 of approximately $64,300,000, $47,500,000, and $40,300,000,
respectively, after tax ($0.11, $0.08, and $0.07 per share, respectively).
Overall, net income for 1994, 1993 and 1992 was reduced $64,300,000,
$47,500,000, and $289,200,000, respectively, as a result of adoption ($0.11,
$0.08, and $0.49 per share, respectively).

       The accumulated postretirement benefit obligation at December 31, is
detailed as follows (000's omitted):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          1994                    1993
                                                                          ----                    ----
 <S>                                                                       <C>                    <C>
 Accumulated postretirement benefit
   obligation:
      Retirees                                                             $127,771               $146,879
      Fully eligible active plan
        participants                                                         60,623                 69,933
      Other active participants                                             564,607                626,303
                                                                            -------                -------
                                                                            753,001                843,115
 Plan assets at fair value                                                  155,593                130,706
                                                                            -------                -------
 Accumulated postretirement benefit
     obligation in excess of plan
     assets                                                                 597,408                712,409
 Unrecognized net investment gains and
     changes in assumptions used to
     compute projected benefits                                              (8,548)              (193,683)
                                                                            -------                ------- 
 Accumulated postretirement benefit
   obligation, net                                                         $588,860               $518,726
                                                                            =======                =======

</TABLE>




                                      F-15
<PAGE>   45
           UNITED PARCEL SERVICE OF AMERICA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 Years Ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992


       Net periodic postretirement benefit cost for the years ended December
31, included the following components (000's omitted):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            1994               1993               1992
                                                            ----               ----               ----
 <S>                                                     <C>                <C>                  
 Service cost-benefits
   attributed to service
   during the period                                     $ 45,033           $ 34,413             $ 29,481
 Interest cost on
   accumulated postretirement 
   benefit obligation                                      65,933             54,878               44,904
 Expected earnings on
   plan assets                                            (11,930)           (11,137)              (9,069)
 Amortization of unrecognized
   amounts                                                  6,277                -                    -  
                                                          -------            -------              -------
 Net periodic postretirement
   benefit cost                                          $105,313           $ 78,154             $ 65,316
                                                          =======            =======              =======
</TABLE>


       The significant assumptions used in determining postretirement benefit
cost and the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation were as follows:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     1994            1993           1992
                                                                     ----            ----           ----
 <S>                                                                 <C>             <C>            <C>
 Expected long-term rate of return
    on plan assets                                                   9.5%            9.5%            9.5%
 Weighted average discount rate                                      9.0%            7.5%           8.25%
</TABLE>


       Future benefit costs were forecasted assuming an initial annual increase
of 10.25% for pre-65 medical costs and an increase of 9.25% for post-65 medical
costs, decreasing to 7.25% for pre-65 and 6.25% for post-65 by the year 2000
and with consistent annual increases at those ultimate levels thereafter.  A
one percentage point increase in the annual trend rate would have increased the
total accumulated postretirement benefit obligation at December 31, 1994, by
$71.8 million and the aggregate of the service and interest components of the
net periodic postretirement benefit costs for 1994 by $11.5 million.

       Plan assets consist primarily of publicly traded stocks and bonds.  The
Trust holding the Plan assets is not subject to income taxes.  UPS's funding
policy is consistent with relevant federal tax regulations.  Accordingly, UPS
contributes amounts deductible for federal income tax purposes.





                                      F-16
<PAGE>   46
           UNITED PARCEL SERVICE OF AMERICA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 Years Ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992

 
6.  MANAGEMENT INCENTIVE PLANS

       UPS maintains the UPS Managers Incentive Plan.  Persons earning the
right to receive awards are determined annually by either the Officer
Compensation Committee or the Salary Committee of the UPS Board of Directors.
Awards consist primarily of UPS common stock and cash equivalent to the tax
withholdings on such awards.  The total of all such awards is limited to 15% of
consolidated income before federal income taxes for the 12-month period ending
each September 30, exclusive of gains and losses from the sale of real estate
and stock of subsidiaries.  In addition, the cumulative effect of a change in
accounting principle was specifically excluded from the 1992 award calculation
in accordance with a vote of shareowners.  Amounts charged to operations were
$255,482,000, $217,784,000, and $198,943,000, during 1994, 1993 and 1992,
respectively.

       UPS maintains stock option plans.  Originally, these plans were
established to issue Book Value Shares.  Book Value Shares were shares of UPS
common stock with a stated value equal to the UPS book value per share as of
the year end immediately preceding the date of option grant.  Voting, dividends
and liquidation rights for the Book Value Shares were the same as for other UPS
common stock.  UPS repurchased all Book Value Shares immediately after their
issuance except for certain repurchases from officers and directors which were
deferred for up to six months.

       Except in the case of death, disability, or retirement, options are
exercisable only during a limited period after the expiration of five years
from the date of grant but are subject to earlier cancellation or exercise
under certain conditions.  The number of options and option prices for Book
Value Shares exercised under the Plans were 4,611,372 and $5.68 in 1992.  There
were no Book Value Shares exercised during 1994 or 1993.  Compensation expense
charged to operations related to exercise of these options was not material.
No further shares may be issued under the 1986 plan.

       Prior to issuing options for any Book Value Shares, the 1991 Plan was
amended during 1992 to change it to a Current Price Plan.  Under a Current
Price Plan, options are granted to purchase shares of UPS common stock at the
current price of UPS shares as determined by the Board of Directors on the date
of option grant.  Unlike Book Value Shares, the optionee may continue to hold
the shares of common stock received on exercise, subject to the terms of the
UPS Managers Stock Trust.  Persons earning the right to receive stock options
under the 1991 plan are determined each year by either the Officer Compensation
Committee or Salary Committee of the UPS Board of Directors.  Options covering
a total of 30,000,000 common shares may be granted during the five-year period
ending in 1996.

       Also during 1992, an amendment was made to the 1986 plan to allow
options on Book Value Shares issued during the period 1988 through 1991 to be
converted to Current Price options in the





                                      F-17
<PAGE>   47
           UNITED PARCEL SERVICE OF AMERICA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 Years Ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992


ratio of three common shares for five Book Value Shares.  Substantially all
holders of unexpired options for Book Value Shares elected to convert to
options for common stock as of December 31, 1992.  Following is an analysis of
options for shares of common stock issued and outstanding:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
       Stock Options                                                    Number of Shares
       -------------                                                    ----------------
       <S>                                                                  <C>
       Converted at $12.00 to $15.25 per share                              12,592,685
       Granted at $16.50 per share                                           4,259,826
       Canceled                                                                (55,777)
                                                                            ---------- 
       Outstanding at December 31, 1992                                     16,796,734
       Exercised at $12.00 per share                                        (2,734,798)
       Granted at $18.75 per share                                           4,225,850
       Canceled                                                               (236,553)
                                                                            ---------- 
       Outstanding at December 31, 1993                                     18,051,233
       Exercised at $13.38 per share                                        (2,952,522)
       Granted at $21.25 per share                                           4,056,690
       Canceled                                                               (226,724)
                                                                            ---------- 
       Outstanding at December 31, 1994                                     18,928,677
                                                                            ==========
       Exercisable at December 31, 1994                                              -
                                                                            ==========
</TABLE>

       Current Price options converted from Book Value options were issued with
exercise prices equal to the published price of UPS common stock as of the year
end immediately preceding the original date of grant.  Compensation expense
charged to operations related to these options was not material.  Options
granted during 1994, 1993 and 1992 have an exercise price equal to the current
price of a share of UPS common stock at the date of grant.

7.  INCOME TAXES

       Effective January 1, 1993, UPS adopted Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes" ("FAS 109").  FAS 109 is an
asset and liability approach that requires the recognition of deferred tax
assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that
have been recognized in the Company's financial statements or tax returns.  In
estimating future tax consequences, FAS 109 generally considers all expected
future events other than enactments of changes in the tax law or rates.
Previously, the Company used the FAS 96 asset and liability approach that gave
no recognition to future events other than the recovery of assets and
settlement of liabilities at their carrying amounts.

       The effects of adopting FAS 109 were not material to the Company's
financial position or results of operations.

       During the third quarter of 1993, the maximum U.S. federal income tax
rate for corporations was increased from 34% to 35%





                                      F-18
<PAGE>   48
           UNITED PARCEL SERVICE OF AMERICA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 Years Ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992


effective January 1, 1993.  In addition to increasing the Company's income tax
accruals for its 1993 current and deferred taxable income, the Company made a
$31.8 million adjustment to reflect the effect of the rate change on its net
deferred tax liabilities on January 1, 1993.

       The provision for income taxes for the years ended December 31, consists
of the following (000's omitted):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                       1994                  1993                   1992
                                                       ----                  ----                   ----
 <S>                                                 <C>                   <C>                    <C>
 Current:
     Federal                                         $493,417              $450,094               $331,265
     State                                             96,200                85,437                 75,361
                                                      -------               -------                -------
         Total Current                                589,617               535,531                406,626
                                                      -------               -------                -------
 Deferred:
     Federal                                           35,784                72,978                110,041
     State                                              6,646                13,553                (12,444)
                                                      -------               -------                ------- 
         Total Deferred                                42,430                86,531                 97,597
                                                      -------               -------                -------
 Total                                               $632,047              $622,062               $504,223
                                                     ========               =======                =======
</TABLE>

       Income before income taxes and cumulative effect of a change in
accounting principle includes losses of foreign subsidiaries of $172,311,000,
$169,689,000 and $114,941,000 for 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively.

       A reconciliation of the statutory federal income tax rate to the
effective income tax rate for the years ended December 31, consists of the
following:



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              1994                 1993                 1992
                                                              ----                 ----                 ----
 <S>                                                         <C>                  <C>                   <C>     
 Statutory federal income                                                                                      
    tax rate                                                 35.0%                35.0%                 34.0%   
 Amortization of                                                                                               
    investment tax credits                                   (0.3)                (0.5)                 (0.8)  
 Effect of federal rate                                                                                        
    change on deferred                                                                                         
    liabilities                                                 -                  2.2                     -   
 State income taxes                                                                                            
    (net of federal benefit)                                  4.3                  4.5                   5.1   
 Other                                                        1.1                  2.2                   1.4   
                                                             ----                 ----                  ----   
 Effective income tax rate                                   40.1%                43.4%                 39.7%   
                                                             ====                 ====                  ====    
</TABLE>                                                                    





                                      F-19
<PAGE>   49
           UNITED PARCEL SERVICE OF AMERICA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 Years Ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992


       Deferred tax liabilities and assets are comprised of the following at
December 31 (000's omitted):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           1994                     1993
                                                                           ----                     ----
<S>                                                                     <C>                      <C>
Excess of tax over book
   depreciation                                                         $1,206,711               $1,164,455
Differences in timing of
   deductions relating to:
     Leveraged leases                                                      222,308                  243,457
     UPS Retirement Plan                                                   127,733                   98,922
     Prepaid insurance                                                      90,410                   41,943
Other                                                                      258,895                  241,408
                                                                         ---------                ---------
Gross deferred tax liabilities                                           1,906,057                1,790,185
                                                                         ---------                ---------

Other postretirement
   benefits not currently
   deductible                                                              241,476                  203,172
Loss carryforwards
   (international)                                                         263,314                  199,351
Insurance reserves not currently
   deductible                                                               86,384                   58,542
Other                                                                       65,887                   57,191
                                                                         ---------                ---------
Gross deferred tax assets                                                  657,061                  518,256
Deferred tax assets valuation
   allowance                                                              (263,314)                (199,351)
                                                                         ---------                --------- 
                                                                           393,747                  318,905
                                                                         ---------                ---------
Net deferred tax liability                                              $1,512,310               $1,471,280
                                                                         =========                =========
</TABLE>

       The valuation allowance increased approximately $64,000,000 and
$90,000,000 during the years ended December 31, 1994 and 1993, respectively.


                                      F-20
<PAGE>   50
           UNITED PARCEL SERVICE OF AMERICA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 Years Ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992


       The tax effects of items included in the deferred tax provision for
1992, consist of the following (000's omitted):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                       1992
                                                                       ----
 <S>                                                                 <C>
 Excess of tax over book
    depreciation                                                     $ 55,988
 Differences in timing of
    deduction for certain
    accrued expenses                                                  152,543
 Other postretirement benefits
    not currently deductible                                          (25,009)
 Amortization of
    investment tax credits                                            (14,541)
 Other                                                                (71,384)
                                                                      ------- 
 Total deferred tax provision                                        $ 97,597
                                                                      =======
</TABLE>

       UPS has international loss carryforwards of approximately $598,000,000
as of December 31, 1994.  Of this amount, $337,000,000 expires in varying
amounts through 2000.  The remaining $261,000,000 may be carried forward
indefinitely.

8.  OTHER ASSETS

       Other assets, as of December 31, consist of the following (000's
omitted):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   1994                   1993
                                                                   ----                   ----
 <S>                                                             <C>                    <C>
 Leveraged leases                                                $233,639               $289,838
 Other long-term investments                                       68,796                 38,166
 Costs in excess of net assets acquired                            88,748                 99,226  
                                                                  -------                -------  
                                                                 $391,183               $427,230  
                                                                  =======                =======  
                                                                                                  
</TABLE>                                                          





                                      F-21
<PAGE>   51
           UNITED PARCEL SERVICE OF AMERICA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 Years Ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992


Leveraged Leases

       The net investment in leveraged leases, as of December 31, consists of
the following (000's omitted):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            1994                  1993
                                                                            ----                  ----
 <S>                                                                     <C>                   <C>
 Rentals receivable
    (net of nonrecourse
     debt payments)                                                      $ 174,682             $ 219,524
 Estimated residual values                                                  81,665                98,360
 Unearned income                                                           (22,708)              (28,046)
                                                                          --------               ------- 
 Long-term investments in
    leveraged leases                                                       233,639               289,838
 Deferred income taxes                                                    (222,308)             (243,457)
 Deferred investment
    tax credits                                                            (16,753)              (22,561)
                                                                          --------               ------- 
 Net investment in
    leveraged leases                                                     $  (5,422)            $  23,820
                                                                          ========              ========
</TABLE>

       Unearned income on each leveraged lease is amortized to provide an
approximate level rate of return when compared to UPS's unrecovered net
investment.

9.  DEFERRED TAXES, CREDITS AND OTHER LIABILITIES

       Deferred taxes, credits and other liabilities, as of December 31,
consist of the following (000's omitted):



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          1994                   1993
                                                                          ----                   ----
 <S>                                                                    <C>                   <C>
 Deferred federal and state
    income taxes                                                        $1,376,050            $1,396,736
 Deferred investment tax
    credits                                                                 19,747                26,133
 Other credits and noncurrent
    liabilities                                                            520,608               456,375
                                                                         ---------             ---------
                                                                        $1,916,405            $1,879,244
                                                                         =========             =========
</TABLE>





                                      F-22
<PAGE>   52
           UNITED PARCEL SERVICE OF AMERICA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 Years Ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992


10.  SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION

       UPS operates primarily in one industry segment, transportation services,
which is comprised principally of domestic and international package delivery.
Information about operations in different geographic segments for the years
ended December 31, is shown below (000's omitted):



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               1994                  1993                    1992
                                               ----                  ----                    ----
<S>                                        <C>                   <C>                    <C>
Domestic:
   Revenue                                 $17,297,843           $15,822,558            $14,721,686
   Income before income                                          
     taxes                                 $ 1,902,140           $ 1,698,299            $ 1,545,484
   Identifiable assets                     $ 9,886,634           $ 8,359,395            $ 7,873,398

Foreign:
   Revenue                                 $ 2,277,847           $ 1,959,795            $ 1,796,935
   Loss before income
     taxes                                 $  (326,764)          $  (266,602)           $  (276,189)
   Identifiable assets                     $ 1,295,770           $ 1,214,436            $ 1,164,419

Consolidated:
   Revenue                                 $19,575,690           $17,782,353            $16,518,621
   Income before income                                          
     taxes                                 $ 1,575,376           $ 1,431,697            $ 1,269,295
   Identifiable assets                     $11,182,404           $ 9,573,831            $ 9,037,817
                                                                                                   
</TABLE>                                                         

       Foreign operations include shipments which either originate in or are
destined to foreign (non-U.S.) locations.  Foreign revenues attributable to
shipments which originated in the U.S. totaled  $495,957,000, $390,984,000, and
$323,732,000 in 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively.

11.  OTHER OPERATING EXPENSES

       The major components of other operating expenses for the years ended
December 31, are as follows (000's omitted):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        1994                  1993                   1992
                                                        ----                  ----                   ----
<S>                                                 <C>                    <C>                   <C>
Repairs and maintenance                             $  870,894             $  829,080            $  792,251
Depreciation and
   amortization                                        786,122                691,397               662,031
Purchased transportation                             1,284,736              1,180,706             1,183,181
Fuel                                                   564,359                553,697               531,372
Other occupancy expense                                361,212                370,520               383,677
Other expenses                                       2,425,614              2,038,200             1,980,532
                                                     ---------              ---------             ---------
                                                    $6,292,937             $5,663,600            $5,533,044
                                                     =========              =========             =========
</TABLE>





                                      F-23
<PAGE>   53


________________________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________________________

                      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                                       
                            Washington, D.C.  20549
                                       
                                       
                            _______________________
                                       
                                       
                                   EXHIBITS
                                       
                                      TO
                                       
                                   FORM 10-K
                                       
                                       
                                       
                                 ANNUAL REPORT
                                       
                                       
                                       
                  FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1994
                                       
                            _______________________




                                       
                             UNITED PARCEL SERVICE
                               OF AMERICA, INC.




________________________________________________________________________________
_______________________________________________________________________________
<PAGE>   54


                                       
                                 EXHIBIT INDEX


(3)      Articles of Incorporation and By-laws.
                                               
         (a)     Restated Certif-              Incorporated by Reference to
                 icate of Incorpo-             Exhibit 4(iv) to Form S-8
                 ration of UPS.                Registration Statement
                                               (No. 33-19622).
                                               
         (b)     By-laws of UPS as             Incorporated by Reference
                 amended through               to Exhibit 3(b) to 1991
                 February 21, 1992.            Annual Report on Form 10-K.
                                               
(4)      Instruments defining the              
         rights of security holders,           
         including indentures.                 
                                               
         (a)     Specimen Certif-              Incorporated by Reference to
                 icate of Capital              Exhibit 3(a) to Form 10, as
                 Stock of UPS.                 filed April 29, 1970.
                                               
         (b)     UPS Managers Stock            Incorporated by Reference to
                 Trust Agreement.              Exhibit 2 to Registration
                                               Statement No. 2-46382.
                                               
         (c)     Specimen Certificate          Incorporated by Reference to
                 of 8 3/8% Debentures          Exhibit 4(c) to Registration
                 due April 1, 2020.            Statement No. 33-32481.
                                               
         (d)     Indenture relating to         Incorporated by Reference to
                 8 3/8% Debentures             Exhibit 4(c) to Registration
                 due April 1, 2020.            Statement No. 33-32481.
                                               
(10)     Material Contracts.                   
                                               
         (a)     UPS Thrift Plan, as           
                 Amended and Restated          
                 January 1, 1976, in-          
                 cluding Amendments            
                 Nos. 1 and 2.                 
                                               
                 (1)   Amendment               Incorporated by Reference to
                       No. 3 to the            Exhibit 20(b) to 1980 Annual
                       UPS Thrift Plan.        Report on Form 10-K.
                                               
                 (2)   Amendment               Incorporated by Reference to
                       No. 4 to the            Exhibit 20(b) to 1981 Annual
                       UPS Thrift Plan.        Report on Form 10-K.
                                               
                                               
                                               
                                               
                                               
                                      
                                     E-1
<PAGE>   55
                                               
                                               
                                               
                 (3)   Amendment               Incorporated by Reference to
                       No. 5 to the            Exhibit 19(b) to 1983 Annual
                       UPS Thrift Plan.        Report on Form 10-K.
                                               
                 (4)   Amendment               Incorporated by Reference to
                       No. 6 to the            Exhibit 10(a)(4) to 1985
                       UPS Thrift Plan.        Annual Report on Form 10-K.
                                               
                 (5)   Amendment               Incorporated by Reference to
                       No. 7 to the            Exhibit 10(a)(5) to 1985
                       UPS Thrift Plan.        Annual Report on Form 10-K.
                                               
                 (6)   Amendment               Incorporated by Reference to
                       No. 8 to the            Exhibit 10(a)(6) to 1987
                       UPS Thrift Plan.        Annual Report on Form 10-K.
                                               
                 (7)   Amendment               Incorporated by Reference to
                       No. 9 to the            Exhibit 10(a)(7) to 1987
                       UPS Thrift Plan.        Annual Report on Form 10-K.
                                               
                 (8)   Amendment               Incorporated by Reference to
                       No. 10 to the           Exhibit 10(a)(8) to 1990
                       UPS Thrift Plan.        Annual Report on Form 10-K.
                                               
                 (9)   Amendment               Incorporated by Reference to
                       No. 11 to the           Exhibit 10(a)(9) to 1991
                       UPS Thrift Plan.        Annual Report on Form 10-K.
                                               
               (10)    Amendment               Incorporated by Reference to
                       No. 12 to the           Exhibit 10(a)(10) to 1991
                       UPS Thrift Plan.        Annual Report on Form 10-K.
                                               
               (11)    Amendment               Incorporated by Reference to
                       No. 13 to the           Exhibit 10(a)(11) to 1991
                       UPS Thrift Plan.        Annual Report on Form 10-K.
                                               
               (12)    Amendment               Incorporated by Reference to
                       No. 14 to the           Exhibit 10(a)(12) to 1991
                       UPS Thrift Plan.        Annual Report on Form 10-K.
                                               
               (13)    Amendment               Incorporated by Reference to
                       No. 15 to the           Exhibit 10(a)(13) to 1992
                       UPS Thrift Plan.        Annual Report on Form 10-K.
                                               
               (14)    Amendment No. 16        Incorporated by Reference to
                       to the UPS Thrift       Exhibit 10(a)(14) to 1993
                       Plan                    Annual Report on Form 10-K
                                               
               (15)    Amendment               Incorporated by Reference to
                       No. 17 to the UPS       Exhibit 10(a)(15) to 1994
                       Thrift Plan             Annual Report on Form 10-K
                                               
               (16)    Amendment No. 18 to     Filed herewith.
                       the UPS Thrift Plan     
                                               
               (17)    Amendment No. 19 to     Filed herewith.
                       the UPS Thrift Plan     
                                               
         (b)   UPS Retirement Plan             Incorporated by Reference to
               (including amend-               Exhibit 9 to 1979 Annual
               ments 1 through 4).             Report on Form 10-K.
                                               
                                               
                                               
                                               
                                      
                                     E-2
<PAGE>   56
                                               
                                               
               (1)     Amendment No. 5         Incorporated by Reference to
                       to the UPS Re-          Exhibit 20(a) to 1980 Annual
                       tirement Plan.          Report on Form 10-K.
                                               
               (2)     Amendment No. 6         Incorporated by Reference to
                       to the UPS Re-          Exhibit 19(a) to 1983 Annual
                       tirement Plan.          Report on Form 10-K.
                                               
               (3)     Amendment No. 7         Incorporated by Reference to
                       to the UPS Re-          Exhibit 10(b)(3) to 1984
                       tirement Plan.          Annual Report on Form 10-K.
                                               
               (4)     Amendment No. 8         Incorporated by Reference to
                       to the UPS Re-          Exhibit 10(b)(4) to 1985
                       tirement Plan.          Annual Report on Form 10-K.
                                               
               (5)     Amendment No. 9         Incorporated by Reference to
                       to the UPS Re-          Exhibit 10(b)(5) to 1986
                       tirement Plan.          Annual Report on Form 10-K.
                                               
               (6)     Amendment No. 10        Incorporated by Reference to
                       to the UPS Re-          Exhibit 19(a) to 1988 Annual
                       tirement Plan.          Report on Form 10-K.
                                               
               (7)     Amendment No. 11        Incorporated by Reference to
                       to the UPS Re-          Exhibit 19(b) to 1988 Annual
                       tirement Plan.          Report on Form 10-K.
                                               
               (8)     Amendment No. 12        Incorporated by Reference to
                       to the UPS Re-          Exhibit 10(b)(8) to 1989
                       tirement Plan.          Annual Report on Form 10-K.
                                               
               (9)     Amendment No. 13        Incorporated by Reference to
                       to the UPS Re-          Exhibit 10(b)(9) to 1989
                       tirement Plan.          Annual Report on Form 10-K.
                                               
               (10)    Amendment No. 14        Incorporated by Reference to
                       to the UPS Re-          Exhibit 10(b)(10) to 1990
                       tirement Plan.          Annual Report on Form 10-K.
                                               
               (11)    Amendment No. 15        Incorporated by Reference
                       to the UPS Re-          to Exhibit 10(b)(11) to
                       tirement Plan.          1992 Annual Report on
                                               Form 10-K.
                                               
               (12)    Amendment No. 16        Filed herewith.
                       to the UPS              
                       Retirement Plan         
                                               
               (13)    Amendment No. 17        Filed herewith.
                       to the UPS              
                       Retirement Plan         
                                               
         (c)   UPS Managers                    Incorporated by Reference to
               Incentive Plan                  definitive Proxy Statement
               (as amended).                   for 1992 Special Meeting of
                                               Shareowners.
                                               
         (d)   1986 UPS Stock Option           Incorporated by Reference to
               Plan, as amended                Exhibit 4(iv) to Form S-8
               through March 5, 1987.          Registration Statement
                                               (No. 33-12576).
                                               
                                               
                                               
                                               
                                      

                                     E-3
<PAGE>   57
                                               
                                               
               (1)     Amendment to UPS        Incorporated by Reference to
                       1986 Stock Option       Exhibit 10(e)(1) to 1987
                       Plan adopted            Annual Report on Form 10-K.
                       November 30, 1987.      
                                               
               (2)     Amendment to UPS        Incorporated by Reference
                       1986 Stock Option       Exhibit 10(e)(2) to 1992
                       Plan adopted            Annual Report on Form
                       October 30, 1992.       10-K.
                                               
         (e)   Intentionally omitted.        
                                               
         (f)   Agreement and Plan of           Incorporated by Reference
               Reorganization, dated           to Exhibit l(a) to Amend-
               December 4, 1979, by            ment No. 1 to Form S-14,
               and between United              Registration No. 2-65859.
               Parcel Service of             
               America, Inc. and             
               Parmac Corporation.           
                                               
         (g)   Agreement and Plan of           Incorporated by Reference
               Reorganization, dated           to Exhibit l(b) to Amend-
               December 4, 1979, by            ment No. 1 to Form S-14,
               and between United              Registration No. 2-65859.
               Parcel Service of             
               America, Inc. and             
               Nuparmac Corporation.         
                                               
         (h)   Agreement and Plan of           Incorporated by Reference
               Reorganization, dated           to Exhibit l(c) to Amend-
               December 4, 1979, by            ment No. 1 to Form S-14,
               and between United              Registration No. 2-65859.
               Parcel Service of             
               America, Inc. and Parco       
               Managers Corporation.         
                                               
         (i)   Indemnification Con-            Incorporated by Reference to
               tracts or Arrangements.         Item 8 of Form 10, as filed
                                               April 29, 1970.
                                               
         (j)   Agreement of Sale be-           Incorporated by Reference to
               tween Delaware County           Exhibit 10(m) to 1985 Annual
               Industrial Development          Report on Form 10-K.
               Authority and Penallen        
               Corporation, dated as         
               of December 1, 1985;          
               Remarketing Agreement,        
               dated as of December 1,       
               1985, among United Parcel     
               Service of America, Inc.,     
               Penallen Corporation and      
               Salomon Brothers Inc.;        
               Guarantee Agreement,          
               dated as of December 1,       
               1985, between United Par-     
               cel Service of America,       
               Inc. and Irving Trust         
               Company; Guarantee by         
               United Parcel Service         
               of America, Inc. to Dela-     
               ware County Industrial        
               Development Authority,        
                                               
                                               
                                               
                                               
                                               

                                     E-4
<PAGE>   58

               dated as of December 1,       
               1985.                         
                                               
         (k)   Participation Agree-            Incorporated by Reference to
               ment, dated November 17,        Exhibit 10(k) to 1989 Annual
               1986, among United              Report on Form 10-K.
               Parcel Service Co.            
               ("UPS Co."), Bankers          
               Trust Company, as Trustee     
               under a Master Trust          
               Agreement for the bene-       
               fit of the participants       
               and the beneficiaries of      
               the UPS Thrift Plan and       
               the UPS Retirement Plan,      
               Overseas Partners Ltd.,       
               Wilmington Trust Company      
               and The Connecticut           
               National Bank ("Owner         
               Trustee").                    
                                               
         (l)   Aircraft Purchase               Incorporated by Reference to
               Agreement, dated                Exhibit 10(l) to 1989 Annual
               November 5, 1986,               Report on Form 10-K.
               between UPS Co. and           
               the Owner Trustee.            
                                               
         (m)   Lease Agreement,                Incorporated by Reference to
               dated November 17,              Exhibit 10(m) to 1989 Annual
               1986, between UPS               Report on Form 10-K.
               Co. and the Owner             
               Trustee                       
                                               
         (n)   Guarantee Agree-                Incorporated by Reference to
               ment between United             Exhibit 10(n) to 1989 Annual
               Parcel Service of               Report on Form 10-K.
               America, Inc., as             
               Guarantor and the             
               Owner Trustee.                
                                               
         (o)   Receivables Purchase            Incorporated by Reference to
               and Sale Agreement,             Exhibit 10(l) to 1987 Annual
               dated as of Novem-              Report on Form 10-K.
               ber 24, 1987, among           
               United Parcel Service,        
               Inc., an Ohio corpora-        
               tion, United Parcel           
               Service, Inc., a New          
               York corporation,             
               United Parcel Service         
               of America, Inc., Coop-       
               erative Receivables           
               Corporation and Citicorp      
               North America, Inc.           
                                               
         (p)   Receivables Purchase            Incorporated by Reference to
               and Sale Agreement,             Exhibit 10(m) to 1987 Annual
               dated as of November 24,        Report on Form 10-K.
               1987, among United            
               Parcel Service, Inc.,         
               an Ohio corporation,          
               United Parcel Service,        
                                               
                                               
                                               
                                               
                                               

                                     E-5
<PAGE>   59
                                               
                                               
               Inc., a New York cor-         
               poration, United Parcel       
               Service of America,           
               Inc., Citibank, N.A.,         
               and Citicorp North            
               America, Inc.                 
                                               
         (q)   Membership Agreement,           Incorporated by Reference to
               dated as of November 24,        Exhibit 10(n) to 1987 Annual
               1987, by and between            on Form 10-K.
               Cooperative Receivables       
               Corporation and United        
               Parcel Service of             
               America, Inc.                 
                                               
         (r)   Amended and Restated            Incorporated by Reference to
               Facility Lease Agree-           Exhibit 10(r) to 1990 Annual
               ment, dated as of               Report on Form 10-K.
               November 6, 1990,             
               among Overseas Part-          
               ners Leasing, Inc.,           
               United Parcel Service         
               General Services Co.          
               and United Parcel             
               Service of America,           
               Inc.                          
                                               
         (s)   Amended and Restated            Incorporated by Reference to
               Aircraft Lease Agree-           Exhibit 10(s) to 1990 Annual
               ment, dated as of               Report on Form 10-K.
               November 6, 1990,             
               among Overseas Part-          
               ners Leasing, Inc.,           
               United Parcel Service         
               Co. and United Parcel         
               Service of America, Inc.      
                                               
         (t)   Agreement of Sale,              Incorporated by Reference to
               dated as of December 28,        Exhibit 10(t) to 1989 Annual
               1989, between Edison            Report on Form 10-K.
               Corporation and Over-         
               seas Partners Leasing,        
               Inc.                          
                                               
         (u)   Assignment and Assump-          Incorporated by Reference to
               tion Agreement, dated           Exhibit 10(u) to 1989 Annual
               as of December 28, 1989,        Report on Form 10-K.
               between and among Edison      
               Corporation, Overseas         
               Partners Leasing, Inc.,       
               McBride Enterprises, Inc.     
               and Ramapo Ridge-McBride      
               Office Park.                  
                                               
         (v)   UPS Deferred Compensation       Incorporated by Reference to
               Plan for Non-Employee           Exhibit 10(v) to 1990 Annual
               Directors                       Report on Form 10-K.
                                               
         (w)   UPS Retirement Plan for         Incorporated by Reference to
               Outside Directors               Exhibit 10(w) to 1990 Annual
                                               Report on Form 10-K.
                                               
                                               
                                               
                                               
                                               

                                     E-6
<PAGE>   60
                                               
         (x)   UPS Savings Plan, as            Incorporated by Reference to
               Amended and Restated,           Exhibit 10(x) to 1990 Annual
               including Amendments            Report on Form 10-K.
               No. 1-5.                      
                                               
               (1)   Amendment No. 6 to        Incorporated by Reference to
                     the UPS Savings Plan      Exhibit 10(x)(1) to 1990
                                               Annual Report on Form 10-K.
                                               
               (2)   Amendment No. 7 to        Incorporated by Reference to
                     the UPS Savings Plan      Exhibit 10(x)(2) to 1991
                                               Annual Report on Form 10-K.
                                               
               (3)   Amendment No. 8 to        Incorporated by Reference
                     the UPS Savings Plan      to Exhibit 10(x)(3) to
                                               1992 Annual Report on
                                               Form 10-K.
                                               
               (4)   Amendment No. 9 to        Incorporated by Reference
                     the UPS Savings Plan      to Exhibit 10(x)(4) to 1992
                                               Annual Report on Form 10-K.
                                               
               (5)   Amendment No. 10 to       Incorporated by Reference
                     the UPS Savings Plan      to Exhibit 10(x)(5) to 1992
                                               Annual Report on Form 10-K.
                                               
               (6)   Amendment No. 11 to       Filed herewith.
                     the UPS Savings Plan    
                                               
               (7)   Amendment No. 12 to       Filed herewith.
                     the UPS Savings Plan    
                                               
               (8)   Amendment No. 13 to       Filed herewith.
                     the UPS Savings Plan    
                                               
               (9)   Amendment No. 14 to       Filed herewith.
                     the UPS Savings Plan    
                                               
               (10)  Amendment No. 15 to       Filed herewith.
                     the UPS Savings Plan    
                                               
         (y)   Competitive Advance and         Incorporated by Reference to
               Revolving Credit Facility       Exhibit 10(y) to 1990 Annual
               Agreement, dated as of          Report on Form 10-K.
               May 7, 1990 among UPS,          
               named banks and Chemical        
               Bank, as Agent.                 
                                               
               (1)   Letter, dated Nov-        Incorporated by Reference to
                     ember 13, 1990 re-        Exhibit 10(y)(1) to 1990
                     ducing commitment         Annual Report on Form 10-K.
                     under Competitive         
                     Advance and               
                     Revolving Credit          
                     Facility Agreement.     
                                               
         (z)   UPS 1991 Stock Option           Incorporated by Reference to
               Plan (Amended and               Exhibit 10(z) to 1991 Annual.
               Restated as of                  Report on Form 10-K.
               February 20, 1992).             
                                               
                                               
                                               
                                               

                                     E-7
<PAGE>   61
                                               
                                               
                                               
         (aa)    UPS Coordinating Benefit      Incorporated by Reference to
                 Plan.                         Exhibit 10(aa) to 1991
                                               Annual Report on Form 10-K.
                                               
                 (1)   Amendment No. 1 to      Incorporated by Reference
                       UPS Coordinating        to Exhibit 10(aa)(1) to
                       Benefit Plan.           1992 Annual Report on
                                               Form 10-K.
                                               
                 (2)   Amendment No. 2 to      Incorporated by Reference
                       UPS Coordinating        to Exhibit 10(aa)(2) to
                       Benefit Plan.           1992 Annual Report on
                                               Form 10-K.
                                               
                                               
(21)     Subsidiaries of the                   Filed herewith as Exhibit
         Registrant.                           21.
                                               
(23)     Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP.     Filed herewith as Exhibit
                                               23.
                                               
(27)     Financial Data Schedule               Filed herewith as Exhibit
                                               27 (for SEC use only).






                                     E-8
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.(A)(16)
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT # 18 TO THE UPS THRIFT PLAN
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                              EXHIBIT 10(a)(16)


                                AMENDMENT NO. 18
                                     TO THE
                                UPS THRIFT PLAN


             WHEREAS, United Parcel Service of America, Inc. and its affiliated
corporations heretofore established, effective as of July 14, 1960, the UPS
Thrift Plan (the "Plan") for the benefit of their eligible employees in order
to provide benefits to those employees upon their retirement, death or other
separation from service; and

             WHEREAS, the Plan, as adopted and amended from time to time, was
amended and restated in its entirety, effective as of January 1, 1976, to
comply with the requirements of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974 ("ERISA"); and

             WHEREAS, the Plan has been amended further since January 1, 1976,
the most recent amendment being Amendment No. 17 which was adopted January 7,
1994; and

             WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of United Parcel Service of
America, Inc. desires to amend the Plan further to provide to distributees of
eligible rollover distributions from this Plan the option of transferring such
distributions directly to another eligible retirement plan.

             NOW, THEREFORE, pursuant to the authority vested in the Board of
Directors of United Parcel Service of America, Inc., by Section 16.1 of the
Plan, it is hereby amended as follows,





<PAGE>   2

effective for distributions made on or after January 1, 1993:

             1.   A new Section 10.5 is added to read as follows:

             Section 10.5  Direct Rollover.

                  (a)      With respect to any distribution described in this
             Plan which constitutes an eligible rollover distribution within
             the meaning of Code Section 401(a)(31)(C), the distributee thereof
             shall, in accordance with procedures established by the Committee,
             be afforded the opportunity to direct that such distribution be
             transferred directly to the trustee of an eligible retirement plan
             (a "direct rollover").  For purposes of the foregoing sentence, an
             "eligible retirement plan" is (1) a qualified trust within the
             meaning of Code Section 402 which is a defined contribution plan
             the terms of which permit the acceptance of rollover
             distributions, (2) an individual retirement account or annuity
             within the meaning of Code Section 408 (other than an endowment
             contract), or (3) an annuity plan within the meaning of Code
             Section 403(a), which is specified by the distributee in such form
             and at such time as the Committee may prescribe.

                  (b)      Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the distributee
             elects to have his or her eligible rollover distribution paid in
             part to him or her and paid in part as a direct rollover:

                          (A)  The direct rollover must be in an amount of $500
             or more.

                          (B)   A direct rollover to two or more eligible
             retirement plans shall not be permitted.

                  (c)     The Committee shall, within a reasonable period of
             time prior to making an eligible rollover distribution from this
             Plan, provide a written explanation to the distributee of the
             direct rollover option described above, as well as the provisions





                                      -2-
<PAGE>   3

             under which such distribution will not be subject to tax if
             transferred to an eligible retirement plan within 60 days after
             the date on which the distributee received the distribution.

             2.   Section 18.13 is revised in its entirety to read as follows:

             Section 18.13  Withholding of Income Tax.


                  (a)     Notification of Withholding of Federal Income Tax.
             All Participants and beneficiaries entitled to receive benefits
             under the Plan shall be notified of the Plan's obligation to
             withhold federal income tax from any benefits payable pursuant to
             the terms of the Plan.  Such notice shall be in writing, be given
             at the times set forth in subsection (b) and contain the
             information set forth in subsection (c) of this Section.

                  (b)     Time of Notice.  The notice described in subsection
             (a) shall be provided not earlier than six months before such
             payment is to be made and not later than the time the Participant
             or beneficiary is furnished with his or her claim for benefits
             application.

                  (c)     Content of the Notice.  The notice required by
             subsection (a) shall, at a minimum:

                          (1)  with respect to any distribution which is an
             eligible rollover distribution within the meaning of Code Section
             3405(c)(3) (other than an eligible rollover distribution of less
             than $200 which is exempt from withholding under regulations
             prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury), advise the payee
             that there shall be withheld from such distribution an amount
             equal to 20 percent thereof (or such other amount as may from time
             to time be prescribed by the Code, or the Secretary of the
             Treasury or his delegate), unless the payee directs the Committee
             to transfer such distribution as a direct





                                      -3-
<PAGE>   4

             rollover to an eligible retirement plan, within the meaning of
             Section 10.5(a) hereof, in accordance with such procedures as the
             Committee may prescribe (a "transfer direction"),

                          (2)  with respect to any distribution which is not an
             eligible rollover distribution within the meaning of Code Section
             3405(c)(3):

                          (A)  advise the payee of his or her right to elect not
             to have withholding apply to any payment or distribution and
             explain the manner in which such election may be made, and include
             or indicate the source of any forms necessary to make the
             election;

                          (B)  advise the payee that penalties may be incurred
             under the estimated tax payment rules if the payee's payments of
             estimated tax are not adequate and sufficient tax is not withheld
             from payments under this Plan; and

                          (C)  advise the payee that the election not to have
             federal income tax withheld from benefits is prospective only and
             that any election made after a payment or distribution to the
             payee is not an election with respect to such payment or
             distribution.

                  (d)     Effective Date of Elections.  Any transfer direction,
             election or revocation of any election by a payee shall become
             effective immediately upon receipt by the Committee of the
             transfer direction, election or revocation.  Thereafter, the
             Committee shall, unless otherwise provided by applicable law,
             regulation or other guidance by the Secretary of the Treasury or
             his delegate, withhold federal income tax in accordance or
             consistent with the instructions filed by the payee.

                  (e)     Failure to Make Election.

                          (1)  In the case of an eligible rollover distribution,
             if the payee fails to provide the Committee with a transfer
             direction, the Committee shall withhold an amount equal to 20% of
             the amount of the distribution





                                      -4-
<PAGE>   5

             (or such other amount as may be from time to time prescribed by
             the Code, or the Secretary of the Treasurer or his delegate).

                          (2)  In the case of a distribution which is not an
             eligible rollover distribution, if the payee fails to provide the
             Committee with a withholding certificate, the Committee shall
             withhold an amount equal to 10% of the amount of the distribution.

                  (f)     Coordination with Internal Revenue Code and
             Regulations.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee shall
             discharge its withholding and notice obligations in accordance
             with the Code and regulations and such other guidance with respect
             thereto as may be promulgated from time to time by the Secretary
             of the Treasury or his delegate.


             IN WITNESS WHEREOF, United Parcel Service of America, Inc., based
upon action by the Board of Directors, has caused this Amendment No. 18 to be
executed this 28th day of February, 1994.


ATTEST:                            UNITED PARCEL SERVICE OF
                                   AMERICA, INC.

By:                                                              
   ----------------------------    ------------------------------
                                   Chairman




                                      -5-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.(A)(17)
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT # 19 TO THE UPS THRIFT PLAN
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                               EXHIBIT 10(a)(17)



                                AMENDMENT NO. 19
                                     TO THE
                                UPS THRIFT PLAN

       WHEREAS, United Parcel Service of America, Inc. and its affiliated
corporations heretofore established, effective as of July 14, 1960, the UPS
Thrift Plan (the "Plan") for the benefit of their eligible employees in order
to provide benefits to those employees upon their retirement, death or other
separation from service; and

       WHEREAS, the Plan, as adopted and amended from time to time, was amended
and restated in its entirety, effective as of January 1, 1976, to comply with
the requirements of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974
("ERISA"); and

       WHEREAS, the Plan has been amended further since January 1, 1976, the
most recent amendment being Amendment No. 18, effective January 1, 1993; and

       WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of United Parcel Service of America,
Inc. desires to amend the Plan further to permit Employer contributions to be
matched with participants voluntary savings contributions for
non-discrimination testing and other purposes.

       NOW THEREFORE, pursuant to the authority vested in the Board of
Directors of United Parcel Service of America, Inc. by Section 16.1 of the
Plan, the Plan is hereby amended as follows, effective January 1, 1994 except
as otherwise noted:

       1.    Section 4.3 is revised by deleting the words "limitations provided
in Section 5.6(b)(2) and Article VI of the Plan" and by inserting in lieu
thereof the words "limitations provided in Sections 5.6(b)(3), 6.1 and 6.2 of
the Plan."

       2.    Section 5.6(b) is amended in its entirety to read as follows:

             (b)  (1)     As of the end of each calendar year the Committee
                          shall, subject to paragraph (3) below, credit each
                          eligible Participant's Employer Contributions Account
                          in the General Fund with that part of the Employer's
                          Basic Contribution for the year as bears the same
                          ratio to such contribution as the average monthly
                          balance during the year of the Participant's combined
                          Participant Savings Account, Employer Contributions





                                      
<PAGE>   2

                          Account and Participant Investment Income Account
                          bears to the aggregate average monthly balances of
                          all Participants in the three accounts of the General
                          Fund.

                  (2)     A Participant shall be eligible to share the
                          allocation of the Employer Basic Contribution for the
                          Plan Year only if (A) the Participant has an Employer
                          Contribution Account in the General Fund on January 1
                          of the Plan Year following the Plan Year for which
                          the Employer's Basic Contribution is made and (B) the
                          Participant in fact made one or more voluntary
                          savings contributions pursuant to Article III
                          (including weekly cash payments in lieu of payroll
                          deductions pursuant to the subsections 3.2(b) and
                          (c)) which were allocated to his or her Participant
                          Savings Account for the Plan Year for which the
                          Employer Basic Contribution is being made.

                  (3)     Notwithstanding the foregoing, no amount in excess of
                          four thousand dollars ($4,000) shall be allocated to
                          a Participant as an Employer Basic Contribution with
                          respect the any calendar year, and if the Participant
                          ceased participation during a calendar year the four
                          thousand dollar limit shall be reduced to an amount
                          which shall be determined by multiplying the four
                          thousand dollar limit by a fraction, the numerator of
                          which is the number of wholly or partially completed
                          calendar months of participation during said calendar
                          year, and the denominator of which is 12.  Any amount
                          in excess of the dollar limitations determined under
                          the preceding sentences shall reduce the Employer's
                          Tentative Basic Contribution to arrive at the
                          Employer's Basic Contribution to be made under the
                          Plan.

                  (4)     Effective for the Employer Basic Contribution for the
                          1994 and subsequent Plan Years, that portion of the
                          Employer Benefit Contribution allocated to the
                          account of a Participant who is a Highly Compensated
                          Employee, which, when combined with the Participant's
                          voluntary savings contributions pursuant to Article
                          III, exceeds the contribution limitations for Highly
                          Compensated Employees pursuant to Section 6.3 shall
                          be distributed to such Participant in accordance with
                          the provisions of that Section.

       3.    Effective January 1, 1989, Subsection 6.2(a) is amended by the
addition of the following sentence to the end thereof:

             For purposes of the foregoing sentence, "total compensation" means
             the Participant's taxable compensation from the Employer reported
             on Form W-2 for the Plan Year or, as determined by the Committee
             in a uniform manner with respect to all Employees for the Plan
             Year, such other nondiscriminatory definition of compensation that
             satisfies the requirements Treas. Reg. 1.415-2(d).

       4.    Section 3.7 is deleted and a new Section 6.3 is added to read as
follows:

             Contribution Limitations Under Section 401(m) of the Code.

             (a)  Average Contribution Percentage Test.  The "Average
                  Contribution Percentage", as determined under subsection (b),
                  for the group of Employees who are Highly Compensated
                  Employees shall not exceed for any Plan Year after 1993 the
                  greater of





                                      -2-
<PAGE>   3

                  (1)     The Average Contribution Percentage for the group of
                          Non-Highly Compensated Employees times 1.25; or

                  (2)     The Average Contribution Percentage for the group of
                          Non-Highly Compensated Employees times 2.0; provided,
                          however, that the Average Contribution Percentage for
                          the group of Highly Compensated Employees does not
                          exceed the Average Contribution Percentage for the
                          group of Non-Highly Compensated Employees by more
                          than two percentage points.

                  For purposes of the foregoing tests and subsection (b), an
                  "Employee" includes any Employee eligible to make voluntary
                  savings contributions pursuant to Article III at any time
                  during the Plan Year, even if he or she in fact declined to
                  make such contributions.  In addition, to the extent
                  prohibited by Treasury regulations, paragraph (2) of this
                  subsection (a) may not be applied to satisfy both the Average
                  Contribution Percentage described above and the average
                  deferral percentage test with respect to a cash or deferred
                  arrangement under Code Section 401(k) maintained by an
                  Employer or Related Employer.

             (b)  Excess Contributions.  The Average Contribution Percentage
                  for a specified group of Employees for a Plan Year shall be
                  the average of the ratios (calculated separately for each
                  Employee in such group) of:

                  (1)     The sum of (i) the Employee's voluntary savings
                          contributions (pursuant to Article III) and (ii) the
                          Employee's share of Employer Basic Contribution or
                          Imputed Employer Contribution, as the case may be,
                          actually paid to the Trustee on behalf of such
                          Employee for such Plan Year (together, "Aggregate
                          Contributions"), to

                  (2)     his or her Compensation for the Plan Year.

                  For the purpose of determining the above-described ratio
                  ("Contribution Percentage") with respect to a Highly
                  Compensated Employee, the Aggregate Contributions and
                  Compensation of such Highly Compensated Employee shall
                  included the Aggregate Contributions and Compensation of said
                  Employee's family members (as described in Code Section
                  414(q)(6)(B)), and such affected family members shall be
                  disregarded in determining the Average Contribution
                  Percentage for the group of Non-Highly Compensated Employees.

             (c)  If more than one plan providing for matching contributions or
                  employee contributions (within the meaning of Section 401(m)
                  of the Code) is maintained by the Employer or a Related
                  Employer (other than a plan which is not permitted to be
                  aggregated with this Plan under Treas. Reg. Section
                  1.401(m)-1(b)(3)(ii)), the individual ratio of any Highly
                  Compensated Employee who participates in more than one such
                  plan shall, for purposes of determining the individual's
                  Contribution Percentage, be determined as if all such plans
                  were a single plan with respect to the Plan Years ending with
                  or within the same calendar year.

             (d)  The Committee shall have the responsibility of determining
                  the extent, if any, to which either of the tests described in
                  subsection (a) may not be met with respect to Employees'
                  Average Contribution Percentages.  If, in the discretion of
                  the Committee, it is determined that Aggregate Contributions
                  made on behalf of Highly Compensated Employees do not satisfy
                  one of the tests in subsection (a), then Aggregate
                  Contributions with respect to Highly Compensated Employees
                  shall be refunded in





                                      -3-
<PAGE>   4

                  uniform percentage increments, commencing with the Aggregate
                  Contributions of the group of Highly Compensated Employees
                  with the highest percentages of Aggregate Contributions, and
                  then the Aggregate Contributions of the group of Highly
                  Compensated Employees with the next highest of such
                  percentages, and so on, until it is determined by the
                  Committee that the Plan will satisfy one of the Average
                  Contribution Percentage tests set forth in subsection (a).
                  Each reduction at a stated percentage level will apply to all
                  Highly Compensated Employees at that level regardless of
                  whether their Contribution Percentages have been reduced from
                  higher levels.  The Committee shall accomplish the reductions
                  as described above by distributing to each affected Highly
                  Compensated Employee that portion of his or her Aggregate
                  Contribution (plus any income and minus any loss allocable
                  thereto in a manner consistent with Treasury regulations, if
                  any) necessary to meet the requirements of one of the Average
                  Contribution Percentage tests in subsection (a) on or before
                  March 15 of the following Plan Year.  If such distribution is
                  not made, it must in all events be made no later than the
                  close of said following Plan Year.

             (e)  Definitions.  For purposes of this Section 6.3, the following
                  terms shall have the meanings set forth below:

                  (1)     "Compensation" shall mean any of the following, as
                          determined by the Committee in a uniform manner with
                          respect to all Employees for the Plan Year:

                          (A)  The Compensation or wages paid to an Employee
                               for the Plan Year by reason of his or her
                               employment by the Employer including overtime pay
                               and commissions, before any payroll deductions,
                               including elective deferrals contributions and/or
                               salary reduction contributions, if any, to a plan
                               or plans described in Section 125 or 401(k) of
                               the Code, but excluding bonuses, expense
                               reimbursements and contributions (other than
                               elective deferral contributions to a cash or
                               deferred arrangement described in Section 401(k)
                               of the Code) made by the Employer to any employee
                               benefit plan other than this Plan.

                          (B)  The Employee's taxable compensation from the
                               Employer reported on Form W-2 for the Plan 
                               Year, or

                          (C)  Such other nondiscriminatory definition of
                               compensation which satisfies the requirements 
                               of Code Section 414(s) and the regulations 
                               hereunder.
                          
                          Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the
                          Compensation of any Employee as determined for
                          purposes of this Section 6.3 and taken into account
                          for any Plan Year exceed $150,000, increased by the
                          applicable cost-of-living adjustment, if any, for the
                          calendar year sanctioned by Code Section 401(a)(17).
                          In determining the Compensation of an Employee, any
                          Compensation paid by the Employer to the spouse or
                          lineal descendant (who has not attained age 19 before
                          the close of the Plan Year) of an Employee who is (i)
                          a 5% owner as defined in section 416(i) of the Code
                          or (ii) one of the 10 employees of the Employer paid
                          the greatest Compensation during the Plan Year shall
                          be treated as Compensation paid to such Employee.
                          If, as the result of the application of the foregoing
                          sentence the applicable dollar limitation is
                          exceeded, then such limitation shall be prorated
                          among the affected individuals in





                                      -4-
<PAGE>   5

                          proportion to each such individual's Compensation as
                          determined for purposes of this Plan prior to the
                          application of the dollar limitation.

                  (2)     "Highly Compensated Employee" means, with respect to
                          a particular Plan Year, an Employee who is not
                          represented for purposes of collective bargaining by
                          a labor union and who (i) during the Plan Year or
                          other "determination year" as described in the
                          regulations to Code Section 414(1) is among the 100
                          employees receiving the most compensation from the
                          Employer and is a highly compensated employee as
                          defined by Code Section 414(q) and the regulations
                          thereunder or (ii) during the 12-month period
                          preceding the applicable determination year (the
                          "look-back year") is a highly compensated employee as
                          defined in Code Section 414(q) and the regulations
                          thereunder.  The Committee may, in its discretion and
                          consistent with regulations under Code Section 414(q)
                          or other guidance issued by the Secretary of the
                          Treasury, elect to make a look-back year calculation
                          for a determination year on the basis of the calendar
                          year ending with or within the applicable
                          determination year.

                  (3)     "Non-Highly Compensated Employee" means an Employee
                          who is not represented for purposes of collective
                          bargaining by a labor union, and who is not a Highly
                          Compensated Employee as defined in (2) above.

       5.    Section 7.1 is amended by deleting the words "As of January 1
following the calendar year" in each plan in which it appears, and by inserting
the following in lieu thereof:

             "As of December 31 of the calendar year"

       6.    Section 7.1 is further amended by deleting the test of subsection
(a) and inserting the following in lieu thereof:

             (a)  As of December 31 of the calendar year in which the
                  Participant completes 35 years of participation in the Plan;

       7.    Effective January 1, 1994, Subparagraph 10.1(b) is amended to read
as follows:

             (b)  Imputed Employer Contribution.  A Participant described in
                  Section 10.1(a) shall be eligible to share in the allocation
                  of the Imputed Employer Contribution only if he or she in
                  fact made voluntary savings contributions pursuant to Article
                  III (including weekly cash payments in lieu of payroll
                  deductions pursuant to subsections 3.2(b) and (c)) which were
                  allocated to his or her Participant Savings Account for the
                  Plan Year for which the Imputed Employer Contribution is
                  made.  The Imputed Employer Contribution which shall be
                  credited with respect to an eligible Participant's
                  Transferred Amount shall be an amount equal to the product of
                  (1), (2) and (3) below where

                  (1)     is the annual percentage rate of the Employer's
                          Tentative Basic Aggregate Contribution, as described
                          in Subsection 4.1(b)(1), if any, for the calendar
                          year in which the Participant's Transfer Event
                          described in Section 7.1 occurs, which percentage
                          rate shall be determined by dividing the amount of
                          said Tentative Basic Aggregate





                                      -5-
<PAGE>   6

                          Contribution by the aggregate average monthly account
                          balances for such year of all Participants' accounts
                          in the General Fund, as of December 31,

                  (2)     is the average monthly balance of the accounts held
                          for the Participant in the General Fund during the
                          calendar year in which the Participant's Transfer
                          Event described in Section 7.1 occurs, and

                  (3)     is a fraction, the numerator of which is an integer
                          equal to the whole or partial calendar months of
                          Regular Employment completed by the Participant
                          during the calendar year in which his Transfer Event
                          occurs, and the denominator of which is twelve (12).

                  In no event shall the Imputed Employer Contribution made with
                  respect to any Participant exceed four thousand dollars
                  ($4,000) multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is
                  an integer equal to the number of whole or partial calendar
                  months of Regular Employment completed by the Participant
                  during such calendar year, and the denominator of which is
                  twelve (12).  Effective for the Imputed Employer Contribution
                  for the 1994 and subsequent Plan Years, that portion of the
                  Imputed Employer Contribution made with respect to any
                  Participant who is a Highly Compensated Employee which, when
                  combined with the Participant's voluntary savings
                  contributions for the Plan Year pursuant to Article III,
                  exceeds the contribution limitations for Highly Compensated
                  Employees pursuant to Section 6.3, shall be distributed to
                  such Participant in accordance with the provisions of that
                  Section.

       8.    Section 19.2(i) is amended to read as follows:

             "Total Compensation" is the Participant's compensation as defined
             in Section 415(c)(3) of the Code, but shall not be greater than
             the applicable annual dollar limitation prescribed in Code Section
             401(a)(17).

       9.    Section 19.5 is deleted.

       IN WITNESS WHEREOF, United Parcel Service of America, Inc., based upon
the action by the Board of Directors, has caused this Amendment No. 19 to be
executed this 2nd day of December 1994.


ATTEST:                            UNITED PARCEL SERVICE OF
                                   AMERICA, INC.

By:                                                              
   ----------------------------    ------------------------------
   Secretary                       Chairman





                                      -6-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.(B)(12)
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT # 16 TO THE UPS RETIREMENT PLAN
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                              EXHIBIT 10(b)(12)



                                AMENDMENT NO. 16

                                     TO THE

                              UPS RETIREMENT PLAN

                   (As Amended and Restated January 1, 1976)


             WHEREAS, United Parcel Service of America, Inc. and its affiliated
corporations established the UPS Retirement Plan ("Plan") for the benefit of
their eligible employees, in order to provide benefits to those employees upon
their retirement, disability or death, effective as of September 1, 1961; and

             WHEREAS, the Plan was amended and restated in its entirety,
replacing all of the provisions of the Plan then in effect, effective as of
January 1, 1976, to comply with the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974 ("ERISA"); and

             WHEREAS, the Plan has been amended further since January 1, 1976,
the most recent being Amendment No. 15, executed August 13, 1992; and

             WHEREAS, it is desired to amend the Plan further (i) to revise in
their entirety the Plan's disability benefit provisions; and (ii) to provide to
distributees of eligible rollover distributions from this Plan the option of
transferring such distributions directly to another eligible retirement plan;

             NOW THEREFORE, pursuant to the authority vested in the Board of
Directors by Section 7.1 of the Plan, the Plan is hereby amended as follows,
effective January 1, 1993:





<PAGE>   2

             1.  Section 4.4(a) is amended by adding the words "or Total
Disability" immediately following the words "if (i) his employment is
terminated other than by reason of death. . ."

             2.  Sections 4.5, 4.6 and 4.7 of the Plan are revised
in their entirety to read as follows:

             Section 4.5  Disability Benefit.

                    (a)  Eligibility.  Each Participant in this Plan with at
             least one Hour of Service as an Employee on or after January 1,
             1993, other than a Participant whose terms and conditions of
             employment are governed by a collective bargaining agreement
             unless said agreement specifically provides for the Disability
             Benefit described herein, shall, in the event of his or her
             termination of employment by reason of Total Disability following
             five (5) or more Years of Service, be eligible for the Disability
             Benefit described in this Section 4.5.  Any Participant not
             described in the preceding sentence whose employment is terminated
             by reason of Total Disability after completion of ten (10) or more
             Years of Service but prior to his or her Early Retirement Date
             shall be eligible for the Supplemental Disability Income Benefit
             described in Section 4.7.

                    (b)  In General.  In the event that a Participant with five
             (5) or more Years of Service terminates employment prior to his or
             her Normal Retirement Date by reason of his or her Total
             Disability as defined in Section 4.6, he or she may elect to
             receive a Disability Benefit in a monthly amount determined under
             subsection 5.4(a) commencing on his or her Disability Date and
             continuing for his or her Period of Disability as defined in
             subsection 4.5(d).

                    (c)  Disability Date.  A Participant's Disability Date
             shall be the first day of any month following the date which is
             six (6) months following the Participant's cessation of work with
             an Employer Company as the re-





                                      -2-
<PAGE>   3

             sult of Total Disability; provided, however, that a Participant's
             Disability Date shall not be earlier than the date on which the
             Participant's salary or wage continuation or other temporary
             disability benefit from the Employer Company ends.
             Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may provide
             nondiscriminatory rules by which a Participant's Disability Date
             may be prior to six months following the Participant's cessation
             of work due to Total Disability, provided that he or she is not
             then receiving salary or wage continuation payments or temporary
             disability benefits from the Employer Company.

                    (d)  Period of Disability.  A Participant's Period of
             Disability shall begin on his or her Disability Date and shall end
             when any one of the following occurs:

                           (1)  The Participant ceases to be
             Totally Disabled or dies;

                           (2)  The Participant attains his or her Normal
             Retirement Date;

                           (3)  The Participant begins working in any gainful
             occupation for which the Participant is fitted by his or her
             education, training or experience, or for which he or she could
             reasonably become fitted (work at a rehabilitation program, as
             approved by the Committee, will not count as work in any
             reasonable occupation);

                           (4)  The Participant is no longer under the care of
             a physician; or

                           (5)  The Participant does not furnish to the
             Committee upon request the latest proof of his or her continuing
             Total Disability, or refuses to be examined by a physician
             designated by the Committee for the purpose of determining whether
             he or she continues to be Totally Disabled.

                    (e)    Coordination and Transitional Rules.
             Notwithstanding any provision of this Plan to the contrary, no
             Disability Benefit shall be paid for any period of time during
             which the Participant is receiving benefits under any short-term
             or long-term disability plan or similar program sponsored by an
             Employer Company or to which the Employer





                                      -3-
<PAGE>   4

             Company contributes.  In the case of a Participant who had, as of
             January 1, 1993, been receiving long-term disability benefits
             under the UPS Long-Term Disability Plan ("LTD Plan"), he or she
             shall, effective as of such date, commence to receive the
             Disability Benefit described herein; provided however, (1) that he
             or she, at such time and thereafter, remains Totally Disabled and
             otherwise eligible for a Disability Benefit from this Plan, and
             (2) the amount of the Participant's monthly long-term disability
             benefit from the LTD Plan is reduced by the amount of the monthly
             Disability Benefit payable for the same time period.

             Section 4.6  Total Disability.


                    (a)  In General.  A Participant shall be considered Totally
             Disabled if he or she is unable to work, as described below, as
             the result of a medically-determinable physical or mental
             impairment, which requires the Participant to be under the care of
             a physician (a "Total Disability").  During the first 24 months
             that a Participant is Totally Disabled, he or she will be
             considered unable to work if he or she cannot work at the same
             type of occupation in which he or she normally engages, provided
             that the Participant is unable to work comparable hours performing
             alternate work, if available, provided by the Employer Company in
             accordance with its employment policies applied on a
             non-discriminatory basis to employees similarly situated.  After
             the first 24 months that a Participant is Totally Disabled, he or
             she will be considered to be unable to work only if he or she is
             unable to work at any gainful occupation for which the Participant
             is fitted by his or her education, training or experience, or for
             which he or she could reasonably become fitted.

                    Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Participant will not be
             considered Totally Disabled if, at any time after the first 24
             months of Total Disability, it is determined by the Committee that
             the Participant's disability is not at that time caused by a
             physical impairment which can be demonstrated by clinical and
             laboratory diagnosis.  A mental or





                                      -4-
<PAGE>   5

             nervous condition is not a physical impairment.

                    (b)  Proof of Disability.  The Committee shall have the
             discretion and authority to determine whether a Participant is or
             remains Totally Disabled.  For this purpose, the Committee may
             require the Participant to submit to an examination by a physician
             of the Committee's choosing, and may request any and all medical
             records and other pertinent information.  Following a
             determination of Total Disability, the Committee may periodically
             require the Participant to submit proof of continued Total
             Disability, and may determine that a Participant is no longer
             disabled if he or she fails to comply with this requirement.


             Section 4.7  Supplemental Disability Income Benefit for Certain
             Participants.

                    (a)  In General.  In the case of a Participant who is not
             among the class of individuals eligible for the Disability Benefit
             described in Section 4.5, he or she shall, in the event that his
             or her employment as an Employee is terminated by reason of his or
             her Total Disability (as described in subsection (d) below) after
             completion of ten (10) or more Years of Service but prior to his
             or her Early Retirement Date, receive a monthly Supplemental
             Disability Income Benefit as described in this Section 4.7.
             Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Supplemental Disability Income
             Benefit shall be paid to any Participant for any period of time
             during which the Participant is receiving benefits under any
             short-term or long-term disability plan or program (including, but
             not limited to, the Disability Benefit described at Section 4.5)
             sponsored by an Employer Company or to which the Employer Company
             contributes.

                    (b)    Amount.  The Supplemental Disability Income Benefit
             shall consist of a monthly benefit, payable for the period of time
             described in subsection (c) below, equal to the amount determined
             by multiplying $9.60 ($8.00 in the case of Total Disability
             commencing prior to January 1, 1978) by the number of





                                      -5-
<PAGE>   6

             years of Benefit Service to a maximum of 25, completed by the
             Participant prior to becoming Totally Disabled.

                    (c)    Duration.  The Supplemental Disability Income
             Benefit shall be paid monthly to the disabled Participant,
             commencing on his or her Disability Date and ending as of the
             first to occur of the Participant's death, attainment of age 55 or
             the month in which his or her Period of Disability ends.
             Thereafter, the Participant may apply for and receive an Early or
             Normal Retirement Benefit, or Deferred Vested Benefit, the amount
             of which shall be calculated based on the Participant's Years of
             Benefit Service earned prior to becoming Totally Disabled, but
             shall not be reduced on account of the Supplemental Disability
             Income Benefit previously payable.  Similarly, the surviving
             spouse of a Participant who dies while receiving the Supplemental
             Disability Income Benefit may receive the Qualified Joint and
             Survivor (Husband and Wife) Preretirement Survivor Benefit in
             accordance with the terms of Section 5.5 commencing on what would
             have been the Participant's Early Retirement Date.  In no event
             shall a Participant receive simultaneously a Supplemental
             Disability Income Benefit and an Early or Normal Retirement
             Benefit, or Deferred Vested Benefit.

                    (d)    The terms "Disability Date," "Period of Disability"
             and "Total Disability" shall have the same meanings as described
             in subsections 4.5(c), 4.5(d) and Section 4.6, respectively,
             except that, for Participants who became disabled prior to January
             1, 1993, "Total Disability" shall have the same meaning as the
             term "total and permanent disability" as defined by Section 4.6
             prior to its amendment by Amendment No. 15 to this Plan.


             3.  Subsection 5.3(a) is amended as follows:

                    a.  The first sentence of paragraph (1) is amended by
deleting the words "Annuity Starting Date of a Participant's Normal or Early
Retirement Benefit, or Deferred Vested Benefit,"





                                      -6-
<PAGE>   7

and by substituting in lieu thereof the words "Annuity Starting Date of a
Participant's Normal or Early Retirement Benefit, Deferred Vested Benefit or
Disability Benefit."

                    b.  A new paragraph (3) is added to read as follows:

                           (3)  Notwithstanding the foregoing, see subsection
             5.4(b) for special rules relating to the payment of Disability
             Benefits.

             4.  Subsection 5.3(d) is amended by deleting the words "his or her
vested Normal Retirement Benefit or Deferred Vested Benefit" and by
substituting in lieu thereof the words "his or her vested Normal Retirement
Benefit, Deferred Vested Benefit or Disability Benefit."

             5.  Section 5.4 is amended in its entirety to read as
follows:

             Section 5.4  Disability Benefit.

                           (a)  Amount.  The amount of the monthly benefit to
             which a Participant is entitled under Section 4.5 because of Total
             Disability shall be equal to one-twelfth of the Participant's
             Normal Retirement Benefit calculated in accordance with the
             applicable benefit formulas under paragraphs (1) or (2) of
             subsection 5.2(a) (whichever produces the larger amount), modified
             as follows:

                                  (1)  The Participant's years of Benefit
             Service (defined in subsection 1.1(l) hereof) shall be the greater
             of:

                                  (A)  the actual number of years of Benefit
             Service earned by the Participant as of his or her Disability
             Date; or





                                      -7-
<PAGE>   8


                                  (B)  the number of years of Benefit Service
             indicated in the following table:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
          Age of Participant
          at Disability Date      Years of Benefit Service
          ------------------      ------------------------
             <S>                             <C>
             50 or younger                   15
                  51                         14
                  52                         13
                  53                         12
                  54                         11
                  55                         10
                  56                          9
                  57                          8
                  58                          7
                  59                          6
                  60 or older                 5
</TABLE>


                             (2)  There shall be no reduction in the amount of
             the Participant's Disability Benefit on account of its
             commencement prior to the Participant's Normal Retirement Date.

                    (b)  Form and Duration of Payments.

                             (1)  The Disability Benefit shall be paid in
             monthly installments, in the amount described in subsection
             5.4(a), beginning as of the Participant's Disability Date.  The
             last payment of the Participant's Disability Benefit shall be made
             as of the first day of the month in which the Participant's Period
             of Disability ends.

                                  (2)(A)  If the Participant's Period of
             Disability ends as the result of his or her attainment of his or
             her Normal Retirement Date, the Participant shall thereafter be
             able to receive a Normal Retirement Benefit, commencing no earlier
             than the first day of the month following the cessation of his or
             her Disability Benefit, in an amount determined under subsection
             5.2(a) taking into account all Benefit Service which had, pursuant
             to subsection 5.4(a), been taken into account in determining the
             amount of his or her Disability Benefit.





                                      -8-
<PAGE>   9


                                     (B)  If the Participant is married on the
             Annuity Starting Date of his or her Normal Retirement Benefit,
             such benefit shall be paid in the form of a Qualified Joint and
             Survivor (Husband and Wife) Benefit unless the Participant, at any
             time within the 90-day period ending on the Annuity Starting Date,
             makes an election, in the form prescribed in paragraph 5.3(b)(1),
             to waive such payment form in favor of an alternate payment form
             available under subsection 5.3(b).

                                     (C)  If the Participant is not married on
             the Annuity Starting Date of his or her Normal Retirement Benefit,
             such benefit shall be paid in the form of a single life annuity,
             unless he or she elects, at any time within the 90-day period
             ending on the Annuity Starting Date, to receive a reduced monthly
             benefit payable in the form of a single life annuity with a
             guarantee of 120 monthly payments, as described in paragraph
             5.3(a)(2).

                                     (D)  If the Participant should die while
             Totally Disabled but prior to his or her Disability Date, or else
             should die during his or her Period of Disability but prior to the
             Annuity Starting Date of his or her Normal Retirement Benefit, his
             or her surviving spouse, if any, shall be eligible to receive the
             Qualified Joint and Survivor (Husband and Wife) Preretirement
             Survivor Benefit in accordance with and commencing at the time
             described in Section 5.5; provided however, that the amount of
             such benefit shall be calculated based on all years of Benefit
             Service which had, pursuant to subsection 5.4(a), been taken into
             account in determining the amount of the Participant's Disability
             Benefit.

                                     (E)  The written explanation described in
             subsection 5.3(c) shall be provided to the Participant within 90
             days prior to the Annuity Starting Date of the Participant's
             Normal Retirement Benefit.

                             (3)(A)  If the Participant's Period of Disability
             should end prior to his or her Normal Retirement Date (other than
             by reason of death), the Participant may, in





                                      -9-
<PAGE>   10

             accordance with the applicable terms of this Plan, thereafter
             apply for and receive an Early or Normal Retirement Benefit, or
             Deferred Vested Benefit, as the case may be, the amount of which
             shall be calculated based on the Participant's actual years of
             Benefit Service earned prior to becoming Totally Disabled, but
             shall not be reduced on account of the Disability Benefit
             previously payable.

                                  (B)  Similarly, in the event the Participant
             should die following the end of his or her Period of Disability
             (and the cessation of his or her Disability Benefit) but prior to
             the Annuity Starting Date of his or her Early or Normal Retirement
             Benefit or Deferred Vested Benefit, the Participant's surviving
             spouse, if any, shall be eligible to receive the Qualified Joint
             and Survivor (Husband and Wife) Preretirement Survivor Benefit in
             accordance with and commencing at the time described in Section
             5.5, the amount of which shall be calculated based on the
             Participant's actual years of Benefit Service earned prior to
             becoming Totally Disabled, but shall not be reduced on account of
             the Disability Benefit previously payable.

                                  (4)  In no event shall a Participant receive
             simultaneously a Disability Benefit and an Early or Normal
             Retirement Benefit, or Deferred Vested Benefit.


             6.  Section 5.12 is revised in its entirety to read as follows:

             Section 5.12  Withholding of Income Tax.

                    (a)  Notification of Withholding of Federal Income Tax.
             All Participants and beneficiaries entitled to receive benefits
             under the Plan shall be notified of the Plan's obligation to
             withhold federal income tax from any benefits payable pursuant to
             the terms of the Plan.  Such notice shall be in writing, be given
             at the times set forth in subsection (b) and contain the
             information set forth in subsection (c) of this Section.





                                      -10-
<PAGE>   11


                    (b)  Time of Notice.  The notice described in subsection
             (a) shall be provided not earlier than six months before such
             payment is to be made and not later than the time the Participant
             or beneficiary is furnished with his or her claim for benefits
             application.

                    (c)  Content of the Notice.  The notice required by
             subsection (a) shall, at a minimum:

                           (1)  with respect to any distribution which is an
             eligible rollover distribution within the meaning of Code Section
             3405(c)(3) (other than an eligible rollover distribution of less
             than $200 which is exempt from withholding under regulations
             prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury), advise the payee
             that there shall be withheld from such distribution an amount
             equal to 20 percent thereof (or such other amount as may from time
             to time be prescribed by the Code, or the Secretary of the
             Treasury or his delegate), unless the payee directs the Committee
             to transfer such distribution as a direct rollover to an eligible
             retirement plan, within the meaning of Section 5.13 hereof, in
             accordance with such procedures as the Committee may prescribe (a
             "transfer direction"),

                           (2)  with respect to any distribution which is not
             an eligible rollover distribution within the meaning of Code
             Section 3405(c)(3):

                                  (A)  advise the payee of his or her right to
             elect not to have withholding apply to any payment or distribution
             and explain the manner in which such election may be made, and
             include or indicate the source of any forms necessary to make the
             election;

                                  (B)  advise the payee of his or her right to
             revoke such an election at any time;

                                  (C)  advise the payee that any election
             remains effective until revoked;

                                  (D)  advise the payee that penalties may be
             incurred under the estimated tax payment rules if the payee's
             payments of estimated





                                      -11-
<PAGE>   12

             tax are not adequate and sufficient tax is not withheld from
             payments under this Plan; and

                                  (E)  advise the payee that the election not
             to have federal income tax withheld from benefits is prospective
             only and that any election made after a payment or distribution to
             the payee is not an election with respect to such payment or
             distribution.

                    (d)  Effective Date of Election.  Any transfer direction,
             election or revocation of any election by a payee shall become
             effective immediately upon receipt by the Committee of the
             transfer direction, election or revocation.  Thereafter, the
             Committee shall, unless otherwise provided by applicable law,
             regulation or other guidance by the Secretary of the Treasury or
             his delegate, instruct the Trustee to withhold federal income tax
             in accordance or consistent with the instructions filed by the
             payee.

                    (e)  Failure to Make Election.

                           (1)  In the case of an eligible rollover
             distribution, if the payee fails to provide the Committee with a
             transfer direction, the Committee shall instruct the Trustee to
             withhold an amount equal to 20% of the amount of the distribution
             (or such other amount as may be from time to time prescribed by
             the Code, or the Secretary of the Treasury or his delegate).

                           (2)  In the case of a distribution which is not an
             eligible rollover distribution, if the payee fails to provide the
             Committee with a withholding certificate, the Committee shall
             instruct the Trustee to withhold, in the case of a periodic
             distribution, the amount which would be required to be withheld
             from such payment if such payment were a payment of wages by an
             employer to an employee for the appropriate payroll period,
             determined as if the payee were a married person claiming three
             withholding allowances.  In the case of a nonperiodic
             distribution, 10% of the amount of the distribution shall be
             withheld.





                                      -12-
<PAGE>   13


                    (f)  Coordination with Internal Revenue Code and
             Regulations.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee shall
             discharge its withholding and notice obligations in accordance
             with the Code and regulations and such other guidance with respect
             thereto as may be promulgated from time to time by the Secretary
             of the Treasury or his delegate.


             7.  A new Section 5.13 is added to read as follows:

             Section 5.13  Direct Rollover.

                    (a)  With respect to any distribution described in this
             Article V which constitutes an eligible rollover distribution
             within the meaning of Code Section 401(a)(31)(C), the distributee
             thereof shall, in accordance with procedures established by the
             Committee, be afforded the opportunity to direct that such
             distribution be transferred directly to the trustee of an eligible
             retirement plan (a "direct rollover").  For purposes of the
             foregoing sentence, an "eligible retirement plan" is (1) a
             qualified trust within the meaning of Code Section 402 which is a
             defined contribution plan the terms of which permit the acceptance
             of rollover distributions, (2) an individual retirement account or
             annuity within the meaning of Code Section 408 (other than an
             endowment contract), or (3) an annuity plan within the meaning of
             Code Section 403(a), which is specified by the distributee in such
             form and at such time as the Committee may prescribe.

                    (b)  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the distributee
             elects to have his or her eligible rollover distribution paid in
             part to him or her and paid in part as a direct rollover:

                           (A)  The direct rollover must be in an amount of
             $500 or more.

                           (B)  A direct rollover to two or more eligible
             retirement plans shall not be permitted.

                    (c)  The Committee shall, within a reasonable period of
             time prior to making an





                                      -13-
<PAGE>   14

             eligible rollover distribution from this Plan, provide a written
             explanation to the distributee of the direct rollover option
             described above, as well as the provisions under which such
             distribution will not be subject to tax if transferred to an
             eligible retirement plan within 60 days after the date on which
             the distributee received the distribution.

             8.  Subsection 12.2(d) is amended as follows:

                    (a)  The first sentence of the first paragraph is amended
to read as follows:

             "Retired Participant" means, for purposes of this Article XII, an
             individual who (i) was a Participant who was actively employed by
             an Employer Company until his or her Early, Normal or Postponed
             Retirement Date, or until his or her termination of employment
             following 10 or more Years of Service by reason of Total
             Disability, (ii) in the case of a Participant who first became an
             employee on or after January 1, 1989, had at least 10 Years of
             Service with an Employer Company and at least one Year of Service
             as a Participant in this Plan, (iii) retired from employment with
             an Employer Company and was thereupon immediately eligible to
             receive an Early or Normal Retirement Benefit, or Disability
             Benefit, hereunder.


                    (b)  The third sentence of the penultimate paragraph
thereof is amended to read as follows:

             A Participant's retirement from employment with the Employer
             Company at or after his or her Early or Normal Retirement Date, or
             prior to such date by reason of Total Disability following 10 or
             more Years of Service, with the immediate right to receive a
             Retirement or Disability Benefit hereunder, or the death of a
             Participant following attainment of his or her Early Retirement
             Date while still employed by an Employer Company (with, in each
             case, the additional requirement that a





                                      -14-
<PAGE>   15

             Participant who first became an Employee on or after January 1,
             1989 must have completed at least 10 Years of Service with an
             Employer Company, at least one of which was as a Participant in
             this Plan), are conditions to eligibility for Medical Benefits
             under this Article XII.


                    (c)  The present text of subsection 12.2(d) (modified as
hereinabove provided) is designated as paragraph (2), and a new paragraph (2)
is added to read as follows:

             (2)  A Participant who is a Retired Participant because of his or
             her termination of employment by reason of Total Disability shall
             cease to be a Retired Participant when his or her Period of
             Disability ends.  In such event, and subject to Section 12.3 in
             the event the Participant's Period of Disability ends by reason of
             his or her death, Medical Benefits under this Article XII shall
             cease to be paid for claims incurred by the Participant, or his or
             her Covered Dependents, on or after the end of the month in which
             his or her Period of Disability ends.

             In WITNESS WHEREOF, United Parcel Service of America, Inc. based
upon action by its Board of Directors, has caused this Amendment No. 16 to be
executed this      day of               , 1993.


ATTEST:                            UNITED PARCEL SERVICE OF
                                   AMERICA, INC.

By:                                                              
   ----------------------------    ------------------------------
   Secretary                       Chairman





                                      -15-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.(B)(13)
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT # 17 TO THE UPS RETIREMENT PLAN
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                               EXHIBIT 10(b)(13)



                                AMENDMENT NO. 17
                                     TO THE
                              UPS RETIREMENT PLAN
                   (As Amended and Restated January 1, 1976)

       WHEREAS, United Parcel Service of America, Inc. and its affiliated
corporations established the UPS Retirement Plan ("Plan") for the benefit of
their eligible employees, in order to provide benefits to those employees upon
their retirement, disability or death, effective as of September 1, 1961; and

       WHEREAS, the Plan was amended and restated in its entirety, replacing
all of the provisions of the Plan then in effect, effective as of January 1,
1976, to comply with the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974
("ERISA"); and

       WHEREAS, the Plan has been amended further since January 1, 1976, the
most recent being Amendment No. 16, effective as of January 1, 1993; and

       WHEREAS, it is desired to amend the Plan further to reflect the
reduction, pursuant to Code Section 401(a)(17), in Compensation which may be
taken into account for Plan purposes effective as of January 1, 1994;

       NOW THEREFORE, pursuant to the authority vested in the Board of
Directors by Section 7.1 of the Plan, the Plan is hereby amended as follows,
effective January 1, 1994:

       1.    Subsection 1.1(y) of the Plan is revised by deleting in its
entirety the penultimate paragraph thereof (relating to the $200,000
Compensation limitation) and by adding the following paragraphs to the end
thereof:

                           For the purpose of calculating a Participant's
                    accrued benefit for any Plan Year commencing on or after
                    January 1, 1989, in no event shall the Compensation of any
                    Participant taken into account under the Plan exceed the
                    following dollar amounts:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                            Plan Year                     Compensation Limit
                            ---------                     ------------------
                               <S>                             <C>
                               1989                            $200,000

                               1990                            $209,200

                               1991                            $222,220

                               1992                            $228,860
</TABLE>





<PAGE>   2

<TABLE>
                               <S>                            <C>          
                               1993                           $ 235,840

                               1994                           $ 150,000

                       1995 and later years                   $ 150,000,   increased by the applicable cost-of-living adjustment, if
                                                                           any, for the calendar year sanctioned by Code
                                                                           Section 401(a)(17).
</TABLE>

                          In determining the Compensation of a Participant, the
                  rules of Section 414(q)(6) of the Code shall apply, except
                  that in applying such rules, the term "family" shall include
                  only the Participant's spouse and any lineal descendants of
                  the Participants who have not attained age 19 before the
                  close of the Plan Year.  If, as a result of the application
                  of such rules the applicable Compensation limitation is
                  exceeded, then such limitation shall be prorated among the
                  affected individuals in proportion to each such individual's
                  Compensation as determined under this subsection 1.1(y) prior
                  to the application of this limitation.

                          In determining a Participant's Final Average
                  Compensation, the $150,000 Compensation limitation shall
                  apply retroactively with respect to Compensation earned prior
                  to 1994 by a Participant with at least one Hour of Service on
                  or after January 1, 1994.  Similarly, the $200,000
                  Compensation limitation shall be applied retroactively with
                  respect to Compensation earned prior to 1989 by a Participant
                  with at least one Hour of Service on or after January 1, 1989
                  (but without any Hours of Service on or after January 1,
                  1994).  However, a Participant's Benefit shall not be less
                  than that which he or she had accrued or earned as of
                  December 31, 1993 (December 31, 1988 in the case of a
                  Participant without at least one Hour of Service on or after
                  January 1, 1994), based on his or her Benefit Service and
                  Final Average Compensation determined as of such date.

       2.    The first paragraph of subsection 5.7(b)(1) is amended by deleting
the phrase "(ii) 100% of the Participant's average compensation (as defined in
Treasury Regulation Section 1.415-2(d) paid for three consecutive calendar
years during which he was an active Participant in the Plan, and in which he
received the greatest aggregate compensation from the Employer Company, subject
to the following:", and by substituting in lieu thereof the following:

                  (ii) 100% of the Participant's average compensation (as
             defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.415-2(d) and reduced, if
             necessary, to reflect the applicable annual compensation
             limitation set forth in subsection 1.1(y) of this Plan paid for
             the three consecutive calendar years during which he was an active
             Participant in the Plan, and in which he received the greatest
             aggregate compensation (as defined above) from the Employer
             Company, subject to the following:





                                      -2-
<PAGE>   3


       3.    Subsection 5.7(b)(2) as amended in the following respects:

             a.   Subparagraph (A)(II) is revised by deleting the phrase "(ii)
the product of 1.4 multiplied by an amount equal to 100% of the Participant's
average compensation for the three consecutive calendar years during which he
participated in the Plan and in which he had the greatest aggregate
compensation from the Employer Company," and by substituting in lieu thereof
the following:

                          (ii) the product of 1.4 multiplied by an amount equal
                  to 100% of the Participant's average compensation (as defined
                  in Treasury Regulation Section 1.415-2(d) and reduced, if
                  necessary, to reflect the applicable annual compensation
                  limitation set forth in subsection 1.1(y) of this Plan) for
                  the three consecutive calendar years during which he was an
                  active Participant in the Plan, and in which he had the
                  greatest aggregate compensation (as defined above) from the
                  Employer Company.

             b.   Subparagraph (B)(II)(ii) is revised to read as follows:

                          (ii) 1.4 multiplied by 25% of the Participant's
                  compensation (as defined in Section 415(c)(3) of the Code and
                  reduced, if necessary, to reflect the applicable annual
                  compensation limit set forth in subsection 1.1(y) of this
                  Plan) for such limitation year.

                  Subsection 11.2(i) is amended to read as follows:

                          (i) "Total Compensation" is the Participant's
                  compensation as defined in Section 415(c)(3) of the Code, but
                  shall not exceed the applicable dollar amount set forth in
                  subsection 1.1(y) of this Plan.

       IN WITNESS WHEREOF, United Parcel Service of America, Inc. based upon
action by its Board of Directors, has caused this Amendment No. 17 to be
executed this 2nd day of December 1994.


ATTEST:                            UNITED PARCEL SERVICE OF
                                   AMERICA, INC.

By:                                                              
   ----------------------------    ------------------------------
   Secretary                       Chairman





                                      -3-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.(X)(6)
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT # 11 TO THE UPS SAVINGS PLAN
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                               EXHIBIT 10(x)(6)

                                AMENDMENT NO. 11
                                     TO THE
                                UPS SAVINGS PLAN

         WHEREAS, United Parcel Service of America, Inc. ("UPS") and its
affiliated corporations established, effective July 1, 1988, the UPS Savings
Plan (the "Plan") in order to permit their eligible employees to put money
aside on a tax deferred basis to supplement that which they will receive from
Social Security and other pension or retirement plans in which they
participate; and

         WHEREAS, the Plan has been amended ten times before, the most recent
being Amendment No. 10 adopted on June 3, 1992; and

         WHEREAS, it is desired to amend the Plan further (i) to permit
Participants and certain retired Former Participants to roll over or transfer
to the Trust under the Plan amounts which they have received as eligible
rollover distributions under Internal Revenue Code Section 402, and (ii) to
provide to distributees of eligible rollover distributions from this Plan the
option of transferring such distributions directly to another eligible
retirement plan;

                 NOW THEREFORE, pursuant to the authority vested in the Board
of Directors by Section 9.1 of the Plan, the Plan is hereby amended in the
following respects, effective, except as otherwise noted, for distributions
made on or after January 1, 1993:

         1.  Effective July 1, 1994, the second sentence of Section
<PAGE>   2

4.1 is amended by deleting the words "pursuant to Participants' Elective
Deferrals to the Trustee" and by substituting in lieu thereof the words
"pursuant to the Participant's Elective Deferrals, as well as any amounts
contributed pursuant to Section 4.12."

         2.  Effective July 1, 1994, a new Section 4.12 is added to Article IV
to read as follows:

                 Section 4.12 Rollovers from Qualified Plans.

                          (a) Any Participant may contribute to the Trust an
                 amount consisting of an eligible rollover distribution or
                 transfer from a conduit IRA, provided that the contribution
                 shall not jeopardize the tax-exempt status of the Plan or
                 Trust or create adverse tax consequences for the Employer
                 Company.  A Former Participant may contribute to the Trust in
                 accordance with this Section 4.12(a) provided that the Former
                 Participant:

                                  (1)  ceased to be a Participant as the result
                 of his or her retirement;

                                  (2)  makes such contribution to the Trust
                 within eighteen (18) calendar months from the date of his or
                 her retirement; and

                                  (3) has not otherwise received a distribution
                 of his or her Individual Account pursuant to Section 6.5.

                          (b) Any such contribution shall at all times be fully
                 vested and nonforfeitable.  Such contribution shall be
                 invested in the investment options selected by the Participant
                 in accordance with Article IV, in the same percentage amounts
                 as are invested the Participant's Elective Deferrals.

                          (c)  For purposes of this Section, an eligible
                 rollover distribution or transfer from a conduit IRA means:

                                  (1)  an eligible rollover distribution,





                                      -2-
<PAGE>   3

                 within the meaning of Code Section 402, which is transferred
                 to this Plan by the Participant no later than sixty (60) days
                 following the day on which the Participant received the
                 property distributed;

                                  (2)  an eligible rollover distribution,
                 within the meaning of Code Section 402, which is transferred
                 to this Plan directly by another qualified trust at the
                 Participant's direction; or

                                  (3)  an amount transferred to this Plan,
                 within sixty (60) days of the Participant's receipt of
                 distribution thereof, from an individual retirement account or
                 annuity that has no assets other than assets (together with
                 earnings thereon) which were previously distributed to the
                 Participant as an eligible rollover distribution and which
                 were deposited in such conduit individual retirement account
                 or annuity within sixty (60) days of such previous
                 distribution.

                 For purposes of an eligible rollover distribution described in
                 (1) above, the Participant may contribute an amount equal to
                 the gross amount of the distribution, notwithstanding that a
                 portion of the distribution may have been subject to mandatory
                 income tax withholding.

         3.  A new Section 6.8 is added to Article VI to read as follows:

                 6.8  Direct Rollover.

                          (a)  With respect to any distribution of $200 or more
                 described in this Article VI which constitutes an eligible
                 rollover distribution within the meaning of Code Section
                 401(a) (31) (C), the distributee thereof shall, in accordance
                 with procedures established by the Committee, be afforded the
                 opportunity to direct that such distribution be transferred
                 directly to the trustee of an eligible retirement plan (a
                 "direct rollover").  For purposes of the foregoing sentence,
                 an "eligible retirement plan" is (1) a qualified trust within
                 the meaning of Code Section 402, which is a defined
                 contribution plan the terms of which permit the acceptance of
                 rollover distributions, (2) an individual retirement account
                 or annuity within the meaning of Code Section 408 (other than
                 an endowment contract), or (3) an annuity plan within the
                 meaning of Code Section 403 (a), which is specified by the
                 distributee in such form and at such time as the Committee may
                 prescribe.





                                      -3-
<PAGE>   4

                          (b)  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the
                 distributee elects to have his or her eligible rollover
                 distribution paid in part to him or her and paid in part as a
                 direct rollover:

                                        (1)  The direct rollover must be in an
                 amount of $500 or more; and

                                        (2)  A direct rollover to two or more
                 eligible retirement plans shall not be permitted.
                 
                          (c)  The Committee shall, within a reasonable period
                 of time prior to making an eligible rollover distribution from
                 this Plan, provide a written explanation to the distributee of
                 the direct rollover option described above, if applicable, as
                 well as the provisions under which such distribution will not
                 be subject to tax if transferred to an eligible retirement
                 plan within 60 days after the date on which the distributee
                 received the distribution.

         4.  Section 11.8 is revised in its entirety to read as follows:

                 Section 11.8  Withholding of Income Tax.

                          (a)  Notification of Withholding of Federal Income
                 Tax.  All Participants and beneficiaries entitled to receive
                 benefits under the Plan shall be notified of the Plan's
                 obligation to withhold federal income tax from any benefits
                 payable pursuant to the terms of the Plan.  Such notice shall
                 be in writing, be given at the times set forth in subsection
                 (b) and contain the information set forth in subsection (c) of
                 this Section.

                          (b)  Time of Notice.  The notice described in
                 subsection (a) shall be provided not earlier than six months
                 before such payment is to be made and not later than the time
                 the Participant or beneficiary is furnished with his or her
                 claim for benefits application.

                          (c)  Content of the Notice.  The notice required by
                 subsection (a) shall, at a minimum:

                                  (1)  with respect to any distribution which
                 is not an eligible rollover distribution within the meaning of
                 Code Section 3405(c) (3) (other than an eligible rollover
                 distribution of less than $200 which is exempt from
                 withholding under regulations prescribed





                                      -4-
<PAGE>   5

                 by the Secretary of the Treasury), advise the payee that there
                 shall be withheld from such distribution an amount equal to 20
                 percent thereof (or such other amount as may from time to time
                 be prescribed by the Code, or the Secretary of the Treasury or
                 his delegate), unless the payee directs the Committee to
                 transfer such distribution as a direct rollover to an eligible
                 retirement plan, within the meaning of Section 6.8(a) hereof,
                 in accordance with such procedures as the Committee may
                 prescribe (a "transfer direction"),

                                  (2)  with respect to any distribution which
                 is not an eligible rollover distribution within the meaning of
                 Code Section 3405(c) (3):

                                        (A)  advise the payee of his or her
                 right to elect not to have withholding apply to any payment or
                 distribution and explain the manner in which such election may
                 be made, and include or indicate the source of any forms
                 necessary to make the election;

                                        (B)  advise the payee that penalties
                 may be incurred under the estimated tax payment rules if the
                 payee's payments of estimated tax are not adequate and
                 sufficient tax is not withheld from payments under this Plan;
                 and

                                        (C)  advise the payee that the election
                 not to have federal income tax withheld from benefits is
                 prospective only and that any election made after a payment or
                 distribution to the payee is not an election with respect to
                 such payment or distribution.

                          (d)  Effective Date of Elections.  Any transfer
                 direction, election or revocation of any election by a payee
                 shall become effective immediately upon receipt by the
                 Committee of the transfer direction, election or revocation.
                 Thereafter, the Committee shall, unless otherwise provided by
                 applicable law, regulation or other guidance by the Secretary
                 of the Treasury or his delegate, instruct the Trustee to
                 withhold federal income tax in accordance or consistent with
                 the instructions filed by the payee.

                          (e)  Failure to Make Election.

                                  (1)  In the case of an eligible rollover
                 distribution, if the payee fails to provide the Committee with
                 a transfer direction, the Committee shall instruct the Trustee
                 to withhold an amount equal to 20% of the amount of the
                 distribution (or such other amount as may be from time to time
                 prescribed by the





                                      -5-
<PAGE>   6

                 Code, or the Secretary of the Treasury or his delegate).

                                  (2)  In the case of a distribution which is
                 not an eligible rollover distribution, if the payee fails to
                 provide the Committee with a withholding certificate, the
                 Committee shall instruct the Trustee to withhold an amount
                 equal to 10% of the amount of the distribution.

                          (f)  Coordination with Internal Revenue Code and
                 Regulations.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee
                 shall discharge its withholding and notice obligations in
                 accordance with the Code and regulations and such other
                 guidance with respect thereto as may be promulgated from time
                 to time by the Secretary of the Treasury or his delegate.


                 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, United Parcel Service of America, Inc. has
caused this Amendment No. 11 to the Plan to be executed this ___________ day of
____________________, 1993.


ATTEST:                            UNITED PARCEL SERVICE OF
                                   AMERICA, INC.

By:                                                              
   ----------------------------    ------------------------------
   Secretary





                                      -6-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.(X)(7)
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT # 12 TO THE UPS SAVINGS PLAN
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                EXHIBIT 10(x)(7)


                                AMENDMENT NO. 12
                                       TO
                              THE UPS SAVINGS PLAN


                 WHEREAS, United Parcel Service of America, Inc. ("UPS") and
its affiliated corporations established, effective July 1, 1988, the UPS
Savings Plan (the "Plan") in order to permit their eligible employees to put
money aside on a tax deferred basis to supplement that which they will receive
under Social Security and other pension and retirement plans; and

                 WHEREAS, the Plan has been amended eleven times before, the
most recent being Amendment No. 11 effective as of January 1, 1993; and

                 WHEREAS, it is desired to amend the Plan further to conform to
the disclosure requirements with respect to the participant-directed investment
of Plan accounts, described in the final regulation to Section 404(c) of ERISA.

                 NOW THEREFORE, pursuant to the authority vested in the Board
of Directors by Section 9.1 of the Plan, the Plan is hereby amended in the
following respects, effective January 1, 1994:

                 1.       Subsection 4.4 is amended by adding the following
sentence immediately prior to the first sentence of subsection (a) thereof:

                          It is intended that the Plan satisfy the conditions
                 for the participant-directed investment of Plan accounts
                 contained in Section 404(c) of ERISA and the regulation
                 thereunder (Labor Regulation Section 2550.404c-1), so as to
                 afford to each Participant the





                                      
<PAGE>   2

                 opportunity to exercise control over the assets in his or her
                 Individual Account and to choose, from a broad range of
                 investment alternatives, the manner in which said assets are
                 invested.

                 2.       Section 4.4 is further amended by adding a new
subsection (b), to read as follows:

                          (b)     In order to provide Participants the
                 opportunity to obtain sufficient information to make informed
                 decisions with regard to investment alternatives available
                 under the Plan:

                                  (1)      The Committee or its designee shall
                 provide each Participant, by means of the summary plan
                 description or by separate written communication, with the
                 following information:

                                        (A)     An explanation that the Plan is
                 intended to constitute a plan described in Section 404(c) of
                 ERISA and the regulation thereunder, and that the fiduciaries
                 of the Plan may be relieved of liability for any losses which
                 are the direct and necessary result of investment instructions
                 given by the Participant.

                                        (B)     With respect to each Investment
                 Option, a general description of the investment objectives and
                 risk and return characteristics of such Investment Option,
                 including information relating to the type and diversification
                 of assets comprising the portfolio of the Investment Option.

                                        (C)     Identification of the
                 investment manager with respect to each Investment Option.

                                        (D)     An explanation of the
                 circumstances under which Participants may give investment
                 instructions and any limitations or restrictions on such
                 instructions, including any restrictions with





                                      -2-
<PAGE>   3

                 respect to transfers to or between Investment Options, and, if
                 voting, tender or similar rights with respect to investments
                 held in an Investment Option are passed through to
                 Participants, any restrictions on such rights.

                                        (E)     A description of any
                 transaction fees and expenses which affect the Participant's
                 Account balance in connection with the purchase or sale of
                 interests in the several Investment Options (e.g.,
                 commissions, sales loads, deferred sales charges, redemption
                 or exchange fees).

                                        (F)  The name, address and telephone
                 number of the Plan fiduciary (or its designee) which is
                 responsible for the provision of information upon request as
                 described in paragraph (2) below.

                                        (G)     Such other information as may
                 be required to be disclosed to Participants, with respect to
                 an Investment Option, in accordance with Labor Regulation
                 Section 2550.404c-1(b)(2)(B)(1).

                                  (2)      The Committee or its designee shall
                 provide each Participant with the following information upon
                 request, based on the latest information available to the
                 Plan:

                                        (A)     A description of the annual
                 operating expenses of each Investment Option (e.g., investment
                 management or administrative fees, transaction costs) which
                 reduce the Option's rate of return to Participants and
                 beneficiaries, and the aggregate amount of such expenses
                 expressed as a percentage of the average net assets of the
                 Investment Option.

                                        (B)     Copies of prospectuses,
                 financial statements and reports relating to the available
                 Investment Options, to the extent such information is provided
                 to the Plan.





                                      -3-
<PAGE>   4

                                        (C)     A list of the assets comprising
                 the portfolio of Investment Option A (fixed rate investment
                 fund), the value of each such asset (or the proportion of the
                 fund which it comprises) and, with respect to each fixed rate
                 investment contract held in such fund, the name of the issuing
                 bank, savings and loan association or insurance company, the
                 term of the contract and the rate of return on the contract.

                                        (D)     With respect to any other
                 Investment Option the assets comprising the portfolio of which
                 are "plan assets" within the meaning of Labor Regulation
                 Section 2510.3-101, a list of such assets and the value of
                 each such asset, or the proportion of the portfolio which it
                 comprises.

                                        (E)     Information regarding the past
                 and current investment performance of each Investment Option.

                                        (F)     Information regarding the value
                 of the Participant's Account invested in each Investment
                 Option.

                                        (G)     Such other information as may
                 be required to be disclosed upon request to Participants, with
                 respect to an Investment Option, in accordance with Labor
                 Regulation Section  2550.404c-1(b)(2)(B)(2).


                 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, United Parcel Service of America, Inc. has
caused this Amendment No. 12 to the Plan to be executed this           
day of             1994.


ATTEST:                            UNITED PARCEL SERVICE OF
                                   AMERICA, INC.

By:                                                              
   ----------------------------    ------------------------------





                                      -4-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.(X)(8)
<SEQUENCE>8
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT # 13 TO THE UPS SAVINGS PLAN
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                               EXHIBIT 10(x)(8)


                                AMENDMENT NO. 13
                                       TO
                              THE UPS SAVINGS PLAN


                 WHEREAS, United Parcel Service of America, Inc. ("UPS") and
its affiliated corporations established, effective July 1, 1988, the UPS
Savings Plan (the "Plan") in order to permit their eligible employees to put
money aside on a tax deferred basis to supplement that which they will receive
under Social Security and other pension and retirement plans; and

                 WHEREAS, the Plan has been amended twelve times before, the
most recent being Amendment No. 12 effective as of January 1, 1994; and

                 WHEREAS, it is desired to amend the Plan further to add the
Fidelity Magellan Fund as an additional investment option available to
Participants.

                 NOW THEREFORE, pursuant to the authority vested in the Board
of Directors by Section 9.1 of the Plan, the Plan is hereby amended in the
following respects, effective February 1, 1994:

                 1.       Section 4.4(a) is amended as follows:

                          a.      The following investment Option E is added,
immediately following the description of Options A, B, C and D:

                          OPTION E -              the Fidelity Magellan Fund,
                                                  managed by Fidelity
                                                  Management & Research
                                                  Company, consisting primarily
                                                  of common stocks and
                                                  securities convertible into
                                                  common stocks, with the





                                      
<PAGE>   2

                                                  primary objective of capital
                                                  appreciation.

                          b.      The penultimate sentence thereof is revised
by deleting the words "among Options A, B, C and D" and by substituting in lieu
thereof the words "among Options A, B, C, D and E."

                 2.       Section 4.7 is modified by deleting the words "among
Options A, B, C and D" and by substituting in lieu thereof the words "among
Options A, B, C, D and E."

                 3.       Section 4.8 is modified by deleting the words
"Options A, B, C, and D" in both places where they appear and by substituting
in lieu thereof the words "Options A, B, C, D and E.

                 4.       Section 4.10 is modified by deleting the words "among
Options A, B, C and D" in each place they appear and by substituting in lieu
thereof the words "among Options A, B, C, D and E."


                 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, United Parcel Service of America, Inc. has
caused this Amendment No. 13 to the Plan to be executed this           day of
         1994.


ATTEST:                            UNITED PARCEL SERVICE OF
                                   AMERICA, INC.

By:                                                              
   ----------------------------    ------------------------------





                                      -2-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.(X)(9)
<SEQUENCE>9
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMANT # 14 TO THE UPS SAVINGS PLAN
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1

                                                              EXHIBIT 10(x)(9)

                                AMENDMENT NO. 14
                                       TO
                              THE UPS SAVINGS PLAN


                 WHEREAS, United Parcel Service of America, Inc. ("UPS") and
its affiliated corporations established, effective July 1, 1988, the UPS
Savings Plan (the "Plan") in order to permit their eligible employees to put
money aside on a tax deferred basis to supplement that which they will receive
under Social Security and other pension and retirement plans; and

                 WHEREAS, the Plan has been amended thirteen times before, the
most recent being Amendment No. 13 effective as of February 1, 1994; and

                 WHEREAS, it is desired to amend the Plan further to eliminate
the requirement that U. S. Government and U. S.  Governmental agency
obligations forming a part of the investments in the Fixed Rate Investment Fund
be guaranteed as to the repayment of principal and the payment of interest by
the full faith and credit of the United States;

                 NOW THEREFORE, pursuant to the authority vested in the Board
of Directors by Section 9.1 of the Plan, the Plan is hereby amended in the
following respects, effective February 1, 1994:

                 1.       Section 4.4(a) is amended by deleting the description
of Investment "Option A" and inserting in lieu thereof the following:

                 "OPTION A        -        A fixed rate investment fund, as
                                           designated by the Committee or 
                                           its delegate,





                                      
<PAGE>   2

                                           consisting of fixed interest rate
                                           obligations issued by one or more
                                           domestic insurance companies or
                                           domestic banks each of which
                                           satisfies the asset and
                                           creditworthiness requirements
                                           described below, and collective
                                           short-term investment funds which
                                           satisfy the creditworthiness
                                           requirements described below.  The
                                           fixed interest rate obligations
                                           shall, in accordance with guidelines
                                           established by the Committee,
                                           consist of either or both of the
                                           following:

                                           -      fixed interest rate contracts
                                                  under which the payment of
                                                  interest and principal is
                                                  backed by the general assets
                                                  and surplus of the insurance
                                                  company or bank.
                                            
                                           -      fixed interest rate contracts
                                                  under which the payment of
                                                  interest and principal is
                                                  backed by a separate account
                                                  or trust portfolio of
                                                  short-term debt securities
                                                  which are (i) direct
                                                  obligations of the United
                                                  States, (ii) obligations of
                                                  an agency or instrumentality
                                                  of the United States, or
                                                  (iii) securities or receipts
                                                  evidencing ownership
                                                  interests in obligations or
                                                  specified portions (such as
                                                  principal or interest) of
                                                  obligations described in (i)
                                                  or (ii).

                                           Each such insurance company or bank
                                           issuing a fixed rate obligation
                                           described above shall have at least
                                           five billion dollars in assets, and
                                           shall maintain a minimum Standard &
                                           Poor's rating of AA- or a minimum
                                           Moody's rating of Aa3.

                                           Pending investment in fixed rate
                                           obligations described above or for
                                           the purpose of providing a source of
                                           liquid funds for anticipated
                                           transfers, monies invested in Option
                                           A may be invested in one or more
                                           collective short-term investment
                                           funds, the investments under





                                      -2-
<PAGE>   3

                                           which shall consist of short-term
                                           obligations or deposits, with an
                                           average maturity of not more than
                                           120 days and a maximum maturity of
                                           not more than 30 months, which are
                                           rated at least A1 by Standard &
                                           Poor's and P1 by Moody's (or rated
                                           at least AA in the case of
                                           obligations with a maturity of 12
                                           months or more) at the time of
                                           acquisition."

                 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, United Parcel Service of America, Inc. has
caused this Amendment No. 14 to the Plan to be executed this           day of
        1994.


ATTEST:                            UNITED PARCEL SERVICE OF
                                   AMERICA, INC.

By:                                                              
   ----------------------------    ------------------------------





                                      -3-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.(X)(10)
<SEQUENCE>10
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT # 15 TO THE UPS SAVINGS PLAN
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                              EXHIBIT 10(x)(10)


                                AMENDMENT NO. 15
                                     TO THE
                                UPS SAVINGS PLAN

         WHEREAS, United Parcel Service of America, Inc. (the "Employer") and
its affiliated corporations established, effective July 1, 1988, the UPS
Savings Plan (the "Plan") in order to permit their eligible employees to put
money aside on a tax deferred basis to supplement that which they will receive
from Social Security and other pension or retirement plans in which they
participate; and

         WHEREAS, the Plan has been amended fourteen times before, the most
recent being Amendment No. 14, effective as of February 1, 1994; and

         WHEREAS, it is desired to amend the Plan further to (i) reflect the
changes to the annual dollar limit on compensation under Section 401(a)(17) of
the Internal Revenue Code; and (ii) to make certain other technical changes;

         NOW THEREFORE, pursuant to the authority vested in the Board of
Directors by Section 9.1 of the Plan, the Plan is hereby amended in the
following respects, effective January 1, 1989:

         1.      Subsection 1.1(b) is revised to read as follows:

                          (b) "Actual Deferral Percentage" means, for a
                 specified group of Employees for a Plan Year, the average of
                 the percentages (calculated separately for each Eligible
                 Employee in the group) of the compensation deferred by each
                 such Employee under this Plan, in accordance with Section
                 401(k)(3)(B) of the Code.  For purposes of the foregoing,
                 compensation shall mean any of the following, as determined by
                 the Committee in a uniform manner with respect to all Eligible
                 Employees for the Plan Year:

                                  (1)      Compensation within the meaning of
                 Section 1.1(dd) (which includes amounts contributed as
                 Elective Deferrals to this Plan);

                                  (2)      The Eligible Employee's taxable
                 compensation from the Employer Company reported on Form W-2
                 for the Plan Year; or

                                  (3)      Such other nondiscriminatory
                 definition of compensation which satisfies the requirements of
                 Code Section 414(s) and the regulations thereunder.

                          In no event, however, shall an Eligible Employee's
                 annual compensation for purposes of this Section 1.1(b) exceed
                 the applicable dollar limit set forth in Section 1.1(h).





<PAGE>   2

         2.      Section 1.1(h) is revised to read as follows:

                          "Eligible Compensation" means the compensation or
                 wages paid to an Employee for the Plan Year by reason of his
                 or her employment by the Employer Company, including overtime
                 pay and commissions, and before any payroll deductions,
                 including Elective Deferrals hereunder, and salary reduction
                 contributions, if any, made on behalf of an Employee to the
                 UPS Flexible Benefits Plan or other plan described in Section
                 125 of the Code (other than Benefit Credits extended to the
                 Employee under the Flexible Benefits Plan), but excluding
                 bonuses, expense reimbursements and amounts allocated (other
                 than described as above) or benefits paid under any employee
                 benefit plan of the Employer Company.  Notwithstanding the
                 foregoing, in no event shall the compensation of any Eligible
                 Employee as determined for the purposes of this Plan and taken
                 into account for any Plan Year exceed the following annual
                 dollar limitations:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                            Plan Year                     Compensation Limit
                            ---------                     ------------------
                               <S>                             <C>          
                               1989                            $200,000

                               1990                            $209,200

                               1991                            $222,220

                               1992                            $228,860

                               1993                            $235,840

                               1994                            $150,000

                       1995 and later years                    $150,000,   increased by the applicable cost-of-living adjustment, if
                                                                           any, for the calendar year sanctioned by Code
                                                                           Section 401(a)(17).
</TABLE>

                    In determining the compensation of an Eligible Employee,
             any compensation paid by the Employer Company to the spouse or
             lineal descendant (who has not attained age 19 before the close of
             the Plan Year) of an Eligible Employee who is (i) a 5% owner as
             defined in section 416(i) of the Code or (ii) one of the 10
             employees of the Employer Company paid the greatest compensation
             during the Plan Year shall be treated as compensation paid to such
             Eligible Employee.  If, as the result of the application of the
             foregoing sentence the applicable dollar limitation is exceeded,
             then such limitation shall be prorated among the affected
             individuals in proportion to each such individual's compensation
             as determined for purposes of this Plan prior to the application
             of the dollar limitations.

       3.    The following sentence is added to the end of Section 1.1(dd):

                    A Participant's Compensation shall not, however, exceed the
             applicable dollar limit set forth in Section 1.1(h).

       4.    Section 8.3 is revised to read as follows:

                    Authority of Committee.  The Committee shall establish
             rules for the administration of the Plan, and shall decide




                                     - 2 -
<PAGE>   3

             all questions arising in the administration of the Plan not
             specifically delegated or reserved to the Board of Directors, to
             the Employer, or to the Trustee.  Except as otherwise herein
             expressly provided, the Committee shall have the exclusive right
             and discretion to interpret the Plan, to construe the Plan's
             terms, and to decide any matters arising in and with respect to
             the administration and operation of the Plan, and, subject to the
             claims procedure described at Section 8.5, any interpretations or
             decisions so made shall be final and binding on all persons;
             provided, however, that all such interpretations and decisions
             shall be applied in a uniform manner to all persons.

       5.    Section 12.1(i) is revised to read as follows:

                    (i) "Total Compensation" is the Participant's compensation
             as defined in Section 415(c)(3) of the Code, but shall not exceed
             the applicable dollar amount set forth in Section 1.1(h).

       6.    Section 12.3 is deleted, and Sections 12.4 and 12.5 are renumbered
as Sections 12.3 and 12.4, respectively.

       7.    Effective July 1, 1994, Section 4.12(a)(2) revised to read as
follows:

                    Makes such contribution to the Trust within eighteen (18)
             calendar months from the date of his or her retirement, or if,
             later, within three (3) months from the date such Former
             Participant's interest in the UPS Thrift Plan, if any, is actually
             transferred from the General Fund to the Distribution Fund
             pursuant to the terms of such plan.

       IN WITNESS WHEREOF, United Parcel Service of America, Inc. has caused
this Amendment No. 15 to the Plan to be executed this 2nd day of December 1994.


ATTEST:                            UNITED PARCEL SERVICE OF
                                   AMERICA, INC.

By:                                                              
   ----------------------------    ------------------------------
   Secretary                       Chairman




                                    - 3 -
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>11
<DESCRIPTION>SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                     EXHIBIT 21


                      (21) Subsidiaries of the Registrant

                                 March 24, 1995


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         State of                    Date of
Parent Company                                           Incorporation            Incorporation
--------------                                           -------------            -------------
<S>                                                      <C>                      <C>
United Parcel Service of America, Inc.                   Delaware                 May 9, 1930

  Wholly Owned Subsidiaries
  -------------------------

  United Parcel Service Co.                              Delaware                 January 22, 1953
  United Parcel Service Deutschland Inc.                 Delaware                 September 10, 1980
  United Parcel Service General Services Co.             Delaware                 November 4, 1957
  United Parcel Service, Inc.                            New York                 June 27, 1930
  United Parcel Service, Inc.                            Ohio                     March 19, 1934

  United Parcel Service, Inc. (Virginia)                 Virginia                 September 21, 1970
  UPS Customhouse Brokerage, Inc.                        Delaware                 April 1, 1985
  UPS International General Services Co.                 Delaware                 August 12, 1988
  UPS International, Inc.                                Delaware                 July 5, 1988
     UPS International Forwarding, Inc.                  Delaware                 August 13, 1990
     UPS of Ireland, Inc.                                Delaware                 January 9, 1992
     UPS of Argentina, Inc.                              Delaware                 March 17, 1992
     UPS of Brazil, Inc.                                 Delaware                 November 12, 1993
     UPS of Portugal, Inc.                               Delaware                 June 30, 1992
     UPS of Norway, Inc.                                 Delaware                 September 25, 1992
     United Parcel Service Espana Ltd.                   Delaware                 December 4, 1992
     United Parcel Service Italia, S.R.L.                Delaware                 January 11, 1993
  UPS Truck Leasing, Inc.                                Delaware                 September 11, 1981

  UPS Worldwide Forwarding, Inc.                         Delaware                 August 12, 1988
  UPS Worldwide Logistics, Inc.                          Delaware                 December 18, 1992
  UPICO Corporation                                      Delaware                 December 26, 1974
  Jet Fuel Service Co.                                   Delaware                 February 7, 1989
  Diversified Trimodal, Inc.                             Delaware                 July 25, 1979

  Merchants Parcel Delivery                              Washington               April 5, 1909
  Texas United Parcel Service, Inc.                      Texas                    March 16, 1951
  Trailer Conditioners, Inc.                             Delaware                 March 22, 1982
  II Morrow, Inc.                                        Oregon                   March 9, 1982
  Red Arrow Bonded Messenger Corporation                 California               November 16, 1922

  UPS Air Leasing, Inc.                                  Delaware                 October 12, 1989
     Avenair Corporation                                 Nevada                   November 14, 1994
     Nevair Corporation                                  Nevada                   November 10, 1994
  Roadnet Technologies, Inc.                             Delaware                 May 12, 1986
  UPS Telecommunications, Inc.                           Delaware                 April 25, 1990
  UPS Properties, Inc.                                   Delaware                 May 9, 1990
     El Paso Distribution Center, Inc. (One)             Texas                    September 17, 1990
     El Paso Distribution Center, Inc. (Two)             Texas                    September 17, 1990
     Tri-State Distribution, Inc. (One)                  Illinois                 September 14, 1990
     Tri-State Distribution, Inc. (Two)                  Illinois                 September 14, 1990
     Tri-State Distribution, Inc. (Three)                Illinois                 September 14, 1990
     Tri-State Distribution, Inc. (Four)                 Illinois                 September 14, 1990
     Tri-State Distribution, Inc. (Five)                 Illinois                 September 14, 1990
     Vista Distribution Center, Inc. (One)               Nevada                   September 14, 1990
     Vista Distribution Center, Inc. (Two)               Nevada                   September 14, 1990
     Vista Distribution Center, Inc. (Three)             Nevada                   September 14, 1990
     Vista Distribution Center, Inc. (Four)              Nevada                   September 14, 1990
     Vista Distribution Center, Inc. (Five)              Nevada                   September 14, 1990
  Upinsco, Inc.                                          U.S. Virgin Islands      December 1, 1994
</TABLE>





<PAGE>   2

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         State of                 Date of
  Wholly Owned Subsidiaries (cont.)                      Incorporation            Incorporation
  -------------------------                              -------------            -------------
  <S>                                                    <C>                      <C>
  Adi Realty Company                                     Idaho                    March 30, 1979
  Alko Corporation                                       Oklahoma                 December 7, 1976
  Bardale Company                                        Illinois                 July 1, 1965
  Basplaz Corporation                                    Delaware                 January 16, 1987
  Brastock Corporation                                   Nebraska                 April 15, 1974

  Brookind Corporation                                   Illinois                 January 26, 1970
  Buckroe Corporation                                    Alabama                  September 17, 1984
  Burdence Corporation                                   Rhode Island             September 26, 1969
  Chasreal, Inc.                                         West Virginia            January 20, 1965
  Cleve Company                                          Ohio                     December 19, 1958

  Cova Corporation                                       Virginia                 March 13, 1978
  Dakkel Corporation                                     South Dakota             February 11, 1971
  Dalho Corporation                                      Texas                    January 29, 1970
  Darico, Inc.                                           Connecticut              May 26, 1969
  Daven Corporation                                      Iowa                     June 14, 1976

  Deerfield Corporation                                  Illinois                 June 20, 1986
  Denado Corporation                                     Colorado                 March 1, 1971
  Dullesport Corporation                                 Virginia                 September 2, 1987
  Edison Corporation                                     New Jersey               April 21, 1970
  Elsil Corporation                                      Illinois                 July 3, 1986

  Evind Corporation                                      Indiana                  November 6, 1969
  Fardak Corporation                                     North Dakota             February 11, 1971
  Galanta Company                                        Georgia                  July 15, 1968
  Kylou, Inc.                                            Kentucky                 May 24, 1982
  Labar Corporation                                      Louisiana                October 12, 1983

  Lakefair Corporation                                   Virginia                 September 1, 1987
  Mascester Company, Inc.                                Massachusetts            June 13, 1969
  Masreal Company, Inc.                                  Massachusetts            November 8, 1962
  Mexalb Corporation                                     New Mexico               September 15, 1975
  Minneagen Real Estate Company                          Minnesota                January 28, 1985

  Missjack Company                                       Mississippi              January 4, 1971
  Montbill Corporation                                   Montana                  July 22, 1976
  Moroc Corporation                                      Missouri                 October 16, 1972
  Newbany Corporation                                    New York                 September 23, 1969
  Nubee, Inc.                                            New York                 December 9, 1943

  Oshcon Corporation                                     Wisconsin                April 16, 1974
  Parkprop, Inc.                                         Kansas                   March 7, 1989
  Penallen Corporation                                   Pennsylvania             July 7, 1969
  Ralcar Corporation                                     North Carolina           April 20, 1970
  Rockapar Corporation                                   Arkansas                 April 30, 1973

  Royoak, Incorporated                                   Michigan                 July 10, 1969
  Sallad Corporation                                     Texas                    February 26, 1982
  Saluta Corporation                                     Utah                     February 22, 1977
  Saskan Corporation                                     Kansas                   June 16, 1969
     Kacika Corporation                                  Kansas                   November 13, 1984
  Socol Company, Inc.                                    South Carolina           July 2, 1969
</TABLE>





                                      -2-
<PAGE>   3

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         State of                 Date of
  Wholly Owned Subsidiaries (cont.)                      Incorporation            Incorporation
  -------------------------                              -------------            -------------
  <S>                                                    <C>                      <C>
  Solacal Company                                        California               February 16, 1966
     Lacalos Corporation                                 Nevada                   January 29, 1986
  Sophil Company                                         Pennsylvania             August 22, 1962
  South Seventh Corporation                              Washington               June 11, 1969
  Stadiana, Inc.                                         Indiana                  April 1, 1959
  Swanpor Corporation                                    Oregon                   May 13, 1970

  Temphis Corporation                                    Tennessee                September 10, 1969
  Valacal Company                                        California               July 7, 1966
  Verbal Corporation                                     Maryland                 September 18, 1969
  Verlas Corporation                                     Nevada                   March 24, 1971
  Willmanch Corporation                                  New Hampshire            October 30, 1973

  Wycas Corporation                                      Wyoming                  June 10, 1976
  Wyld, Inc.                                             Delaware                 September 5, 1980
</TABLE>





                                      -3-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>12
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1



                                  EXHIBIT 23
                                       
                                       
                         INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' CONSENT


         We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration
Statements No. 33-46840, 33-57179 and 33-12576 (on Form S-8) and No. 33-54297
(on Form S-3) of United Parcel Service of America, Inc. of our report dated
February 8, 1995, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of United Parcel
Service of America, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 1994.





DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP


Atlanta, Georgia
March 29, 1995
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>13
<DESCRIPTION>FINANCIAL DATA SCHEDULE
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 5
<MULTIPLIER> 1,000
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          DEC-31-1994
<PERIOD-END>                               DEC-31-1994
<CASH>                                         261,038
<SECURITIES>                                         0
<RECEIVABLES>                                1,592,494
<ALLOWANCES>                                         0
<INVENTORY>                                          0
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                             3,023,479
<PP&E>                                      13,092,901
<DEPRECIATION>                               5,325,159
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                              11,182,404
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                        2,902,485
<BONDS>                                      1,127,405
<COMMON>                                        58,000
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                          0
<OTHER-SE>                                   4,589,249
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                11,182,404
<SALES>                                     19,575,690
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                            19,575,690
<CGS>                                                0
<TOTAL-COSTS>                               18,019,744
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                     0
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                     0
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                              29,211
<INCOME-PRETAX>                              1,575,376
<INCOME-TAX>                                   632,047
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                            943,329
<DISCONTINUED>                                       0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                   943,329
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                     1.63
<EPS-DILUTED>                                     1.63
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
