-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 cwX5179NswEBb2IBGRfaTx27MbtZOYTGQvEcBcpVZ5bTZX1PC7BmECGsel4L+s7m
 MFXM/9pR/RYGdHZH2t5KCw==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000912057-94-004036.txt : 19941205
<IMS-HEADER>0000912057-94-004036.hdr.sgml : 19941205
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000912057-94-004036
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19940831
FILED AS OF DATE:		19941123
SROS:			NASD

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UNITED STATIONERS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000355999
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	5110
		IRS NUMBER:				363141189
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0830

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-10653
		FILM NUMBER:		94561813

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2200 E GOLF RD
		CITY:			DES PLAINES
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60016-1267
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7086995000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 2:		2200 E GOLF ROAD
		CITY:			DES PLAINES
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			600161267
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                              WASHINGTON, DC 20549

                                    FORM 10-K

(Mark One)
   / / X      ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
                 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (FEE REQUIRED)

                    For the fiscal year ended August 31, 1994

                                       OR

   / /      TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
                         SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                         Commission file number 0-10653


                             UNITED STATIONERS INC.
             (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

               DELAWARE                           36-3141189
     (State or other jurisdiction of           (I.R.S. Employer
     incorporation or organization)           Identification No.)

          2200 EAST GOLF ROAD                     60016-1267
         DES PLAINES, ILLINOIS                    (Zip Code)
(Address of principal executive offices)

       REGISTRANT'S TELEPHONE NUMBER, INCLUDING AREA CODE: (708) 699-5000

           SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT:

               Title of each Class           Name of each exchange on
                                                 which registered
                      None                              N/A
                -----------------                 --------------

           SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT:

                          Common Stock, $.10 par value
                                (Title of Class)

     INDICATE BY CHECK MARK WHETHER THE REGISTRANT (1) HAS FILED ALL REPORTS
REQUIRED TO BE FILED BY SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934 DURING THE PRECEDING 12 MONTHS (OR FOR SUCH SHORTER PERIOD THAT THE
REGISTRANT WAS REQUIRED TO FILE SUCH REPORTS), AND (2) HAS BEEN SUBJECT TO SUCH
FILING REQUIREMENTS FOR THE PAST 90 DAYS. (1) YES  X   NO     (2) YES  X  NO
                                                  ---     ---         ---    ---

     INDICATE BY CHECK MARK IF DISCLOSURE OF DELINQUENT FILERS PURSUANT TO ITEM
405 OF REGULATION S-K IS NOT CONTAINED HEREIN, AND WILL NOT BE CONTAINED, TO THE
BEST OF REGISTRANT'S KNOWLEDGE, IN DEFINITIVE PROXY OR INFORMATION STATEMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE IN PART III OF THIS FORM 10-K OR ANY AMENDMENT TO THIS
FORM 10-K. [   ]

     AS OF NOVEMBER 14, 1994, 18,594,357 SHARES OF COMMON STOCK WERE
OUTSTANDING, AND THE AGGREGATE MARKET VALUE OF THE SHARES OF COMMON STOCK HELD
BY NONAFFILIATES (BASED ON THE LAST SALE PRICE OF SUCH SHARES AS QUOTED BY
NASDAQ ON NOVEMBER 14, 1994) WAS APPROXIMATELY $133,024,012.

     PART III INCORPORATES INFORMATION BY REFERENCE FROM PORTIONS OF THE
REGISTRANT'S DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT FOR THE ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
SCHEDULED TO BE HELD ON JANUARY 11, 1995. PARTS II AND IV INCORPORATE
INFORMATION BY REFERENCE FROM PORTIONS OF THE REGISTRANT'S ANNUAL REPORT TO
STOCKHOLDERS FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED AUGUST 31, 1994.

- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<PAGE>

                     UNITED STATIONERS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
               FORM 10-K FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED AUGUST 31, 1994

                       CONTENTS AND CROSS REFERENCE SHEET
           FURNISHED PURSUANT TO GENERAL INSTRUCTION G(4) OF FORM 10-K
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT
FORM 10-K   FORM 10-K                                                            FORM 10-K        TO STOCKHOLDERS
 PART NO.    ITEM NO.              DESCRIPTION                                    PAGE NO.           PAGE NO.*
- - ---------   ---------              -----------                                   ---------        ---------------
<S>         <C>         <C>                                                      <C>              <C>
    I           1       Business                                                     1
                           General                                                   1
                           Products                                                  1
                           Customers                                                 1
                           Marketing and Sales                                       2
                           Distribution                                              3
                           Competition                                               3
                           Employees                                                 3
                           Canadian Operations                                       3
                           Hong Kong Trading Office                                  3
                2       Properties                                                   4
                           Executive Offices                                         4
                           Regional Distribution Centers                             4
                           Local Distribution Points                                 4
                           Canadian Facility                                         4
                           Hong Kong Trading Office                                  4
                3       Legal Proceedings                                            4
                4       Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders          4
                           Executive Officers of the Registrant                      5
    II          5       Market for Registrant's Common Equity and
                           Related Stockholder Matters                               5                 10-11
                6       Selected Financial Data                                      5                 10-11
                7       Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
                           Condition and Results of Operations                       6                  8-9
                8       Financial Statements and Supplementary Data                  6                 13-24
                9       Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on
                           Accounting and Financial Disclosure                       6
    III         10      Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant           6                   **
                11      Executive Compensation                                       6                   **
                12      Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
                           and Management                                            6                   **
                13      Certain Relationships and Related
                           Transactions                                              6
    IV          14      Exhibits, Financial Statements, Schedules, and
                           Reports on Form 8-K                                       7
Signatures                                                                          17

<FN>
- - -------------
     *    References are to pages in the Registrant's Annual Report to
          Stockholders for the fiscal year ended August 31, 1994, which are
          incorporated herein by reference.  SEE PART IV, EXHIBIT 13.

     **   Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's definitive Proxy
          Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on
          January 11, 1995, to be filed within 120 days after the end of the
          Registrant's fiscal year.
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

                                     PART I

ITEM 1.  BUSINESS
GENERAL
     United Stationers Inc. is the parent company for its direct wholly owned
subsidiary, United Stationers Supply Co.  Except where the context clearly
indicates otherwise, the terms "Company" or "United Stationers" as hereinafter
used include United Stationers Inc. together with its subsidiary.  MicroUnited
Inc., formerly a subsidiary of United Stationers Inc., was merged into United
Stationers Supply Co. on Aug. 31, 1994.

     United Stationers Supply Co. was incorporated in 1922 under the name
Utility Supply Co. and has operated under its present name since 1960.  United
Stationers Supply Co. serves office products dealers, office products
superstores, mail order houses, specialty retail stores, mass merchandisers, and
sanitary supply distributors.  Its MicroUnited division, which distributes
computer products, primarily serves computer products resellers, computer
superstores, national computer store chains, and mail order houses.  Its
furniture division distributes primarily to office furniture dealers.

     On June 24, 1992, United Stationers Supply Co. acquired Stationers
Distributing Company ("SDC"), a privately held wholesaler of office products
based in Fort Worth, Texas with annual revenues of more than $400 million.  SDC
was immediately merged into United Stationers Supply Co.

     The Company sells its products through a single national distribution
network to more than 14,000 resellers, who in turn sell directly to end users.
These products are distributed substantially within 24 hours through a computer-
based network of warehouse facilities and truck fleets radiating from 58
distribution points.  For Fiscal 1994, no single dealer accounted for more than
4% of the Company's consolidated net sales.  The Company's annual net sales to
individual dealers represent only a portion of each dealer's total purchases
from all sources.

PRODUCTS
     The Company is engaged in the wholesale distribution of a broad line of
business products to more than 14,000 resellers.  The Company distributes
approximately 25,000 items, including: traditional office supplies; office
furniture and desk accessories; office machines, equipment and supplies; and
computer hardware, peripherals and supplies; and facilities management supplies
such as safety and sanitation items.

     The Company's products are purchased from approximately 500 manufacturers.
The Company has distribution contracts with certain suppliers, under which the
Company's obligations are not material.  For Fiscal 1994, no single supplier
accounted for more than 9% of the total dollar amount of the Company's
purchases.  The Company historically has purchased on a purchase order basis.

CUSTOMERS
     United Stationers serves all segments of the office products, office
furniture and computer reseller markets.  In addition, the Company now serves
sanitary supply distributors.  The Company offers a menu of programs and
services designed to meet the diverse needs of each of these customer
categories.

     The mainstay of the office products industry continues to be commercial
dealers who typically serve large companies, institutions and government
agencies.  Through consolidation, these dealers are getting larger and becoming
even more important to the Company.  Commercial dealers remain one of United
Stationers' fastest growing customer classes.

     The independent dealer population has been declining for some time,
especially as dealerships are acquired and brought under an umbrella of common
ownership.  However, many independent office products dealers continue to
thrive, adapting to the highly competitive environment with the help of
resources the Company offers.

     Some independent dealers have joined forces in marketing and/or buying
groups.  United Stationers is the leading wholesale source for many of these
groups, providing not only merchandise but also special programs that enable
these dealers to utilize their combined strengths.

     While United Stationers maintains and builds its business with these
traditional dealers, the Company has also initiated programs with all major
office products superstore chains.  The Company sells superstores commodity
items as "fill-ins" when they are out of stock.  In addition, the Company has
placed catalog order stations in some of these stores, providing consumers the
opportunity to order items that superstores do not typically stock.


                                        1

<PAGE>

     Through its furniture division, United Stationers offers middle-grade
office furniture to both office products and office furniture dealers.  The
Company also provides computer-related products to all categories of computer
resellers through its MicroUnited division.  The Company provides marketing
materials and professional expertise to meet the various needs of these
resellers.

MARKETING AND SALES
     The Company concentrates its marketing efforts on providing value-added
services to resellers within the business products industry.  The Company
distributes products that are generally available at similar prices from
multiple sources, and most of its customers purchase their products from more
than one source.  As a result, the Company differentiates itself through broad
product selection, a high degree of product availability, a variety of customer
services and expeditious distribution capabilities.  The Company's significant
inventories and its advanced distribution system enable each of the Company's
customers to provide a high level of service to end users while minimizing the
reseller's own inventory requirements.  The Company maintains sufficient
inventory levels to ship from stock more than 90% of all items ordered.

     In addition to emphasizing its broad product line, extensive inventory,
computer integration and national distribution capabilities, the Company's
marketing programs have relied upon two additional major components.  First, the
Company produces catalogs that are usually custom imprinted with each dealer's
name.  These catalogs are sold to dealers who, in turn, distribute the catalogs
to their customers.  Second, the Company provides its dealers with a variety of
services, including business management systems, promotional programs and price
updating services.

     The Company produces numerous catalogs for placement with dealers' end-user
customers, including: an annual General Line Catalog listing 22,000 items; an
annual office furniture catalog featuring furniture and accessories; an Office
Impressions catalog featuring the Company's private-brand furniture; a quarterly
Concept 90 catalog offering approximately 1,000 high-volume commodity products;
annual Universal and Universal Plus catalogs promoting the Company's private-
brand merchandise; an annual Computer Products Catalog offering hardware,
peripherals and supplies; an annual Computer Concepts catalog; an annual
Facilities Management Supply catalog featuring janitorial and sanitation
supplies and ergonomic products; a business presentation products catalog; and
Access, a new promotional catalog.

     An office products dealer typically distributes only one wholesaler's
catalogs.  The dealer will often purchase products to meet customers' orders
from the wholesaler that provided the catalogs.  Consequently, the Company
attempts to maximize the distribution of its catalogs and, therefore, offers a
rebate and allowance program that can offset the purchase price of most
catalogs.  In addition, the Company provides a variety of dealer support and
marketing programs that are designed to create orders for dealers from their
end-user customers throughout the year.

     The Company began to focus on niche markets in Fiscal 1991 and has expanded
steadily upon this concept since then.  A furniture division was established to
offer national delivery and set up capabilities to office products dealers as
well as to attract new furniture dealers.  Other niche markets include computer-
related products, custom-imprinted items, facility management supplies and
business presentation products.

     The Company offers its dealers promotional programs at various times
throughout the year.  These programs offer retailers special prices on certain
brand-name and private-brand merchandise along with packaged promotional
materials, including newspaper and direct mail flyers.  In addition, a support
program is offered to help dealers develop their market through direct mail
techniques.

     To help inform dealers of price changes, the Company offers various price
updating services in hard copy and computer media formats.  The Company
publishes a pricing guide listing manufacturers' suggested retail prices.  For
computer updating, the Company provides its price files on diskettes and tapes
as well as through on-line access.

     The Company offers its dealers a range of electronic order entry and
business management systems.  The Company benefits by gaining an increasing
share of the dealers' business, while the dealers benefit through better control
and administration of their business.  The Company's most sophisticated
electronic management system enables dealers to manage critical business
functions including order entry, purchasing, pricing, accounts receivable,
accounts payable and inventory control.  In July 1993, United Stationers entered
into a joint venture, creating a new corporation called United Business
Computers, Inc. to enhance, market and support this system.  Other systems are
linked to the Company's computer network through dedicated or dial-up lines.
These systems allow instant stock checks and order entry for the approximately
25,000 items offered by the Company.


                                        2

<PAGE>

DISTRIBUTION
     The Company has a national network of 58 distribution points that generally
enables the Company to make its entire product line available to the customer
within 24 hours of order placement.  Each of the Company's 30 Regional
Distribution Centers carries most of the Company's full line of inventory.  The
Company supplements its Regional Distribution Centers with Local Distribution
Points throughout the United States that serve as will-call and reshipment
points for orders filled at the Regional Distribution Centers.  The Company's
truck fleet allows direct delivery from the Regional Distribution Centers and
Local Distribution Points to the dealers.

     The Company's computerized systems enable orders to be taken at any
Regional Distribution Center and filled from that or any other Regional
Distribution Center.  Dealers may elect to pick up their orders at the Regional
Distribution Center or choose to have them shipped from the Regional
Distribution Center to the dealer or directly to the dealer's customer.  The
merchandise may also be shipped to the Local Distribution Point that is closest
to the dealer (or the dealer's customer) for will-call, local delivery or
reshipment.

     The Company's ability to readily deliver its products can be impaired by
work stoppages by its employees.  Although the Company has maintained service
levels during past work stoppages by distributing to its customers from
unaffected distribution centers, profitability has been reduced during such
periods as a result of higher distribution costs.  The Company's service levels
would also be affected in the event of an interruption in operation of its
computers and/or telecommunications network on a company-wide scale for an
extended period of time.  The Company has developed contingency plans to limit
its exposure.  As the number of the Company's distribution centers increases,
the operation of any one distribution center becomes less significant in
relation to the overall operation of the Company.

COMPETITION
     The Company competes with office products manufacturers as well as other
wholesale distributors of business products.  Most wholesale distributors
conduct operations regionally and locally, sometimes with limited product lines
such as writing instruments or computer products.  Other wholesalers, including
the Company, carry a full line of business products.  Manufacturers typically
sell their products through a variety of distribution channels, including
business products wholesalers and resellers.  Manufacturers have traditionally
been viewed as both suppliers to and competitors of wholesalers.

     Competition between the Company and manufacturers is based primarily upon
net pricing, minimum order quantity and product availability.  Although
manufacturers may provide lower prices to dealers than the Company does, the
Company's marketing and catalog programs, combined with speed of delivery and
its ability to offer dealers a broad line of business products with lower
minimum order quantities, are important factors in enabling the Company to
compete effectively.  Competition between the Company and other wholesalers is
based primarily on net pricing to dealers, breadth of product lines,
availability of products and other services, speed of delivery to dealers, and
the quality of its services.  The Company believes it is competitive in each of
these areas.

EMPLOYEES
     At November 1, 1994, the Company employed approximately 3,600 persons.  The
Company considers its relationships with its employees to be satisfactory.

     Approximately 863 shipping, warehouse and maintenance employees at the
Chicago, Detroit, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Los Angeles, Minneapolis and New York
City facilities are covered by various collective bargaining agreements.  These
agreements expire at various times during the next three years.

CANADIAN OPERATIONS
     In April 1991, United Stationers Canada Ltd. was formed as a subsidiary of
United Stationers Supply Co., serving Canadian office products dealers on a
limited basis.  This subsidiary was liquidated on August 31, 1994.  Canadian
dealers are being served through the Company's Detroit, Seattle and Portland
Regional Distribution Centers.

HONG KONG TRADING OFFICE
     In 1992, United Stationers Hong Kong Limited and United Worldwide Limited
were formed as subsidiaries of United Stationers Supply Co. to facilitate global
sourcing of products.


                                        3

<PAGE>

ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES
     The Company considers its properties to be suitable and adequate for their
intended uses.  These properties consist of the following:

EXECUTIVE OFFICES
     The Corporate office facility in Des Plaines, Illinois has approximately
128,000 square feet of office and storage space.  In September 1993,
approximately 47,000 square feet of office space located in Mount Prospect,
Illinois was leased by the Company.  This lease expires in five years, with an
option to renew for two five-year terms.

REGIONAL DISTRIBUTION CENTERS
     The Company operates 30 Regional Distribution Centers located in the
metropolitan areas of Chicago (Forest Park, Illinois); Detroit (Livonia,
Michigan); Philadelphia (Pennsauken, New Jersey); Dallas, Texas; Boston (Woburn,
Massachusetts); Los Angeles (The City of Industry, California); Atlanta
(Norcross, Georgia); Baltimore (Harmans, Maryland); Cleveland (Twinsburg, Ohio);
Minneapolis (Eagan, Minnesota); New York City (Edison, New Jersey); St. Louis
(Greenville, Illinois) Albany (Coxsackie, New York); Portland, Oregon; Phoenix
(Tempe, Arizona); Sacramento, California; Salt Lake City, Utah; Seattle
(Tukwila, Washington); Denver, Colorado; Houston, Texas; Lubbock, Texas; San
Antonio, Texas; Tulsa, Oklahoma; Charlotte, North Carolina; Kansas City,
Missouri; Memphis, Tennessee; Nashville, Tennessee; New Orleans (Harahan,
Louisiana); Cincinnati (Springdale, Ohio); and Ft. Lauderdale, Florida.

     These facilities represent total square footage of nearly six million
square feet, of which 3.3 million is owned and the balance is leased.

LOCAL DISTRIBUTION POINTS
     The Company also operates 28 Local Distribution Points.  Two are leased by
the Company; the other Local Distribution Points are operated through cross-
docking arrangements with third party distribution companies.

CANADIAN FACILITY
     The Company currently leases one facility in Woodbridge, Ontario (7,000 sq.
ft.).  This lease expires August 31, 1995 with an option to renew for one
additional year.

HONG KONG TRADING OFFICE
     United Stationers Hong Kong Limited leases 1,500 square feet of office
space in Hong Kong with the lease expiring on October 14, 1995.

ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

     On October 26, 1993, a cross-complaint was filed against United Stationers
Supply Co. in a collection action which had previously been brought in the
Municipal Court of Los Angeles County under the name UNITED STATIONERS SUPPLY
CO. V. OFFICE PALACE, INC. ET AL.  The cross-complaint alleges restraint of
trade and unfair business practices by United Stationers following the merger
with Stationers Distributing Company in 1992.  It seeks an unspecified amount of
general and special damages, plus $10 million in punitive damages.  The Company
intends to pursue vigorously its complaint and defend the cross-complaint.  In
the opinion of management, the litigation will not have a material effect on the
Company's results of operations or financial condition.


ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

     There were no matters submitted during the fourth quarter of Fiscal 1994 to
a vote of security holders through the solicitation of proxies.


                                        4

<PAGE>

                      EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

     The following information is included herein in accordance with General
Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K.  At November 1, 1994, the Company's executive
officers were as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

NAME                             AGE      POSITION
- - ----                             ---      --------
<S>                              <C>      <C>

Joel D. Spungin. . . . . . . . .  56      Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer
Jeffrey K. Hewson. . . . . . . .  51      President and Chief Operating Officer and a Director
Allen B. Kravis. . . . . . . . .  57      Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Steven R. Schwarz. . . . . . . .  40      Senior Vice President, Marketing
Robert H. Cornell. . . . . . . .  55      Vice President, Human Resources
Otis H. Halleen. . . . . . . . .  60      Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel
Jerold A. Hecktman . . . . . . .  57      Vice President, Advertising and a Director
James A. Pribel. . . . . . . . .  41      Treasurer
Ted S. Rzeszuto. . . . . . . . .  41      Vice President and Controller
Ergin Uskup. . . . . . . . . . .  57      Vice President, Management Information Systems and
                                          Chief Information Officer
</TABLE>


     All of the executive officers listed above, except Mr. Hewson, Mr. Kravis,
Mr. Schwarz, Mr. Pribel and Mr. Uskup have been employed by the Company in
similar capacities for more than the past five years.

     Mr. Hewson, prior to his election as President and Chief Operating Officer
in April 1991, had been Executive Vice President of the Company since
March 1990.  Prior to that, he had been President of ACCO International's U.S.
Division since 1989 and President of its Canadian Division since 1987.  ACCO
International is a manufacturer of traditional office products and a subsidiary
of American Brands.  American Brands is a global consumer products holding
company.

     Mr. Kravis, prior to his election as Senior Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer in September 1992, had been Senior Vice President, Chief
Financial Officer and Treasurer since May 1991.  He had been Vice President and
Treasurer of the Company since 1981.

     Mr. Schwarz, prior to his election as Senior Vice President, Marketing in
June 1992, had been Senior Vice President, General Manager, MicroUnited since
1990 and Vice President, General Manager, MicroUnited since September 1989.  He
had held a staff position in the same capacity since February 1987.

     Mr. Pribel, prior to his election as Treasurer in September 1992, had been
Assistant Treasurer of the Company since 1984.

     Mr. Uskup, prior to his election as Vice President, Management Information
Systems and Chief Information Officer in February 1994, had been since 1987 Vice
President, Corporate Information Services for Baxter International Inc., a
global manufacturer and distributor of health care products.


                                     PART II

ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

     Incorporated herein by reference from pages 10 and 11 of the Registrant's
Annual Report to Stockholders for the fiscal year ended August 31, 1994, section
entitled "Quarterly Financial Data" and "Quarterly Stock Price Data."

ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

     Incorporated herein by reference from pages 10 and 11 of the Registrant's
Annual Report to Stockholders for the fiscal year ended August 31, 1994, section
entitled "Selected Financial Information."


                                        5

<PAGE>

ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
     OF OPERATIONS

     Incorporated herein by reference from pages 8 and 9 of the Registrant's
Annual Report to Stockholders for the fiscal year ended August 31, 1994.

ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

     Incorporated herein by reference from pages 13 through 24 of the
Registrant's Annual Report to Stockholders for the fiscal year ended August 31,
1994.

ITEM 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
     FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

     The Registrant has had no disagreements on accounting and financial
disclosure of the type referred to in Item 304 of Regulation S-K.

                                    PART III

ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

     Information concerning directors and information concerning any persons who
failed to file, on a timely basis, reports required by section 16(a) of the
Exchange Act, are incorporated herein by reference, pursuant to General
Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K, from the Registrant's definitive Proxy Statement
for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders scheduled to be held on January 11, 1995
to be filed within 120 days after the end of the Registrant's fiscal year.
Information concerning the executive officers is included in Part I of this
report.

ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

     Incorporated herein by reference, pursuant to General Instruction G(3) to
Form 10-K, from the Registrant's definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual
Meeting of Stockholders scheduled to be held on January 11, 1995, to be filed
within 120 days after the end of the Registrant's fiscal year.

ITEM 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

     Incorporated herein by reference, pursuant to General Instruction G(3) to
Form 10-K, from the Registrant's definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual
Meeting of Stockholders scheduled to be held on January 11, 1995, to be filed
within 120 days after the end of the Registrant's fiscal year.

ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

     Incorporated herein by reference, pursuant to General Instruction G(3) to
Form 10-K, from the Registrant's definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual
Meeting of Stockholders scheduled to be held on January 11, 1995, to be filed
within 120 days after the end of the Registrant's fiscal year.


                                        6

<PAGE>

                                     PART IV

ITEM 14.  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

(A) The following financial statements, schedules and exhibits are filed as part
of this report:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                       LOCATION
                                                                                                       --------
     <S>                                                                                      <C>
     (1)  Financial Statements
          Consolidated Balance Sheets as of August 31, 1994, and August 31, 1993 . . . . .    Annual Report pages 18-19*
          Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended August 31, 1994,
            August 31, 1993, and August 31, 1992 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    Annual Report page 17*
          Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Investment for the years
            ended August 31, 1994, August 31, 1993, and August 31, 1992. . . . . . . . . .    Annual Report page 20*
          Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended August 31, 1994,
            August 31, 1993, and August 31, 1992 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    Annual Report page 21*
          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    Annual Report pages 22-28*
          Report of Independent Public Accountants . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    Annual Report page 16*
          Report of Management . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    Annual Report page 16*
          ---------------
          <FN>
          * These Consolidated Financial Statements, related Notes, Report of
            Independent Public Accountants, and Report of Management, appearing
            in the Registrant's Annual Report to Stockholders for the fiscal
            year ended August 31, 1994, pages 16 through 28, which Report is
            filed as Exhibit 13 to this Form 10-K, are incorporated herein by
            reference.
</TABLE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                            PAGE NUMBER
                                                                                                            -----------
     <S>                                                                                                    <C>
     (2)  Financial Statement Schedules
          Report of Independent Public Accountants on Schedules. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           19
            II.     Amounts Receivable from Related Parties and Underwriters,
                    Promoters, and Employees Other Than Related Parties. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           20
             V.     Property, Plant and Equipment. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           21
            VI.     Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization of Property, Plant
                    and Equipment. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           22
          VIII.     Valuation and Qualifying Accounts. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           23
                      All other financial statements and schedules not listed have been omitted because
                      they are not applicable, not required or because the required information is included
                      in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto.
     (3)  Exhibits (numbered in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K)

</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
EXHIBIT
NUMBER                                 DESCRIPTION
- - -------                                -----------
<C>       <S>
  3.      (a)       *Restated Certificate of Incorporation as adopted January 8,
                    1987 (Exhibit 3(a) to Registrant's Report on Form 10-K dated
                    November 19, 1987) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

          (b)       Restated By-Laws as amended  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

  4.      (a)       *Proof of revised Common Stock Certificate approved
                    August 21, 1990, effective with Certificate No. 20,001
                    (Exhibit 4(b) to Registrant's Report on Form 10-K dated
                    November 20, 1990) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

          (b)       *Registration Rights Agreement dated June 24, 1992 among
                    Registrant and certain stockholders (Exhibit 4 to
                    Registrant's Report on Form 8-K dated July 8, 1992). . . . .

  9.      (a)       *Agreement of Partnership for HW Associates dated
                    September 19, 1983 (Exhibit 9 to Registrant's Report on
                    Form 10-K dated November 22, 1983) . . . . . . . . . . . . .

___________________
*Incorporated by reference--For Exchange Act filings, see SEC File No. 0-10653


                                        7

<PAGE>

<CAPTION>
EXHIBIT
NUMBER                                 DESCRIPTION
- - -------                                -----------
<C>       <S>
          (b)       *Amendment No. 1 to Agreement of Partnership for HW
                    Associates dated December 31, 1983 (Exhibit 9(b) to
                    Registrant's Report on Form 10-K dated November 15, 1984). .

          (c)       *HW Associates Election of W Managing Agent dated
                    February 20, 1989 (Exhibit 9(c) to Registrant's Report on
                    Form 10-K dated November 20, 1989) . . . . . . . . . . . . .

 10.      MATERIAL CONTRACTS

          (a)       Employee Benefit Plans:

                    (i)   Bonus, Profit Sharing and Other Compensation Plans:

                          (A)  *Executive Bonus Plan (Exhibit 10(a)(i)(F) to
                               Registrant's Report on Form 10-K dated
                               November 17, 1988)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

                          (B)  *Supplemental Benefits Plan as amended and
                               restated as of July 13, 1988
                               (Exhibit 10(a)(i)(H)(1) to Registrant's Report on
                               Form 10-K dated November 17, 1988). . . . . . . .

                          (C)  *Management Incentive Plan (Exhibit 10(a)(i)(L)
                               to Registrant's Report on Form 10-K dated
                               November 17, 1988). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

                               (1)Amendment to Management Incentive Plan adopted
                               October 11, 1994 effective upon shareholder
                               approval. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

                          (D)  Profit Sharing Plan:

                               (1) *United Stationers Inc. Profit Sharing
                                   PluSavings Plan restated as of September 1,
                                   1986 (Exhibit 10(a)(i)(J)(2) to Registrant's
                                   Report on Form 10-K dated November 19,
                                   1987) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

                               (2) *Amendment to United Stationers Inc. Profit
                                   Sharing PluSavings Plan adopted January 11,
                                   1989, effective September 1, 1989.
                                   (Exhibit 10(a)(i)(F)(2)(f) to Registrant's
                                   Report on Form 10-K dated November 20, 1989).

                          (E)  *United Stationers Inc. 1981 Stock Incentive
                               Award Plan as amended and restated effective
                               January 8, 1987 (Exhibit 10(a)(i)(L) to
                               Registrant's Report on Form 10-K dated
                               November 19, 1987). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

                               (1) *Amendment effective November 6, 1987
                                   (Exhibit 10(a)(i)(L)(1) to Registrant's
                                   Report on Form 10-K dated November 19, 1987).

                               (2) *Amendment adopted November 11, 1988
                                   (Exhibit 10(a)(i)(N)(2) to Registrant's
                                   Report on Form 10-K dated November 17, 1988).

                               (3) *Amendment adopted September 20, 1991
                                   (Exhibit 10(u)(i)(E)(3) to Registrant's
                                   Report on Form 10-K dated November 25, 1991).

                               (4) Amendment adopted October 11 1994 effective
                                   upon shareholder approval

                          (F)  *United Stationers Inc. 1985 Nonqualified Stock
                               Option Plan (Exhibit 10(a)(i)(J) to Registrant's
                               Report on Form 10-K dated November 15, 1985). . .


___________________
*Incorporated by reference--For Exchange Act filings, see SEC File No. 0-10653


                                        8

<PAGE>

<CAPTION>
EXHIBIT
NUMBER                                 DESCRIPTION
- - -------                                -----------
<C>       <S>
                               (1) *Amendment effective November 6, 1987
                                   (Exhibit 10(a)(i)(M)(1) to Registrant's
                                   Report on Form 10-K dated November 19, 1987).

                               (2) *Resolution terminating Plan adopted
                                   November 11, 1988 (Exhibit 10(a)(i)(O)(2) to
                                   Registrant's Report on Form 10-K dated
                                   November 17, 1988). . . . . . . . . . . . . .

                          (G)  *United Stationers Inc. Directors' Stock Option
                               Plan (Exhibit 10(a)(i)(O) to Registrant's Report
                               on Form 10-K dated November 19, 1987) . . . . . .

                    (ii)  Pension and Retirement Plans:
                          (A)  *United Stationers Supply Co. Pension Plan as
                               amended effective September 1, 1981
                               (Exhibit 10(e)(iii) to Form S-1 (SEC File No. 2-
                               74573)) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

                               (1) *Amendment No. 1 effective September 1, 1981
                                   (Exhibit 10(a)(ii)(B)(2) to Registrant's
                                   Report on Form 10-K dated November 15, 1985).

                               (2) *Amendment No. 2 generally effective
                                   September 1, 1984 (Exhibit 10(a)(ii)(B)(3) to
                                   Registrant's Report on Form 10-K dated
                                   November 15, 1985). . . . . . . . . . . . . .

                               (3) *Amendment No. 3 generally effective
                                   September 1, 1985, containing certain
                                   retroactive provisions
                                   (Exhibit 10(a)(ii)(B)(4) to Registrant's
                                   Report on Form 10-K dated November 15, 1985).

                               (4) *Further amendments effective as of
                                   August 31, 1986 (Exhibit 10(a)(ii)(B)(5) to
                                   Registrant's Report on Form 10-K dated
                                   November 18, 1986). . . . . . . . . . . . . .

                               (5) *Further amendments effective as of
                                   September 1, 1986 (Exhibit 10(a)(ii)(B)(6) to
                                   Registrant's Report on Form 10-K dated
                                   November 19, 1987). . . . . . . . . . . . . .

                               (6) *Further amendment adopted and effective
                                   May 15, 1989 (Exhibit 10(a)(ii)(B)(7) to
                                   Registrant's Report on Form 10-K dated
                                   November 20, 1989). . . . . . . . . . . . . .

          (b)       *Amended and Restated Employment and Consulting Agreement
                    dated April 15, 1993 between Registrant, United Stationers
                    Supply Co. ("Supply Co.") and Joel D. Spungin (Exhibit 10(b)
                    to Registrant's Report on Form 10-K dated November 22,
                    1993). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

          (c)       *Form of Employment and Consulting Agreement between
                    Registrant, Supply Co. and certain executive officers
                    (Exhibit 10(j) to Registrant's Report on Form 10-K dated
                    November 19, 1987) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

          (d)       *Employment and Consulting Agreement dated September 1, 1989
                    between Registrant, Supply Co. and Melvin L. Hecktman
                    (Exhibit 10(k) to Registrant's Report on Form 10-K dated
                    November 20, 1989) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

          (e)       *Employment and Consulting Agreement dated March 1, 1990
                    between Registrant, Supply Co. and Jeffrey K. Hewson
                    (Exhibit 10(l) to Registrant's Report on Form 10-K dated
                    November 20, 1990) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

                    (i)   *Amendment dated April 10, 1991 of Employment and
                          Consulting Agreement between Registrant, Supply Co.
                          and

___________________
*Incorporated by reference--For Exchange Act filings, see SEC File No. 0-10653


                                        9

<PAGE>

<CAPTION>
EXHIBIT
NUMBER                                 DESCRIPTION
- - -------                                -----------
<C>       <S>

                          Jeffrey K. Hewson (Exhibit 10(1)(i) to Registrant's
                          Report on Form 10-K dated November 25, 1991)

                    (ii)  Amendment dated September 1, 1994 of Hewson Employment
                          and Consulting Agreement . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

          (f)       Deferred Compensation Plan effective September 1, 1994 . . .

          (g)       DOCUMENTS RELATING TO REGIONAL DISTRIBUTION CENTERS:

                    (i)   The City Of Industry (Los Angeles Area), California:
                          (A)  *Deed of Trust by Supply Co. to First Interstate
                               Mortgage Company dated May 30, 1985, Guaranty,
                               Promissory Note, Assignment of Rents and
                               Assignment of Lessor's Interest in Lease
                               (Exhibit 10(g)(i)(C) to Registrant's Report on
                               Form 10-K dated November 15, 1985). . . . . . . .

                    (ii)  Livonia (Detroit Area), Michigan:
                          (A)  *Mortgage and Security Agreement dated
                               February 22, 1979 by HW Partnership to Equitable
                               Life Insurance Company of Iowa
                               (Exhibit 10(b)(ii)(B) to Form S-1 (SEC File
                               No. 2-74573)) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

                          (B)  *Assumption Agreement (regarding first mortgage)
                               dated August 24, 1980 between Supply Co. and
                               Equitable Life Insurance Company of Iowa
                               (Exhibit 10(b)(ii)(C) to Form S-1 (SEC File
                               No. 2-74573)) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

                    (iii) Pennsauken (Philadelphia Area), New Jersey:
                          (A)  *Mortgage dated November 14, 1973 by
                               8950 Pennsauken Highway, Inc. to Rouse Investing
                               Company (Exhibit 10(b)(iii)(B) to Form S-1 (SEC
                               File No. 2-74573))

                          (B)  *Assignment of Mortgage dated November 16, 1973
                               by Rouse Investing Company to the Life Insurance
                               Company of Virginia (Exhibit 10(b)(iii)(C) to
                               Form S-1 (SEC File No. 2-74573))  . . . . . . . .

                          (C)  *Modification Agreement (regarding first
                               mortgage) dated October 24, 1980 between Supply
                               Co. and The Life Insurance Company of Virginia
                               (Exhibit 10(b)(iii)(D) to Form S-1 (SEC File
                               No. 2-74573)) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

                    (iv)  Dallas, Texas:
                          (A)  *Texas Deed of Trust dated July 3, 1979 by Supply
                               Co. to William E. Leary, as Trustee
                               (Exhibit 10(b)(v)(B) to Form S-1 (SEC File No. 2-
                               74573)) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

                          (B)  *Note dated August 21, 1979 made by Supply Co. to
                               John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company
                               (Exhibit 10(b)(v)(C) to Form S-1 (SEC File No. 2-
                               74573)) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

                    (v)   Woburn (Boston Area), Massachusetts:
                          (A)  *Security Agreement dated August 15, 1985 between
                               Supply Co. and Connecticut General Life Insurance
                               Company ("Connecticut") (Exhibit 10(g)(vi)(D)(2)
                               to Registrant's Report on Form 10-K dated
                               November 15, 1985)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

                          (B)  *Promissory Note dated January 10, 1980 between
                               three individuals d/b/a Mystic Builders Supply
                               Company ("Mystic") and New England
                               Merchants National Bank

___________________
*Incorporated by reference--For Exchange Act filings, see SEC File No. 0-10653


                                       10

<PAGE>

<CAPTION>
EXHIBIT
NUMBER                                 DESCRIPTION
- - -------                                -----------
<C>       <S>

                               ("Merchants") (Exhibit 10(g)(vi)(D)(2)(v) to
                               Registrant's Report on Form 10-K dated
                               November 15, 1985)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

                          (C)  *Mortgage dated January 10, 1980 between Mystic
                               and Merchants (Exhibit 10(g)(vi)(D)(2)(w) to
                               Registrant's Report on Form 10-K dated
                               November 15, 1985)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

                          (D)  *Security Agreement dated January 10, 1980
                               between Mystic and Merchants (Exhibit
                               10(g)(vi)(D)(2)(x) to Registrant's Report on Form
                               10-K dated November 15, 1985) . . . . . . . . . .

                          (E)  *Collateral Assignment of Lease and Rents dated
                               June 23, 1980 by Mystic in favor of Connecticut
                               (Exhibit 10(g)(vi)(D)(2)(y) to Registrant's
                               Report on Form 10-K dated November 15, 1985)  . .

                          (F)  *Assignment of Mortgage, Security Agreement and
                               Financing Statement dated June 26, 1980 by
                               Merchants in favor of Connecticut
                               (Exhibit 10(g)(vi)(D)(2)(z) to Registrant's
                               Report on Form 10-K dated November 15, 1985)  . .

                    (vi)  Norcross (Atlanta Area), Georgia:
                               (A) DOCUMENTS CONCERNING $7,500,000 DEVELOPMENT
                                   AUTHORITY OF GWINNETT COUNTY INDUSTRIAL
                                   DEVELOPMENT REVENUE REFUNDING BONDS (UNITED
                                   STATIONERS SUPPLY CO. PROJECTS), SERIES
                                   1990A:

                                   (1)  *Loan Agreement dated as of October 1,
                                        1990 between Development Authority of
                                        Gwinnett County ("Authority") and Supply
                                        Co. (Exhibit 10(n)(vii)(A)(1) to
                                        Registrant's Report on Form 10-K dated
                                        November 25, 1991) . . . . . . . . . . .

                                   (2)  *Trust Indenture dated as of October 1,
                                        1990 between Authority and Pittsburgh
                                        National Bank as Trustee (Exhibit
                                        10(n)(vii)(A)(2) to Registrant's Form
                                        10-K dated November 25, 1991)  . . . . .

                                   (3)  *Letter of Credit dated December 14,
                                        1990 from Pittsburgh National Bank to
                                        Pittsburgh National Bank to Pittsburgh
                                        National Bank as Paying Agent (Exhibit
                                        10(n)(vii)(A)(5) to Registrant's Form
                                        10-K dated November 25, 1991)  . . . . .

                                   (4)  *Reimbursement, Credit and Security
                                        Agreement dated as of October 1, 1990
                                        between Supply Co. and Pittsburgh
                                        National Bank (Exhibit 10(n)(vii)(A)(6)
                                        to Registrant's Report on Form 10-K
                                        dated November 25, 1991) . . . . . . . .

                    (vii) Harmans (Baltimore Area), Maryland:
                          (A)  DOCUMENTS CONCERNING $8,000,000 ANNE ARUNDEL
                               COUNTY, MARYLAND INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT REVENUE
                               BONDS (UNITED STATIONERS SUPPLY CO. PROJECT),
                               SERIES 1984:

                               (1) *Option and Purchase Agreement dated as of
                                   December 1, 1984 between Registrant and
                                   Pittsburgh

___________________
*Incorporated by reference--For Exchange Act filings, see SEC File No. 0-10653


                                       11

<PAGE>

<CAPTION>
EXHIBIT
NUMBER                                 DESCRIPTION
- - -------                                -----------
<C>       <S>



                                   National Bank ("PNB") (Exhibit 28(A)(1) to
                                   Registrant's Report on Form 8-K dated
                                   December 27, 1984)  . . . . . . . . . . . . .

                                   (a)  *Amendment to Option and Purchase
                                        Agreement dated July 29, 1991 between
                                        Registrant and PNB (Exhibit
                                        10(n)(viii)(A)(1) to Registrant's Report
                                        on Form 10-K dated November 25, 1991)  .

                                   (b)  *Amendment to Option and Purchase
                                        Agreement dated June 30, 1993 (Exhibit
                                        10(f)(viii)(A)(1)(b) to Registrant's
                                        Report on Form 10-K dated November 22,
                                        1993). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

                               (2) *Guarantee and Indemnification Agreement
                                   dated as of December 1, 1984 between
                                   Registrant and Marine Bank, as Trustee
                                   ("Trustee"), under Indenture of Trust dated
                                   as of December 1, 1984 between Anne Arundel
                                   County, Maryland ("County") and Trustee, and
                                   in favor of County (Exhibit 28(A)(2) to
                                   Registrant's Report on Form 8-K dated
                                   December 27, 1984). . . . . . . . . . . . . .

                               (3) *Supplemental Guarantee and Indemnification
                                   Agreement dated as of December 1, 1984
                                   between Registrant and PNB (Exhibit 28(A)(3)
                                   to Registrant's Report on Form 8-K dated
                                   December 27, 1984). . . . . . . . . . . . . .

                               (4) *Loan and Security Agreement dated as of
                                   December 1, 1984 between County and Supply
                                   Co. (Exhibit 28(A)(4) to Registrant's Report
                                   on Form 8-K dated December 27, 1984). . . . .

                               (5) *Bond Purchase Agreement dated as of
                                   December 1, 1984 between Supply Co., County
                                   and PNB (Exhibit 28(A)(4) to Registrant's
                                   Report on Form 8-K dated December 27, 1984) .

                   (viii) Edison (New York City Area), New Jersey:
                          (A)  DOCUMENTS CONCERNING $8,000,000 NEW JERSEY
                               ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT REVENUE BONDS (UNITED
                               STATIONERS SUPPLY CO PROJECT), SERIES 1985:
                               (1) *Loan and Security Agreement dated as of
                                   September 4, 1985 by and between New Jersey
                                   Economic Development Authority ("Authority")
                                   and Supply Co. (Exhibit 10(g)(ix)(A) to
                                   Registrant's Report on Form 10-K dated
                                   November 15, 1985). . . . . . . . . . . . . .

                               (2) *Guarantee and Indemnification Agreement
                                   dated as of September 4, 1985 between
                                   Registrant and Trustee (Exhibit 10(g)(ix)(C)
                                   to Registrant's Report on Form 10-K dated
                                   November 15, 1985)  . . . . . . . . . . . . .

                               (3) *Supplemental Guarantee and Indemnification
                                   Agreement dated as of September 4, 1985
                                   between Registrant and Irving Trust Company
                                   ("ITC") (Exhibit 10(g)(ix)(D) to Registrant's
                                   Report on Form 10-K dated November 15,
                                   1985) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

___________________
*Incorporated by reference--For Exchange Act filings, see SEC File No. 0-10653

                                       12

<PAGE>

<CAPTION>
EXHIBIT
NUMBER                                 DESCRIPTION
- - -------                                -----------
<C>       <S>

                               (4) *Mortgage and Security Agreement dated as of
                                   September 4, 1985 from Supply Co. to
                                   Authority (Exhibit 10(g)(ix)(E) to
                                   Registrant's Report on Form 10-K dated
                                   November 15, 1985)  . . . . . . . . . . . . .

                               (5) *Option and Purchase Agreement dated as of
                                   September 4, 1985 between Registrant and ITC
                                   (Exhibit 10(g)(ix)(F) to Registrant's Report
                                   on Form 10-K dated November 15, 1985) . . . .

                                   (a)  *Amendment No. 3 to Option and Purchase
                                        Agreement dated as of July 31, 1992
                                        between Registrant and The Bank of New
                                        York (formerly Irving Trust Company)
                                        (Exhibit 10(n)(ix)(A)(6)(b) to
                                        Registrant's Report on Form 10-K dated
                                        November 18, 1992) . . . . . . . . . . .

                                   (b)  Amendment No. 6 to Option and Purchase
                                        Agreement dated as of May 31, 1994 . . .

                    (ix)  Twinsburg (Cleveland Area), Ohio:
                          (A)  DOCUMENTS CONCERNING $6,800,000 CITY OF
                               TWINSBURG, OHIO INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT BONDS,
                               SERIES 1986 (UNITED STATIONERS SUPPLY CO.
                               PROJECT):

                               (1) *Loan Agreement dated as of December 1, 1986
                                   between City of Twinsburg, Ohio and Supply
                                   Co. (Exhibit 10(g)(xi)(D)(1) to Registrant's
                                   Report on Form 10-K dated November 19, 1987).

                                   (a)  *First Supplemental Indenture of Trust
                                        dated February 24, 1987 between City of
                                        Twinsburg and Irving Trust Company, as
                                        Trustee (Exhibit 10(g)(xi)(D)(2)(a) to
                                        Registrant's Report on Form 10-K dated
                                        November 19, 1987) . . . . . . . . . . .

                                   (b)  *Second Supplemental Indenture of Trust
                                        dated December 19, 1990 between the City
                                        of Twinsburg and the Bank of New York,
                                        as Trustee (Exhibit 10(n)(xi)(2)(b) to
                                        Registrant's Report on Form 10-K dated
                                        November 25, 1991) . . . . . . . . . . .

                               (2) *Guaranty Agreement dated December 1, 1986
                                   between Registrant and Irving Trust Company,
                                   as Trustee (Exhibit 10(g)(xi)(D)(3) to
                                   Registrant's Report on Form 10-K dated
                                   November 19, 1987)  . . . . . . . . . . . . .

                    (x)   Sacramento, California:
                          (A)  *Lease dated January 12, 1993 between Supply Co.
                               as lessee and Stationers Antelope Joint Venture
                               as lessor and Rider One . . . . . . . . . . . . .

                    (xi)  Ft. Lauderdale, Florida:
                          (A)  *Lease dated February 1, 1993 between CMD Florida
                               Four Limited Partnership as lessor and Supply Co.
                               as lessee, and First Amendment dated July 14,
                               1993. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

          (h)       DOCUMENTS CONCERNING $7,500,000 CITY OF DES PLAINES,
                    ILLINOIS ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT REVENUE BONDS (UNITED
                    STATIONERS SUPPLY CO. PROJECTS), SERIES 1983:

___________________
*Incorporated by reference--For Exchange Act filings, see SEC File No. 0-10653



                                       13

<PAGE>

<CAPTION>
EXHIBIT
NUMBER                                 DESCRIPTION
- - -------                                -----------
<C>       <S>

                               (i)      *Purchase Agreement dated as of
                                        December 1, 1983 between Registrant and
                                        RepublicBank Dallas, National
                                        Association ("Republic")
                                        (Exhibit 28(A)(1) to Registrant's Report
                                        on Form 8-K dated December 28, 1983) . .

                               (ii)     *Guarantee and Indemnification Agreement
                                        dated December 1, 1983 between
                                        Registrant and Republic, as Trustee,
                                        under Indenture of Trust dated as of
                                        December 1, 1983, between City of Des
                                        Plaines ("City") and Republic, as
                                        Trustee, ("Republic Trustee")
                                        (Exhibit 28(A)(2) to Registrant's Report
                                        on Form 8-K dated December 28, 1983) . .

                               (iii)    *Supplemental Guarantee and
                                        Indemnification Agreement dated as of
                                        December 1, 1983 between Registrant and
                                        Republic (Exhibit 28(A)(3) to
                                        Registrant's Report on Form 8-K dated
                                        December 28, 1983) . . . . . . . . . . .

                               (iv)     *Mortgage and Loan Agreement dated as of
                                        December 1, 1983 between City and Supply
                                        Co. (Exhibit 28(A)(4) to Registrant's
                                        Report on Form 8-K dated December 28,
                                        1983)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

                               (v)      *Option and Purchase Agreement between
                                        Registrant and Pittsburgh National Bank
                                        dated as of December 30, 1985.
                                        (Exhibit 10(h)(vii) to Registrant's
                                        Report on Form 10-K dated November 18,
                                        1986)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

                                        (a) *Amendment to Option and Purchase
                                            Agreement dated July 29, 1991
                                            between Registrant and Pittsburgh
                                            National Bank (Exhibit 10(o)(vii)(a)
                                            to Registrant's Report on Form 10-K
                                            dated November 25, 1991) . . . . . .

                                        (b) *Amendment to Option and Purchase
                                            Agreement dated June 30, 1993
                                            (Exhibit 10(g)(vii)(b) to
                                            Registrant's Report on Form 10-K
                                            dated November 22, 1993) . . . . . .

                               (vi)     *Supplemental Guarantee and
                                        Indemnification Agreement between
                                        Registrant, Supply Co. and Pittsburgh
                                        National Bank dated as of December 30,
                                        1985. (Exhibit 10(h)(viii) to
                                        Registrant's Report on Form 10-K dated
                                        November 18, 1986) . . . . . . . . . . .

                               (vii)    *Modification of Purchase Agreement
                                        between Registrant, RepublicBank Dallas,
                                        N.A. and Pittsburgh National Bank dated
                                        as of December 30, 1985.
                                        (Exhibit 10(h)(ix) to Registrant's
                                        Report dated November 18, 1986)  . . . .

                    (i)   Certificate of Insurance covering directors' and
                          officers' liability insurance effective November 1,
                          1993 through November 1, 1994. . . . . . . . . . . . .

                    (j)   *Merger Agreement dated as of June 24, 1992 between
                          Registrant, Supply Co. and SDC Distributing Corp.
                          (Exhibit 10(a) to Registrant's Report on Form 8-K
                          dated July 8, 1992)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

                    (k)   Plan and Agreement of Merger dated August 31, 1994
                          between MicroUnited Inc. and Supply Co.

                    (l)   LOAN AGREEMENTS:
                          (i)  *Purchase Agreement dated July 5, 1988 between
                               Metropolitan Life Insurance Company and
                               Registrant (Exhibit 10(q)(iii) to Registrant's
                               Report on Form 10-K dated November 17, 1988)  . .

___________________
*Incorporated by reference--For Exchange Act filings, see SEC File No. 0-10653


                                       14

<PAGE>

<CAPTION>
EXHIBIT
NUMBER                                 DESCRIPTION
- - -------                                -----------
<C>       <S>

                               (A) *Promissory Note dated July 6, 1988 from
                                   Registrant to Metropolitan Life Insurance
                                   Company (Exhibit 10(q)(iii)(A) to
                                   Registrant's Report on Form 10-K dated
                                   November 17, 1988)  . . . . . . . . . . . . .

                          (ii) *Reducing Revolving Credit and Term Loan
                               Agreement dated as of June 24, 1992 between
                               Supply Co. and a group of seven lenders (Exhibit
                               10(b) to Registrant's Report on Form 8-K dated
                               July 8, 1992) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                               (A) Amendment No. 1 dated as of June 30, 1993 . .

                               (B) Amendment No. 2 dated as of November 30,
                                   1993. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

                               (C) Amendment No. 3 dated as of August 31, 1994 .

                    (m)   *Agreement dated April 1, 1991 between Supply Co. and
                          White Storage & Retrieval Systems, Inc. for design and
                          installation of automated carousel system at Los
                          Angeles regional distribution center (Exhibit 10(v) to
                          Registrant's Report on Form 10-K dated November 25,
                          1991). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

                    (n)   Agreement between Supply Co. and White Storage and
                          Retrieval Systems, Inc. for design and installation of
                          carousel system at Edison Regional Distribution
                          Center . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .


11.  Not applicable. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
12.  Not applicable. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
13.  Annual Report to Stockholders for the fiscal year ended August 31, 1994 . .
18.  Not applicable. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
19.  Not applicable. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
22.  Subsidiaries of the Registrant. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
23.  Not applicable. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
24.  Consent of Arthur Andersen LLP is included herein . . . . . . . . . . . . .
25.  Not applicable. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
28.  Not applicable. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
29.  Not applicable. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .


<FN>
- - ---------------
*Incorporated by reference -- For Exchange Act filings, see SEC File No. 0-10653

</TABLE>


                                       15
<PAGE>

     (B)  No reports on Form 8-K were filed by the Registrant during the last
          quarter.

     For the purpose of complying with the amendments to the rules governing
Form S-8 (effective July 13, 1990) under the Securities Act of 1933, the
undersigned registrant hereby undertakes as follows, which undertaking shall be
incorporated by reference into registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-8
No. 3332453 (filed December 6, 1989).

     Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act
of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the
registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant
has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission
such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act
of 1933 and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for
indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the
registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling
person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or
proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in
connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in
the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent,
submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such
indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will
be governed by the final adjudication of such issue.


                                       16
<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

     Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                   UNITED STATIONERS INC.


                                   BY:     /S/ ALLEN B. KRAVIS
                                       -----------------------------
                                             Allen B. Kravis
                                        SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT AND
                                         CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Dated: November 22, 1994

     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

         SIGNATURE                             CAPACITY                           DATE
<S>                                <C>                                     <C>

  /s/   JOEL D. SPUNGIN            CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS      November 22, 1994
- - ------------------------------     AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
  Joel D. Spungin


  /s/   JEFFREY K. HEWSON          PRESIDENT, CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER      November 22, 1994
- - ------------------------------     AND A DIRECTOR
  Jeffrey K. Hewson


  /s/   ALLEN B. KRAVIS            SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT AND CHIEF         November 22, 1994
- - ------------------------------     FINANCIAL OFFICER
  Allen B. Kravis


  /s/   TED S. RZESZUTO            VICE PRESIDENT AND CONTROLLER           November 22, 1994
- - ------------------------------
      Ted S. Rzeszuto


  /s/   JEROLD A. HECKTMAN         DIRECTOR                                November 22, 1994
- - ------------------------------
  Jerold A. Hecktman


  /s/   MELVIN L. HECKTMAN         DIRECTOR                                November 22, 1994
- - ------------------------------
  Melvin L. Hecktman


  /s/   E. DAVID COOLIDGE III      DIRECTOR                                November 22, 1994
- - ------------------------------
  E. David Coolidge III


  /s/   IRA A. EICHNER             DIRECTOR                                November 22, 1994
- - ------------------------------
  Ira A. Eichner


  /s/   JACK TWYMAN                DIRECTOR                                November 22, 1994
- - ------------------------------
  Jack Twyman


  /s/   DAVID R. SMITH             DIRECTOR                                November 22, 1994
- - ------------------------------
  David R. Smith


  /s/   DOUGLAS K. CHAPMAN         DIRECTOR                                November 22, 1994
- - ------------------------------
  Douglas K. Chapman

</TABLE>


                                       17
<PAGE>

                    CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS



     As independent public accountants, we hereby consent to the incorporation
of our reports included in, or incorporated by reference in, this Form 10-K,
into the Company's previously filed Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File
Nos. 2-77628, 33-4729 and 33-32453) and Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File
No. 33-28251).  It should be noted that we have not audited any financial
statements of the Company subsequent to August 31, 1994 or performed any audit
procedures subsequent to the date of our report.





ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP

Chicago, Illinois,
  November 22, 1994.



                                       18
<PAGE>

                    REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors
  of United Stationers Inc.

     We have audited in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards,
the consolidated financial statements included in United Stationers Inc.'s
Annual Report to Stockholders incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K, and
have issued our report thereon dated October 6, 1994.  Our audits were made for
the purpose of forming an opinion on those statements taken as a whole.
Schedules II, V, VI and VIII are the responsibility of the Company's management
and are presented for purposes of complying with the Securities and Exchange
Commission's rules and are not part of the consolidated financial statements.
These schedules have been subjected to the auditing procedures applied in the
audits of the consolidated financial statements and, in our opinion, fairly
state in all material respects the financial data required to be set forth
therein in relation to the consolidated financial statements taken as a whole.





ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP

Chicago, Illinois,
  October 6, 1994.


                                       19
<PAGE>


                     UNITED STATIONERS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
             SCHEDULE II -- AMOUNTS RECEIVABLE FROM RELATED PARTIES
      AND UNDERWRITERS, PROMOTERS, AND EMPLOYEES OTHER THAN RELATED PARTIES
                            (IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                                    BALANCE AT
                                                                       DEDUCTIONS                  END OF PERIOD
                                   BALANCE AT                    --------------------------    ----------------------
YEAR ENDED     NAME                BEGINNING                     AMOUNTS        AMOUNTS                       NOT
AUGUST 31,     OF DEBTOR           OF PERIOD      ADDITIONS      COLLECTED      WRITTEN OFF    CURRENT        CURRENT
- - ----------     ---------           ---------      ---------      ---------      -----------    -------        -------
<S>            <C>                 <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>


               United Business
1993           Computers, Inc.             --       $150                --             --           --           $150(A)

               United Business
1994           Computers, Inc.        $150           $75                --             --           --           $225(A)








<FN>
- - -----------

The amounts represent funds borrowed under a $500,000 Revolving Credit Loan
Agreement expiring 6/30/96.  Interest is payable quarterly at prime through
6/30/94 and at higher rates thereafter; secured by accounts, inventory, and
contract rights and general intangibles.

(A)  Amount included in accounts receivable.

</TABLE>


                                       20
<PAGE>

                     UNITED STATIONERS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   SCHEDULE V -- PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                            (IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                        BALANCE AT                                                          BALANCE
                                         BEGINNING      ADDITIONS                              OTHER         AT END
                                           OF YEAR        AT COST         RETIREMENTS        CHANGES        OF YEAR
                                           -------        -------         -----------        -------        -------
<S>                                     <C>             <C>               <C>                <C>            <C>

Year ended August 31, 1994:
   Land and buildings                    $  90,147        $ 1,952           $     --           $  --       $ 92,099
   Fixtures and equipment                  143,415          8,731 (A1)        (1,607)             91        150,630
   Leasehold improvements                       46             36                (44)             (2)            36
   Assets under capital leases               1,210             --                (47)             --          1,163
                                          --------        -------           --------           -----       --------
                                          $234,818        $10,719           $ (1,698)          $  89       $243,928
                                          --------        -------           --------           -----       --------
                                          --------        -------           --------           -----       --------

Year ended August 31, 1993:
   Land and buildings                     $ 89,611        $   451           $     --           $  85       $ 90,147
   Fixtures and equipment                  126,113         29,557 (A1)       (12,158)            (97)       143,415
   Leasehold improvements                      887             --               (836)             (5)            46
   Assets under capital leases               1,220             --                (10)             --          1,210
                                          --------        -------           --------           -----       --------
                                          $217,831        $30,008           $(13,004)          $ (17)      $234,818
                                          --------        -------           --------           -----       --------
                                          --------        -------           --------           -----       --------

Year ended August 31, 1992:
   Land and buildings                     $ 89,291        $   330           $    (10)          $  --      $  89,611
   Fixtures and equipment                  106,918         19,717 (A2)          (522)             --        126,113
   Leasehold improvements                      889             --                 --              (2)           887
   Assets under capital leases               1,146             74                 --              --          1,220
                                          --------        -------           --------           -----       --------
                                          $198,244        $20,121           $   (532)          $  (2)      $217,831
                                          --------        -------           --------           -----       --------
                                          --------        -------           --------           -----       --------

<FN>
- - ---------------

Additions in excess of 2% of total assets:

     ADDITION                                                              OTHER ACCOUNTS AFFECTED
     --------                                                              -----------------------
(A1) Purchase of computer equipment at the Des
     Plaines Corporate office facility . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     Cash
(A2) Dollars in excess of 2% of total assets relate to
     the acquisition of SDC Distributing Corp

</TABLE>


                                       21
<PAGE>

                     UNITED STATIONERS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
            SCHEDULE VI -- ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION
                          PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                            (IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                        BALANCE AT                                                     BALANCE
                                         BEGINNING      ADDITIONS                         OTHER         AT END
                                           OF YEAR        AT COST    RETIREMENTS        CHANGES        OF YEAR
                                           -------        -------    -----------        -------        -------
<S>                                     <C>             <C>          <C>                <C>            <C>

Year ended August 31, 1994:
   Buildings                               $16,773        $ 2,195      $      --            $--       $ 18,968
   Fixtures and equipment                   79,291         15,733          (853)             91         94,262
   Leasehold improvements                       21             10           (29)             --              2
   Assets under capital leases               1,097             54           (19)             --          1,132
                                           -------        -------      ---------            ---        -------
                                           $97,182        $17,992      $   (901)            $91       $114,364
                                           -------        -------      ---------            ---        -------
                                           -------        -------      ---------            ---        -------


Year ended August 31, 1993:
   Buildings                               $14,637        $ 2,136      $      --            $--        $16,773
   Fixtures and equipment                   74,330         14,992       (10,031)             --         79,291
   Leasehold improvements                      515             92          (586)             --             21
   Assets under capital leases               1,018             89           (10)             --          1,097
                                           -------        -------      ---------            ---        -------
                                           $90,500        $17,309      $(10,627)            $--        $97,182
                                           -------        -------      ---------            ---        -------
                                           -------        -------      ---------            ---        -------

Year ended August 31, 1992:
   Buildings                               $12,540        $ 2,107      $    (10)            $--        $14,637
   Fixtures and equipment                   61,445         13,297          (412)             --         74,330
   Leasehold improvements                      419             96             --             --            515
   Assets under capital leases                 954             64             --             --          1,018
                                           -------        -------      ---------            ---        -------
                                           $75,358        $15,564      $   (422)            $--        $90,500
                                           -------        -------      ---------            ---        -------
                                           -------        -------      ---------            ---        -------

</TABLE>



                                       22
<PAGE>

                     UNITED STATIONERS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
               SCHEDULE VIII -- VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
                            (IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                       BALANCE AT      ADDITIONS                       BALANCE
                                                        BEGINNING     CHARGED TO                        AT END
                                                          OF YEAR       EXPENSES     DEDUCTIONS        OF YEAR
                                                          -------       --------     ----------        -------
<S>                                                     <C>           <C>            <C>               <C>

Reserve for Doubtful Accounts:
  Year ended August 31--
    1994                                                   $3,964         $5,750      $5,704(A)         $4,010
    1993                                                   $4,335         $7,316      $7,687(A)         $3,964
    1992                                                   $3,544         $6,853(C)   $6,062(A)         $4,335
Sales Returns, Rebates, and Allowances:
  Year ended August 31--
    1994                                                  $25,552        $67,970     $62,229(B)        $31,293
    1993                                                  $23,794        $52,593     $50,835(B)        $25,552
    1992                                                  $18,501        $39,877(D)  $34,584(B)        $23,794


<FN>
- - ---------------

(A)  Accounts determined to be uncollectible and charged against reserves, net
     of collections on accounts previously written off.

(B)  Credit memos issued for sales returns, rebates, and allowances.

(C)  Includes an additional $961 from acquired company.

(D)  Includes an additional $4,920 from acquired company.


</TABLE>


                                       23

<PAGE>


UNITED STATIONERS INC.

2200 East Golf Road
Des Plaines, Illinois 60016-1267
708/699-5000

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.B
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3(B)
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 3(b)




                                RESTATED BY-LAWS
                                       OF
                             UNITED STATIONERS INC.

                          Effective as of June 24, 1992



                                TABLE OF CONTENTS



                                                                   Page
                                                                   ----

ARTICLE I.     OFFICES                                               3
  Section 1.   Registered Office                                     3
  Section 2.   Other Offices                                         3
ARTICLE II.    MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS                              3
  Section 1.   Place of Meetings                                     3
  Section 2.   Annual Meetings                                       3
  Section 3.   Notice of Annual Meeting                              3
  Section 4.   Business at Annual Meetings                           3
  Section 5.   List of Stockholders                                  3
  Section 6.   Special Meetings of Stockholders                      4
  Section 7.   Procedure and Stockholders' Meeting                   4
  Section 8.   Quorum                                                4
  Section 9.   Majority Vote                                         4
  Section 10.  Proxies and Voting of Shares                          4
  Section 11.  Informal Action by Stockholders                       4
ARTICLE III.   DIRECTORS                                             4
  Section 1.   Number, Tenure and Qualifications                     4
  Section 2.   Nominations                                           4
  Section 3.   Resignations                                          4
  Section 4.   Filling of Vacancies                                  5
  Section 5.   General Powers                                        5
  Section 6.   Place of Meetings                                     5
  Section 7.   First Meeting of New Board                            5
  Section 8.   Regular Meetings                                      5
  Section 9.   Special Meetings                                      5
  Section 10.  Quorum                                                5
  Section 11.  Informal Action                                       5
  Section 12.  Telephone Meetings                                    5
  Section 13.  Designation of Committees                             6
  Section 14.  Absence of a Committee Member                         6
  Section 15.  Powers of Committees                                  6
  Section 16.  Record of Proceedings                                 6
  Section 17.  Compensation of Directors                             6
<PAGE>

ARTICLE IV.    NOTICES TO STOCKHOLDERS AND DIRECTORS                 6
  Section 1.   Notice                                                6
  Section 2.   Waiver of Notice                                      7
ARTICLE V.     OFFICERS                                              7
  Section 1.   Number and Title                                      7
  Section 2.   Election and Qualification                            7
  Section 3.   Appointment of Additional Officers                    7
  Section 4.   Compensation                                          7
  Section 5.   Term of Office, Removal and Vacancies                 7
  Section 6.   Resignations                                          7
  Section 7.   The Chairman of the Board of Directors                7
  Section 7A.  The Vice Chairman of the Board of
               Directors as amended March 18, 1987                   8
  Section 8.   The President                                         8
  Section 9.   The Vice Presidents                                   8
  Section 10.  The Secretary                                         8
  Section 11.  Assistant Secretaries                                 8
  Section 12.  The Treasurer                                         9
  Section 13.  Bond                                                  9
  Section 14.  Assistant Treasurers                                  9
ARTICLE VI.    STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS                                9
  Section 1.   Certificate of Stock                                  9
  Section 2.   Classes and Series                                    9
  Section 3.   Signatures                                            9
  Section 4.   Lost Certificates                                    10
  Section 5.   Transfers of Stock                                   10
  Section 6.   Fixing Record Date                                   10
  Section 7.   Registered Stockholders                              10
ARTICLE VII.   INDEMNIFICATION                                      10
ARTICLE VIII.  GENERAL PROVISIONS                                   11
  Section 1.   Dividends                                            11
  Section 2.   Reserves                                             11
  Section 3    Annual Statement                                     11
  Section 4.   Checks                                               11
  Section 5.   Fiscal Year                                          11
  Section 6.   Seal                                                 11
ARTICLE IX.    AMENDMENTS                                           11
<PAGE>

                                    ARTICLE I

                                     OFFICES

     SECTION 1.  REGISTERED OFFICE.  The registered office shall being the City
of Wilmington, County of New Castle, State of Delaware.

     SECTION 2.  OTHER OFFICES.  The corporation may also have offices at such
other places both within and without the State of Delaware as the board of
directors may from time to time determine or the business of the corporation may
require.


                                   ARTICLE II

                            MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS

     SECTION 1.  PLACE OF MEETINGS.  All meetings of the stockholders for the
election of directors shall be held in the Chicago metropolitan area, State of
Illinois, at such place as may be fixed from time to time by the board of
directors; at least ten (10) days' notice shall be given to the stockholders of
the place so fixed or, in the event of the failure of the board of directors to
fix such place, at the principal executive office of the corporation.  Meetings
of stockholders for any other purpose may be held at such time and place, within
or without the State of Delaware, as may be filed from time to time by the board
of directors or as shall be stated in the notice of the meeting or in a duly
executed waiver of notice thereof.

     SECTION 2.  ANNUAL MEETING.  The annual meetings of stockholders shall be
held on the second Wednesday in January if not a legal holiday, and if a legal
holiday, then on the next secular day following, at 2:00 P.M., or at such other
date and time as shall be designated from time to time by the board of directors
and stated in the notice of the meeting or in a duly executed waiver of notice
thereof, at which the stockholders shall elect by a plurality vote persons to
the board of directors, and transact such other business as may properly be
brought before the meeting.  The meeting may be adjourned from time to time and
place to place until its business is completed.  If the election of directors
shall not be held on the day designated herein for any annual meeting, or at any
adjournment thereof, the board of directors shall cause the election to be held
at a special meeting of the stockholders as soon thereafter as may be
convenient.
<PAGE>

     SECTION 3.  NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING.  Written notice of the annual meeting
stating the place, date and hour of the meeting shall be given to each
stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting not less than ten (10) nor more
than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting.

     SECTION 4.  BUSINESS AT ANNUAL MEETINGS.  The business to be conducted at
annual meetings of the corporation shall be as provided in the certificate of
incorporation.

     SECTION 5.  LIST OF STOCKHOLDERS.  The officer who has charge of the stock
ledger of the corporation shall prepare and make, at least ten (10) days before
every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to
vote at the meeting, arrange in alphabetical order, and showing the address of
each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each
stockholder.  Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for
any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period
of at least ten (10) days prior to the meeting, either at a place within the
Chicago metropolitan area, which place shall be specified in the notice of the
meeting, or, if not so specified, at the place where the meeting is to be held.
The list shall also be produced and kept at the time and place where the meeting
during the whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any stockholder who is
present.

     SECTION 6.  SPECIAL MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS.  Special meetings of the
stockholders of the corporation shall be held as provided in the certificate of
incorporation.

     SECTION 7.  PROCEDURE AT STOCKHOLDERS' MEETINGS.  The order of business and
all other matters of procedure at every meeting of the stockholders may be
determined by the presiding officer.  The board of directors may appoint two or
more inspectors of election to serve at every meeting of the stockholders at
which directors are to be elected.  In the absence of such appointment by the
board of directors, the presiding officer may appoint one or more inspectors of
election to serve at any such meeting.

     SECTION 8.  QUORUM.  The holders of a majority of the stock issued and
outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by
proxy, shall constitute a quorum at all meetings of the stockholders for the
transaction of business except as otherwise provided by statute or by the
certificate of incorporation.  If, however, such quorum shall not be present or
represented at any meeting of the stockholders, the stockholders entitled to
vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall power to adjourn
the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the
meeting, until a quorum shall be present or represented.  At such adjourned
<PAGE>

meeting at which a quorum shall be present or represented, any business may be
transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally
noticed.

     SECTION 9.  MAJORITY VOTE.  When a quorum is present at any meeting, the
vote of the holders of a majority of the stock having voting power, present in
person or represented by proxy, shall decide any question brought before such
meeting, unless the question is one upon which by express provision of statute
or of the certificate of incorporation, a different vote is required, in which
case such express provision shall govern and control the decision of such
question.

     SECTION 10.  PROXIES AND VOTING OF SHARES.  At any meeting of the
stockholders, every stockholder having the right to vote shall be entitled to
vote in person, or by proxy appointed by an instrument in writing subscribed by
such stockholder and bearing a date not more than three (3) years prior to said
meeting, unless said instrument provides for a longer period.  Each stockholder
shall have one vote for each share of stock having voting power, registered in
his name on the books of the corporation.  Unless the transfer books of the
corporation shall have been closed or a date shall have been fixed as a record
date for the termination of its stockholders entitled to vote, no share of stock
shall be voted on at any election for directors which shall have been
transferred on the books of the corporation within twenty (20) days next
preceding such election of directors.

     SECTION 11.  INFORMAL ACTION BY STOCKHOLDERS.  Informal actions by the
stockholders of the corporation may be taken as provided in the certificate of
incorporation.


                                   ARTICLE II

                                    DIRECTORS

     SECTION 1.  NUMBER, TENURE AND QUALIFICATIONS.  The tenure and
qualifications of directors on the board of directors of the corporation shall
be as provided in the certificate of incorporation.  The number of directors
which shall constitute the whole Board shall be nine, but such number may be
increased or decreased from time to time by amendment of these by-laws.

     SECTION 2.  NOMINATIONS.  Nominations for election to the board of
directors shall be as provided in the certificate of incorporation.

     SECTION 3.  RESIGNATIONS.  Any director may resign at any time by giving
written notice to the board of directors,
<PAGE>

the chairman of the board of directors, the president or the secretary of the
corporation.  Such resignation shall take effect at the time specified therein;
and, unless tendered to take effect upon acceptance thereof, the acceptance of
such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.

     SECTION 4.  FILLING OF VACANCIES.  Filling of vacancies on the board of
directors of the corporation shall be accomplished as provided in the
certificate of incorporation.

     SECTION 5.  GENERAL POWERS.  The Business and affairs of the corporation
shall be managed by or under the direction of the board of directors which may
exercise all such powers of the corporation and do all such lawful acts as are
not by statute or by the certificate of incorporation or by these by-laws
directed or required to be exercised or done by the stockholders.


                       MEETINGS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     SECTION 6.  PLACE OF MEETINGS.  The board of directors of the corporation
may hold meetings, both regular and special, either within or without the State
of Delaware.

     SECTION 7.  FIRST MEETING OF NEW BOARD.  The first meeting of the board of
directors after each election of new directors thereto shall be held at such
time and place as shall be specified in a notice given as provided in these by-
laws for special meetings of the board of directors, or as shall be specified in
a written waiver of notice signed by all of the directors.

     SECTION 8.  REGULAR MEETINGS.  Regular meetings of the board of directors
may be held without notice at such time and at such place as shall from time to
time be determined by the board.

     SECTION 9.  SPECIAL MEETINGS.  Special meetings of the board may be called
by the chairman of the board of directors upon such notice as he deems
appropriate.  Ins the absence of the chairman or a vacancy in the office of
chairman or if the chairman is unable or refuses to act, the president (or any
other officer of the corporation upon the request in writing of two (2) or more
directors) may call a special meeting of the board of directors, notice of which
shall be given to each director at his usual place of business, or at such other
address as shall have been furnished by him for the purpose.  Such notice shall
be given at least forty-eight (48) hours before the meeting by telephone or by
being personally delivered, mailed or telegraphed.  Such notice need not include
a statement of
<PAGE>

the business to be transacted at, or the purpose of, any such meeting.

     SECTION 10.  QUORUM.  At all meetings of the board, a majority of the total
number of directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business
and the act of a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which there
is a quorum shall be the act of the board of directors, except as may be
otherwise specifically provided by statute or by the certificate of
incorporation.  If a quorum shall not be present at any meeting of the board of
directors, the directors present thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to
time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum
shall be present.  The term "total number of directors" as used in these by-laws
means the total number of directors which the corporation would have if there
were no vacancies.

     SECTION 11.  INFORMAL ACTION BY DIRECTORS.  Unless otherwise restricted by
the certificate of incorporation or these by-laws, any action required or
permitted to be taken at any meeting of the board of directors or of any
committee thereof may be taken without a meeting if all members of the board or
committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing, and the writing or
writings are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the board or committee.

     SECTION 12.  TELEPHONE MEETINGS.  Unless otherwise restricted by the
certificate of incorporation or these by-laws, members of the board of
directors, or any committee designated by the board of directors, may
participate in a meeting of the board of directors, or any committee, by means
of conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which
all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such
participation in a meeting shall constitute presence in person at the meeting.


                             COMMITTEES OF DIRECTORS

     SECTION 13.  DESIGNATION OF COMMITTEES.  The board of directors may, by
resolution passed by a majority of the whole board of directors, designate one
or more committees, each committee to consist of two or more of the directors of
the corporation.  The board may designate one or more directors as alternate
members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at
any meeting of the committee.

     SECTION 14.  ABSENCE OF A COMMITTEE MEMBER.  In the absence or
disqualification of any member of a committee or committees or in the event that
any such member is unable or refuses to act, the member or members thereof
present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not
<PAGE>

such member or members constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another
member of the board of directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such
member.

     SECTION 15.  POWERS OF COMMITTEES.  Any such committee, to the extent
provided in the resolution of the board of directors, shall have and may
exercise all the powers and authority of the board of directors in the
management of the business and affairs of the corporation and may authorize the
seal of the corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it; but no
such committee shall have the power or authority in reference to amending the
certificate of incorporation, adopting an agreement of merger or consolidation,
recommending to the stockholders, the sale, lease or exchange of all or
substantially all of the corporation's property and assets, recommending to the
stockholders a dissolution of the corporation or a revocation of a dissolution,
or amending the by-laws of the corporation; and, unless the resolution, the
certification of incorporation or any provision of these by-laws expressly so
provides, no such committee shall have the power or authority to declare a
dividend or to authorize the issuance of stock or to adopt a certificate of
ownership and merger.  Such committee or committees shall have such name or
names as may be determined from time to time by resolution adopted by the board
of directors.

     SECTION 16.  RECORD OF PROCEEDINGS.  Each committee shall keep regular
minutes of its proceedings and report the same to the board of directors when
required.


                            COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS

     SECTION 17.  IN GENERAL.  The directors may be paid their expenses, if any,
of attendance at each meeting of the board of directors and may be paid a fixed
sum for attendance at each meeting of the board of directors or a stated salary
as director.  No such payment shall preclude any director from serving the
corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor.  Members
of special or standing committees may be allowed like compensation for attending
committee meetings.


                                   ARTICLE IV

                      NOTICES TO STOCKHOLDERS AND DIRECTORS

     SECTION 1.  NOTICE.  Whenever, under the provisions of the statutes or of
the certificate of incorporation or of these by-laws, notice is required to be
given to any director or stockholder, it shall not be construed to mean personal
notice, but such notice may be given in writing, by
<PAGE>

mail or telegraph, addressed to such director or stockholder, at such address as
appears on the records of the corporation, with postage thereon prepaid, and
such notice shall be deemed to be given at the time when the same shall be
deposited in the United States mail or telegraphed, as the case may be.  Notice
to directors may also be given as provided in Section 9 of Article III.

     SECTION 2.  WAIVER OF NOTICE.  Whenever any notice is required to be given
under the provisions of the statutes or of the certificate of incorporation or
of these by-laws, a waiver thereof in writing, signed by the person or persons
entitled to said notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall
be deemed equivalent thereto.


                                    ARTICLE V

                                    OFFICERS

     SECTION 1.  NUMBER AND TITLE.  The officers of the corporation shall be
chosen by the board of directors and shall be a chairman of the board, a
president, a vice president, a secretary and a treasurer.  The board of
directors may also choose a vice chairman of the board, additional vice
presidents and one or more assistant secretaries and assistant treasurers.

     SECTION 2.  ELECTION AND QUALIFICATION.  The board of directors at its
first meeting after each annual meeting of stockholders shall choose a chairman
of the board, a president, one or more vice presidents, a secretary and a
treasurer.  No officer need be a member of the board.  If the election of
officers is not held at such meeting, such election shall be held as soon
thereafter as may be convenient.  Vacancies may be filled or new offices created
and filled at any meeting of the board of directors.

     SECTION 3.  APPOINTMENT OF ADDITIONAL OFFICERS.  The board of directors may
appoint such other officers and agents as it shall deem necessary who shall hold
their offices for such terms and shall exercise such powers and perform such
duties as shall be determined from time to time by the board.

     SECTION 4.  COMPENSATION.  The salaries and other compensation of all
officers and agents of the corporation shall be fixed by the board of directors.

     SECTION 5.  TERM OF OFFICE, REMOVAL AND VACANCIES.  The officers of the
corporation shall hold office until their successors are chosen and qualify or
until their deaths, resignations or removal.  Any officer elected or appointed
<PAGE>

by the board of directors may be removed at any time by the affirmative vote of
a majority of the board of directors.  Any vacancy occurring in any office of
the corporation may be filled by the board of directors.

     SECTION 6.  RESIGNATIONS.  Any officer may resign at any time by giving
written notice to the board of directors, the chairman of the board of
directors, the president or the secretary of the corporation.  Such resignation
shall take effect at the time specified in the written notice; and, unless the
resignation is tendered only to take effect upon acceptance thereof, the
acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make the resignation
effective.

     SECTION 7.  THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS.  The chairman of the
board of directors may be the chief executive officer of the corporation and, if
so designated by the board of directors, shall have the general direction of the
affairs of the corporation, except as otherwise prescribed by the board of
directors; shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders, of the board of
directors and of the executive committee, if any, and shall designate the acting
secretary for such meetings to take the minutes thereof for delivery to the
secretary; may execute contracts in the name of the corporation and appoint and
discharge agents and employees of the corporation; and shall be ex-officio a
member of all committees.

     SECTION 7A.  THE VICE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS.  The vice
chairman of the board may be the chief executive officer of the corporation and,
if so designated by the board of directors, shall have the general direction of
the affairs of the corporation, except as otherwise prescribed by the board of
directors, shall, in the event that the chairman of the board is absent or has
allowed the office of chairman of the board to be vacated, or is unable or
refuses to act, perform the duties of the chairman of the board.  The vice
chairman of the board may execute contracts in the name of the corporation and
appoint and discharge agents and employees of the corporation and shall perform
such other duties and have such other powers as the board of directors may from
time to time prescribe.  The vice chairman of the board shall be ex-officio a
member of all committees.

     SECTION 8.  THE PRESIDENT.  The president shall be the chief operating
officer of the corporation, and as such shall direct the operations of the
corporation.  The president shall assume such other duties as the board of
directors may assign from time to time.  In the event that the chairman of the
board and the vice chairman of the board each are one of the following: absent,
or has allowed the office of chairman or vice chairman to be vacated, or is
<PAGE>

unable or refuses to act; the president shall perform all duties and functions
of the chairman of the board.  The president may sign, with the secretary,
assistant secretary, treasurer or assistant treasurer, certificates for shares
of the corporation, and may sign any policies, deeds, mortgages, bonds,
contracts, or other instruments which the board of directors have authorized to
be executed except in cases where the signing and execution thereof shall be
expressly delegated by the board of directors or by these by-laws to some other
officer or agent of the corporation, or shall be required by law to be otherwise
signed or executed; appoint and discharge agents and employees of the
corporation, and in general, shall perform all duties incident to the office of
president.  The president shall be ex-officio a member of all committees.

     SECTION 9.  THE VICE PRESIDENTS.  The vice presidents in the order of their
seniority, unless otherwise determined by the board of directors, shall in the
event that the president is absent, or has allowed the office of president to be
vacated, or is unable or refuses to act, perform the duties of the president.
The vice presidents shall perform such other duties and have such other powers
as the board of directors may from time to time prescribe.

     SECTION 10.  THE SECRETARY.  The secretary shall attend all meetings of the
board of directors and all meetings of the stockholders and record all the
proceedings of the meetings of the corporation and of the board of directors in
a book to be kept for that purpose and shall perform like duties for the
standing committees when required; shall give, or cause to be given, notice of
all meetings of the stockholders by the board of directors, the chairman of the
board or president, under whose supervision the secretary shall be; and shall
keep in safe custody the corporate seal of the corporation and when authorized
by the board of directors, shall affix the same to any instrument requiring it
and when so affixed, it shall be attested by the signature of the secretary or
by the signature of an assistant secretary.

     SECTION 11.  ASSISTANT SECRETARIES.  The assistant secretaries in the order
of their seniority shall, in the event that the secretary is absent, or has
allowed the office of secretary to be vacated, or is unable or unwilling to act,
perform the duties and exercise the powers of the secretary.  They shall perform
such other duties and have such other powers as the board of directors may from
time to time prescribe.

     SECTION 12.  THE TREASURER.  The treasurer shall have the custody of the
corporate funds and securities and shall keep full and accurate accounts of
receipts and disbursements in books belonging to the corporation and
<PAGE>

shall deposit all money and other valuable effects in the name and to the credit
of the corporation in such depositories as may be designated by the board of
directors.  The treasurer shall disburse the funds of the corporation as may be
ordered by the board of directors, taking proper vouchers for such
disbursements, and shall render to the president and the board of directors, at
its regular meetings, or when the board of directors so requires, an account of
all such person's transactions as treasurer and of the financial condition of
the corporation.

     SECTION 13.  BOND.  If required by the board of directors, the treasurer
shall give the corporation a bond (which shall be renewed as required from time
to time) in such sum and with such surety or sureties as shall be satisfactory
to the board of directors for the faithful performance of the duties of the
office and for the restoration to the corporation, in case of the death,
resignation, retirement or removal from office of the treasurer, of all books,
papers, vouchers, money and other property of whatever kind in the possession or
under the control of the treasurer belonging to the corporation.

     SECTION 14.  ASSISTANT TREASURERS.  The assistant treasurers, in the order
of their seniority, unless otherwise determined by the board of directors, shall
in the event the treasurer is absent, or has allowed the office of treasurer to
be vacated, or is unable or refuses to act, perform the duties and exercise the
powers of the treasurer.  They shall perform such other duties and have such
other powers as the board of directors may from time to time prescribe.


                                   ARTICLE VI

                             STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS

     SECTION 1.  CERTIFICATE OF STOCK.  Every holder of stock in the corporation
shall be entitled to have a certificate, signed by, or in the name of, the
corporation by the chairman of the board, or the president or a vice president
and the treasurer or an assistant treasurer, or the secretary or an assistant
secretary of the corporation, registered in such stockholder's name, certifying
the number of shares owned by such holder in the corporation.

     SECTION 2.  CLASSES AND SERIES.  If the corporation shall be authorized to
issue more than one class of stock or more than one series of any class, the
powers, assignations, designations, preferences and relative, participating,
optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and
the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or
rights shall be set
<PAGE>

forth in full or summarized on the face or back of the certificate which the
corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock, provided
that, in lieu of the foregoing requirements, there may be set forth on the face
or back of the certificate which the corporation shall issue to represent such
class or series of stock, a statement that the corporation will furnish, without
charge, to each stockholder who so requests, the powers, designations,
preferences and relative participating, optional or other special rights of each
class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or
restrictions of such preferences and/or rights.

     SECTION 3.  SIGNATURES.  Where a certificate is countersigned (i) by a
transfer agent other than the corporation or its employee, or (ii) by a
registrar other than the corporation or its employee, any of or all the
signatures on the certificate of the officers of the corporation may be a
facsimile.  In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or
whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased
to be an officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued,
it may be issued by the corporation with the same effect as if such person were
such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue.

     SECTION 4.  LOST CERTIFICATES.  The board of directors may direct a new
certificate or certificates to be issued in place of any certificate or
certificates theretofore issued by the corporation alleged to have been lost,
stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of the fact by the person
claiming the certificate of stock to be lost, stolen or destroyed.  When
authorizing such issue of a new certificate or certificates, the board of
directors may, in its discretion and as a condition precedent to the issuance
thereof, require the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed certificate or
certificates, or such owner's legal representative, to advertise the same in
such manner as it shall require and/or to give the corporation a bond in such
sum as it may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against the
corporation with respect to the certificate alleged to have been lost, stolen or
destroyed.

     SECTION 5.  TRANSFERS OF STOCK.  Upon surrender to the corporation or the
transfer agent of the corporation of a certificate for shares duly endorsed or
accompanied by proper evidence of succession, assignation or authority to
transfer, it shall be the duty of the corporation to issue a new certificate to
the person entitled thereto, cancel the old certificate and record the
transaction upon its books.

     SECTION 6.  FIXING RECORD DATE.  The board of directors may close the stock
transfer books of the corporation for a period not exceeding sixty (60) days
preceding the date of
<PAGE>

any meeting of stockholders or the date for payment of any dividend or other
distribution or the date for the allotment of rights or the date when any change
or conversion or exchange of capital stock shall go into effect or for a period
of not exceeding sixty (60) days in connection with the obtaining the consent of
stockholders for any purpose.  In lieu of closing the stock transfer books as
aforesaid, the board of directors may fix in advance a date, not exceeding sixty
(60) days preceding the date of any meeting of stockholders, or the date for the
payment of any dividend, or other distribution or the date for the allotment of
rights, or the date when any change or conversion or exchange of capital stock
shall go into effect, or a date in connection with obtaining such consent, as a
record date for the determination of the stockholders entitled to notice of, and
to vote at, any such meeting, and any adjournment thereof, or entitled to
receive payment of any such dividend, or other distribution or to any such
allotment or rights, or to exercise the rights in respect of any such change,
conversion or exchange of capital stock, or to give such consent, and in such
case such stockholders and only such stockholders as shall be stockholders of
record on the date so fixed shall be entitled to such notice of, and to vote at,
such meeting and any adjournment thereof , or to receive payment of such
dividend, or other distribution, or to receive such allotment or rights, or to
exercise such rights, or to give such consent, as the case may be,
notwithstanding any transfer of any stock on the books of the corporation after
any such record date fixed as aforesaid.

     SECTION 7.  REGISTERED STOCKHOLDERS.  The corporation shall be entitled to
recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner
of shares to receive dividends, and to vote as such owner, and to hold liable
for calls and assessments a person registered on its books as the owner of
shares, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or
interest in such share or shares on the part of any other person, whether or not
it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by
the laws of Delaware.


                                   ARTICLE VII

                                 INDEMNIFICATION

     The officers, directors, employees and agents of the corporation shall be
indemnified as provided in the certificate of incorporation.
<PAGE>

                                  ARTICLE VIII

     SECTION 1.  DIVIDENDS.  Dividends upon the capital stock of the
corporation, subject to the provisions of the certificate of incorporation, if
any, may be declared by the board of directors at any regular or special
meeting, pursuant to law.  Dividends may be paid in cash, in property, or in
shares of the capital stock, subject to the provisions of the certificate of
incorporation.

     SECTION 2.  RESERVES.  Before payment of any dividend, there may be set
aside out of any funds of the corporation available for dividends such sum or
sums as the directors from time to time, in their absolute discretion, think
proper as a reserve or reserves to meet contingencies, or for equalizing
dividends, or for repairing or maintaining any property of the corporation, or
for such other purpose as the directors shall think conducive to the interest of
the corporation, and the directors may modify or abolish any such reserve in the
manner in which it was created.

     SECTION 3.  ANNUAL STATEMENT.  The board of directors shall present at each
annual meeting and when called for by vote of the stockholders at any special
meeting of the stockholders, a full and clear statement of the business and
condition of the
corporation.

     SECTION 4.  CHECKS.  All checks or demands for money and notes of the
corporation shall be signed by such officer or officers or such other person or
persons as the board of directors may from time to time designate.

     SECTION 5.  FISCAL YEAR.  The fiscal year of the corporation shall end on
August 31 in each year, commencing with the first taxable year beginning after
the corporation's 1986 fiscal year.

     SECTION 6.  SEAL.  The corporate seal shall have inscribed thereon the name
of the corporation, the year of its organization and the words "Corporate Seal,
Delaware".  The seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be
impressed or affixed or reproduced or otherwise.


                                   ARTICLE IX

     Subject to the provisions of the certificate of incorporation, these by-
laws may be altered, amended or repealed at any regular meeting of the
stockholders (or at any special meeting thereof duly called for that purpose) by
a majority vote of the shares represented and entitled to vote at such meeting;
provided that in the notice of such
<PAGE>

special meeting notice of such purpose shall be given.  Subject to the laws of
the State of Delaware, the certificate of incorporation and these by-laws, the
board of directors may by majority vote of those present at any meeting at which
a quorum is present alter, amend or repeal these by-laws, or enact such other
by-laws as in their judgment may be advisable for the regulation of the conduct
of the affairs of the corporation.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.AIC1
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10(A)(I)(C)(1)
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                          EXHIBIT 10(a)(i)(C)(1)


                                  AMENDMENT TO
                             UNITED STATIONERS INC.
                            MANAGEMENT INCENTIVE PLAN

                             Dated: October 11, 1994


     1.   Section 5 of the United Stationers Inc. Management Incentive Plan (as
amended and restated as of September 1, 1988) is hereby amended by adding
thereto, as paragraphs 5.2 through 5.5 thereof, the following:

     "5.2  ALTERNATIVE FORM OF PAYMENT.  Alternatively, Participants may elect
     to receive up to one-half of their Final Awards in common stock of the
     Company.  Any Participant who so elects may receive shares of common stock
     of the Company having a value, as of the end of the Plan Year, equal to
     120% of the cash value of the selected portion of the Award.

     "5.3  TIME FOR ELECTION.  Participants must make their election, if any, to
     receive common stock prior to the end of the Plan Year, except that
     Executive Officers of the Company must make their election, if any, on or
     before February 28 in each Plan Year.  No such election will be valid for
     the Plan Year in which the Participant's employment terminates.

     "5.4  LIMITATIONS ON TRANSFER OF SHARES.  Shares acquired by Participants
     pursuant to this Plan may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or
     otherwise encumbered prior to the earliest to occur of a Change in Control
     of the Company or two years after the date of issuance of such shares.
     Certificates representing such shares to be issued under this Plan shall
     bear an appropriate restrictive legend reflecting this limitation on
     transfer.

     "5.5  NUMBER OF AUTHORIZED SHARES.  The total number of shares of common
     stock which may be issued pursuant to this Plan shall be 300,000."


     2.   This Amendment is subject to approval by the stockholders of the
Company at the next annual meeting of stockholders, and shall become effective
upon such approval.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.AIE4
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10(A)(I)(E)(4)
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                          EXHIBIT 10(a)(i)(e)(4)




                                  AMENDMENT TO
                             UNITED STATIONERS INC.
                         1981 STOCK INCENTIVE AWARD PLAN


                       Amendment Adopted October 11, 1994



1.  The United Stationers Inc. 1981 Stock Incentive Award Plan (the "Plan") is
amended as follows:

     a.   Section 4 of the Plan is amended by deleting the number "1,620,000" in
          the first sentence and substituting therefor "1,782,000"

     b.   Section 5(g) of the Plan is amended by adding at the end thereof,
          after the word "grant", the following: "including, without limitation,
          by delivery of a note of the individual exercising the option."

2.   This Amendment shall be subject to approval by the stockholders of the
Company.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.EII
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10(E)(II)
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                               EXHIBIT 10(e)(ii)



                                  AMENDMENT TO

                       EMPLOYMENT AND CONSULTING AGREEMENT


This Agreement is made as of this 1st day of September, 1994, between UNITED
STATIONERS INC., UNITED STATIONERS SUPPLY CO. (collectively the "Company"), and
JEFFREY K. HEWSON ("Employee").

The Company and Employee have entered into an Employment and Consulting
Agreement dated March 1, 1990, and an Amendment dated April 10, 1991
(collectively, the "Agreement").

The parties desire to amend the Agreement.

THEREFORE, for valuable considerations which the parties acknowledge, the
parties agree as follows:

1. Paragraph 3 of the Agreement is amended by adding, as subparagraph (d)
thereof, the following:

          "(d)  Upon termination of the Term of Employment for any reason other
than by the Company for cause, the Company will provide, in addition to the
Normal Retirement Pension under the Company's Pension Plan, a supplemental
monthly retirement benefit equal to one twelfth (1/12) of one and one-half
percent (1 1/2%) of Employee's "Compensation" for each year of "Credited
Service". However, this supplemental retirement benefit shall be reduced by the
amount that the total benefits received by Employee under:

            (i)     the Company's Pension Plan,
           (ii)     the Company's Supplemental Benefits Plan,
          (iii)     this supplemental retirement benefit,
           (iv)     the value of Employee's split dollar insurance,
            (v)     social security pension benefits, and
           (vi)     prior employer pension benefits,

exceed fifty percent (50%) of Employee's Compensation.

          "For purpose of this paragraph, "Compensation" and "Credited Service"
shall have the same meanings, and be determined the same way as under the
Company's Pension Plan.

     "Further, Employee's right, if any, to a lump sum distribution under the
Pension Plan shall be equally applicable to this supplemental retirement
benefit.

          "In the event of retirement before age 69, for each year prior to
age 69 the supplemental retirement benefit provided herein shall be reduced by
an amount equal to two and one-half percent 2 1/2%) per year of the targeted
percentage calculated as if retirement had occurred on the 69th birthday of the
Employee."
<PAGE>
2.   Except as so amended, the Agreement is in all other respects unchanged.




UNITED STATIONERS INC.                  UNITED STATIONERS SUPPLY CO.

By: ______________________              By: _________________________
    Joel D. Spungin,                        Joel D. Spungin,
    Chairman of the Board and               Chairman of the Board and
    Chief Executive Officer                 Chief Executive Officer


                        ________________________________
                        Jeffrey K. Hewson, Employee


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.F
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10(F)
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                          UNITED STATIONERS SUPPLY CO.

                           DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN



                               ARTICLE I.  PURPOSE

The purpose of the Plan is to assist a select group of key management in their
financial and retirement planning by providing a means for the deferral of a
portion of their current compensation.  It is anticipated that this will aid in
attracting and retaining the key management required for the continued growth
and profitability of United Stationers Inc. and its subsidiaries.


                           ARTICLE II.  PARTICIPATION


1.  ELIGIBILITY.  All officers of United Stationers Supply Co. are eligible to
participate in the Plan.  Other key management employees occupying positions of
significant responsibility for the success of the Company may be invited to
participate by the Committee.  After notification of eligibility from the
Committee, an employee may participate by complying with the provisions of
paragraph 2.

2.  ELECTION TO DEFER.  Each Participant may elect to defer any portion of
future compensation, either base salary (Exhibit I) or cash bonus (Exhibit II),
or both, by filling out Designation of Amount to be Treated as a Deferred Amount
Form(s) stating the amount to be deferred either as a dollar amount or as a
percentage of compensation.  The election to defer any bonus payments must be
submitted to the Committee on or before August 31 preceding the fiscal year to
which the election applies.  The election to defer base salary must be submitted
on or before December 31 preceding the calendar year to which the election
applies.  However, for the first year in which the Plan is in effect or in which
the employee becomes eligible, the Participant must make the election within 30
days after the date the Plan is effective or the employee becomes eligible.  A
new Designation Form(s) must be submitted each year.  In no event will the
Company agree to defer an amount less than $5,000 annually.

3.  DEFERRED ACCOUNTS.

     (a)  The Company shall establish an unfunded Deferred Bookkeeping Account
for each Participant.  Such Account shall be credited with the amount of
compensation deferred and reduced by each payment.


                                        1
<PAGE>

     (b)  The amount credited to each Participant's Account is assumed to earn
interest at the Treasury Bill rate. However, no interest will be accrued if the
deferral period is for less than one full year.   The assumed interest shall be
credited to each Participant's Account as of the end of each calendar quarter or
such shorter applicable period.  Interest shall compound on a quarterly basis
and if interest is credited for a shorter applicable period, on the basis of and
for such shorter applicable period.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
Committee may at any time or from time to time change or otherwise modify the
basis or the method of calculating and crediting such interest, provided that
the change or modification does not adversely affect the balance of the
Participant's Account at the time of the change or modification.

4.  COMPANY LIABILITY.  The rights granted to the Participant or any beneficiary
shall be solely those of a general unsecured creditor.  The Plan constitutes a
mere promise by the employer to make benefit payments in the future.   The Plan,
and any action taken pursuant to it, are not to be construed as creating a
fiduciary relationship of any kind.


                    ARTICLE III. PAYMENT OF DEFERRED AMOUNTS

1.  METHOD OF PAYMENT.  All payments will be made in cash.  The Participant
shall submit a Payment Election Form (Exhibit III) simultaneously with the
filing of the initial Designation of Amount to be treated as a Deferred Amount
Form, electing a lump sum payment, or not more than four installments per year,
or any other method acceptable to the Committee, and also designating the year
payments shall commence.  The lump-sum payment will be made on the first regular
payday during the  month and the year selected by the Participant.  Other
payments will be made in not more than quarterly installments commencing the
first day of the calendar quarter selected by the Participant.

2.  ACCELERATED PAYMENTS.  An accelerated payment may be made to a Participant
or his or her beneficiary (as designated under paragraph 3) in the case of
Participant's retirement, death, disability retirement, voluntary or involuntary
termination of employment, a change in control of the Company, or in the event
of unforseeable emergency, as determined by the Committee.

     (a)   In the case of death or disability of the Participant any time prior
to receiving the full balance of his or her deferred account, the remaining
balance shall be paid to the Participant, if living, or to the Participant's
beneficiary if not, in one lump sum as soon as reasonably practicable after
determination by the Committee that disability or death has occurred.  If no
beneficiary has been designated, or none survives, the payment will be to the
Participant's estate.  If a beneficiary survives, but is a minor or is legally
disabled, the


                                        2
<PAGE>

payment may be to any person deemed by the Committee to have incurred expenses
for such beneficiary unless a prior claim has been made by a duly appointed
guardian or legal representative.

     (b)  An unforseeable emergency for purposes of the Plan is an unanticipated
emergency caused by an event beyond the control of the Participant or the
Participant's beneficiary that would result in severe financial hardship to the
individual if early withdrawal is not permitted.  In the case of a financial
emergency the Participant may apply to the Committee in writing for an
accelerated payment.  Only that portion of the Deferred Account necessary to
meet the emergency, as determined by the Committee, shall be paid.  The
application must supply all information necessary to make such a determination.

3.  DESIGNATION OF BENEFICIARY.  Each Participant shall have the continuing
right to designate a beneficiary.  A Beneficiary Designation Form (Exhibit IV)
may be submitted to the Committee at any time.  A change in beneficiary may be
made by submitting a revised Form to the Committee.  Consent of any person
previously named is not required.


                          ARTICLE IV.   ADMINISTRATION.

The Plan shall be administered by the members of the Compensation Committee of
the Board of Directors of United Stationers Inc.  The Committee may adopt such
rules for carrying out the provisions and purposes of the Plan as it deems
advisable.  The Committee's interpretations and determinations of any question
arising under the Plan or any such rule shall be conclusive if not inconsistent
with the provisions and purposes of the Plan.  No member of the Committee shall
be liable for any action taken or omitted in connection with the Plan unless
attributable to his or her own willful misconduct or lack of good faith.


                            ARTICLE V.  MISCELLANEOUS

1.  TRANSFERABILITY.   A Participant's rights to benefit payments under the Plan
are not subject in any manner to anticipation, alienation, sale, transfer,
assignment, pledge, encumbrance, attachment, or garnishment by creditors of the
Participant or the Participant's beneficiary.

2.  BINDING EFFECT.  The Plan shall bind and inure to the benefit of the
Company, its affiliates and its successors by merger, consolidation, purchase or
otherwise and the Participant and his or her heirs and legal representatives.

3.  STATUS.  The Plan does not confer upon the Participant any legal right to
any specific amount of compensation, or to continue in the employ of the
Company, nor does it restrict the right of the Participant to terminate his or
her service.


                                        3
<PAGE>

4.  WITHHOLDING.  The Company may deduct from any amounts being deferred or any
payment, any amount required by law to be withheld.

5.  OTHER COMPENSATION.  The adoption of this Plan shall in no way be construed
as limiting the power of the Board to adopt any other compensation arrangements
it deems desirable.

6.  ENTIRE PLAN.   The Plan and the forms mentioned herein constitute the entire
agreement between the Company and the Participant with respect hereto.

7.  MODIFICATION AND TERMINATION.  The Board of Directors of United Stationers
Supply Co. at any time may amend, modify, suspend, reinstate or terminate this
Plan in whole or in part or with respect to any Participant, provided that such
action shall not adversely affect the rights of any Participant with respect to
the amounts already deferred hereunder.

8.  GOVERNING LAW.  This Plan shall be governed by the laws of the State of
Illinois.  It is intended that the Plan complies with the provisions of the
Internal Revenue Code and Regulations in effect at the time of its adoption.  If
such laws are later construed in such way as to make this Plan void, or its
deferral benefits no longer available, then the Plan will be given effect in
such manner as will best carry out the purposes and intentions of the parties.

9.  NOTICES.  Any notice in connection with the Plan shall be in writing and
delivered in person or by registered or certified mail, return receipt
requested.  Date of delivery will be the date personally delivered or the date
on the return receipt, if correctly addressed.

10.  EFFECTIVE DATE AND TERM.  The Plan shall be effective as of September 1,
1994 and shall continue until terminated by the Board.


                                        4



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.GVIIIA5B
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10(G)(VIII)(A)(5)(B)
<TEXT>

<PAGE>


Amendment No. 6 to
Option and Purchase Agreement

Dated as of May 31, 1994

          UNITED STATIONERS INC., a corporation organized and existing under the
laws of the State of Delaware (the "Company"), and THE BANK OF NEW YORK
(formerly called IRVING TRUST COMPANY), a New York State banking corporation
("BNY"), having previously entered into between themselves an Option and
Purchase Agreement dated as of September 4, 1985 and having previously amended
such agreement as of March 1, 1993, January 25, 1993, July 31, 1992, January 31,
1992, April 1, 1988 (as previously so amended, the "Option and Purchase
Agreement"), agree, subject to the terms and conditions herein stated, to
further amend the Option and Purchase Agreement as follows (capitalized terms
used but not defined herein are used as defined in the Option and Purchase
Agreement; this Agreement being hereafter referred to as this "Amendment"):

          I.   Option and Purchase Agreement Amendment

          1.1  The portion of Section 2.(a) of the Option and Purchase Agreement
which presently reads as follows:

               Date                     Principal Amount

          January 31, 1994                     -0-
          July 31, 1994                        -0-
          January 31, 1995              $    1,250,000
          July 31, 1995                 $    1,250,000
          January 31, 1996              $    1,250,000
          July 31, 1996                 $    1,250,000
          January 31, 1997              $    1,250,000
          July 31, 1997                 $    1,750,000

shall be deleted and the following substituted in its place:

               Date                     Principal Amount

          July 31, 1994                        -0-
          January 31, 1995                     -0-
          July 31, 1995                        -0-
          January 31, 1996              $    1,250,000
          July 31, 1996                 $    1,250,000
          January 31, 1997              $    1,250,000
          July 31, 1997                 $    1,250,000
          January 31, 1998              $    1,250,000
          July 31, 1998                 $    1,750,000
<PAGE>

          1.2  The Company hereby waives all rights it might have, if any, to
notice of the aforementioned amendment or any deferral effected thereby.

          1.3  Other than the amendment expressed in Section 1.1 of this
Amendment, BNY agrees to no other amendment, consent or waiver and all other
terms, conditions and obligations of the Option and Purchase Agreement remain in
full force and effect including, without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company's obligation to make mandatory purchases from and after
January 31, 1996.

III.  Conditions

          3.1  Conditions to the Effectiveness of This Amendment. The
effectiveness of this Amendment is subject to the following:

               (a)  receipt by BNY of this Amendment duly executed by the
Company;

               (b)  there not having occurred and there not continuing any Event
of Default, or any Supplemental Guaranty Event of Default, as of the date as of
which this Amendment is dated, either before or after giving effect to this
Amendment, where the term "Supplemental Guaranty Event of Default" is an Event
of Default as defined in that certain Supplemental Guaranty and Indemnification
Agreement dated as of September 4, 1988, as amended (the "Supplemental
Guaranty"), in which the Company is defined as the Guarantor.

IV. Representations and Warranties

          4.1  Representations and Warranties.  The Company represents and
warrants that:

               (a)  There is neither an Event of Default or a Supplemental
Guaranty Event of Default and none is continuing as of the date as of which this
Amendment is dated, either before or after giving effect to this Amendment;

               (b)  The Company is a corporation duly organized and validly
existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, has the corporate power,
authority and capacity to execute and deliver this Amendment;

               (c)  The Company's execution and delivery of this Amendment and
the carrying out of this Amendment and the Option and Purchase Agreement do not
and will not violate in any material respect any provision of law or of the
Certificate of Incorporation or the By-Laws of the
<PAGE>

Company or of any agreement, indenture or other instrument to which the Company
is a party or by which the Company is bound including, without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, any guaranty for the benefit of BNY; and

               (d)  All corporate action by the Company necessary in connection
with the execution and delivery of this Amendment has been duly and effectively
taken including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the granting
of all authorizations necessary for the persons executing and delivering this
Amendment for the Company to so execute and deliver this Amendment.

V.  Miscellaneous

          5.1  Effect on the Option and Purchase Agreement.

               (a)  Except as specifically amended or supplemented by this
Amendment, the Option and Purchase Agreement and the Supplemental Guaranty and
any related guaranty or grant of a security interest or mortgage made by the
Company for the benefit of BNY shall remain in full force and effect and is
hereby ratified and affirmed.

               (b)  Except as may be expressly stated in this Amendment, nothing
contained in this Amendment, nor the execution, delivery or effectiveness
hereof, shall operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of BNY.

          5.2  Governing Law.  This Amendment and the documents delivered
hereunder shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the
State of New York.

          5.3  Execution in Counterparts.  This Amendment may be executed in any
number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts,
each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original
and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.


          IN WITNESS THEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to
be executed by their duly authorized representatives on this ____ day of June,
1994.

                                                  UNITED STATIONERS INC.,
                                                  a Delaware corporation


                                                  By:______________________
                                                     James A. Pribel
                                                     Treasurer

                                                  THE BANK OF NEW YORK
<PAGE>



                                                  By:_______________________
                                                     Name:
                                                     Title:


#30086360.1


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.I
<SEQUENCE>8
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10(I)
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

ACORD Certificate of Insurance LS 00989
Issue Date:  11/14/94

Producer:
Mesirow Ins Services
350 N. Clark St.
Chicago, IL  60610

Insured:
United Stationers Supply
United Stationers Inc.
2200 East Golf Road
Des Plaines, IL  60016-1267

This certificate is issued as a matter of information only and confers no rights
upon the certificate holder.  This certificate does not amend, extend or alter
the coverage afforded by the policies below.

Companies affording coverage:
Federal Insurance Company

Coverages:
This is to certify that the policies of insurance listed below have been issued
to the insured named above for the policy period indicated, notwithstanding any
requirement, term or condition of any contract or other document with respect to
which this certificate may be issued or may pertain, the insurance afforded by
the policies described herein is subject to all the terms, exclusions and
conditions of such policies.  Limits shown may have been reduced by paid claims.

Type of Insurance:       Directors & Officers Liability
Policy Number:           81200259F
Policy Effective Date:   11/01/93
Policy Expiration Date:  11/01/94
Limits:                  $25,000,000
                         $250,000 Deductible

Description of operations/locations/vehicles/special items:
None

Certificate Holder:
United Stationers Inc.
2200 East Golf Road
Des Plaines, IL  60016

Cancellation:
Should any of the above described policies be cancelled before the expiration
date thereof, the issuing company will endeavor to mail 30 days written notice
to the certificate holder named to the left, but failure to mail such notice
shall impose no obligation or liability of any kind upon the company, its agents
or representatives.

Authorized Representative:
James C. Styer



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.K
<SEQUENCE>9
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10(K)
<TEXT>

<PAGE>



                                                                   EXHIBIT 10(K)


                          PLAN AND AGREEMENT OF MERGER


THIS AGREEMENT dated as of August 31, 1994 by and between: MICROUNITED INC., a
Delaware corporation ("MU"),  and UNITED STATIONERS SUPPLY CO., an Illinois
corporation ("USSCo.") (Said corporations are hereinafter sometimes called
"Constituent Corporations"), and  UNITED STATIONERS INC., a Delaware corporation
("Parent").

     A.   MU is a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State
          of Delaware. The authorized capital stock of MU consists of 1,000
          shares of common stock, $1.00 par value per share, all of which shares
          are issued and outstanding.

     B.   USSCo. is a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the
          State of Illinois. The authorized capital stock of USSCo. consists of
          890,000 shares of common stock, $1.00 par value per share, all of
          which shares are issued and outstanding.

     C.   All of the issued and outstanding shares of both Constituent
          Corporations are held by Parent.

     D.   Parent desires to provide for the merger of MU into USSCo. by a
          statutory merger of the parties intended to qualify as a tax-free
          reorganization under Section 368(a)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of
          1986 as amended.

     E.   Parent, as the sole shareholder of each of the Constituent
          Corporations waives the 30-day period for notice as specified in
          Section 11.30(b) of the Illinois Business Corporation Act of 1983
          ("BCA").

<PAGE>

THEREFORE, the parties agree to the following terms and conditions of merger and
the mode of carrying it into effect:

     1. MERGER.  Pursuant to Section 11.30 of the BCA and in accordance with
this Agreement, MU shall be merged into USSCo., which shall be the surviving
corporation, and the separate existence of MU shall cease upon the effectiveness
of its merger with and into USSCo.

     2.  EFFECTIVENESS.   The merger shall be effective at 5:00 p.m. Central
Daylight Savings Time, on the date the Articles of Merger are filed with the
Secretary of State of the State of Illinois in accordance with the BCA.  Upon
the merger becoming effective, USSCo. shall possess all the rights and
privileges, powers and franchises, and be subject to all the restrictions,
disabilities and duties of the Constituent Corporations; and all property, real,
personal and mixed and all debts due to either of the Constituent Corporations
on whatever account and all other things in action or belonging to either of the
Constituent Corporations shall be vested in USSCo., and all and every other
interest shall be thereafter as effectively the property of USSCo. as they were
of the respective Constituent Corporations, and the title to any real estate
vested by deed or otherwise in either of the Constituent Corporations shall not
revert or be in any way impaired by reason of the merger, but all rights of
creditors and all liens upon any property of either of the Constituent
Corporations shall be preserved unimpaired, and all debts, liabilities,
obligations and duties of the respective Constituent Corporations shall attach
to USSCo., and may be entered against it to the same extent as if the debts,
liabilities, obligations and duties had been contracted by it.

     3.  NAME. The name of the surviving corporation shall continue to be United
Stationers Supply Co.

     4.  ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION AND BY-LAWS. The Articles of Incorporation
and By-Laws of USSCo. in effect on the effective date of the merger shall be the
Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws of the surviving corporation.

     5.  OFFICE AND REGISTERED AGENT.  The principal office, the registered
office and the registered agent of USSCo. on the effective date of the merger
shall remain the same.

                                        2

<PAGE>

     6.  OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS. The persons who are officers and/or directors
of USSCo. on the effective date of the merger shall continue to be the
respective directors and officers of the surviving corporation until the next
annual meeting of the shareholder and directors of USSCo. and until their
successors are elected and qualified.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties, pursuant to the authority duly given by
resolutions adopted by their respective Boards of Directors,  have caused this
Agreement to be duly executed as of the date shown above.

                                   UNITED STATIONERS INC.
                                   A Delaware corporation
ATTEST:


________________________________   By: ______________________________________
  Secretary                            Joel D. Spungin, Chairman of the Board
                                       and Chief Executive Officer
  (SEAL)

                                   MICROUNITED INC.
                                   A Delaware corporation
ATTEST:

________________________________   By: ______________________________________

   Secretary                           Allen B. Kravis,  Sr. VicePresident

   (SEAL)



                                   UNITED STATIONERS SUPPLY CO.
ATTEST:                            an Illinois corporation

________________________________   By: ______________________________________
   Secretary                           Allen B. Kravis,  Sr. Vice President

   (SEAL)

                                        3


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1IIA
<SEQUENCE>10
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10(1)(II)(A)
<TEXT>

<PAGE>


                                AMENDMENT NO. 1
                                       TO
                                CREDIT AGREEMENT

          THIS AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT ("Amendment No. 1") dated as
of June 30, 1993, by and among UNITED STATIONERS SUPPLY CO., an Illinois
corporation (the "Borrower"), UNITED STATIONERS INC., a Delaware corporation
("USI"), MICROUNITED INC., a Delaware corporation ("MicroUnited"), UNITED
STATIONERS CANADA LTD., a Canadian corporation ("Stationers Canada"), and UNITED
STATIONERS HONG KONG LIMITED, a Hong Kong corporation (formerly Devine
International Limited ) ("USHK"), UNITED WORLDWIDE LIMITED, a Hong Kong
corporation ("UWL") (USI, MicroUnited, Stationers Canada, USHK and UWL shall
sometimes be referred to collectively as the "Guarantors"); and NATIONSBANK OF
NORTH CAROLINA, N.A., NBD BANK, N.A., THE NORTHERN TRUST CO., BANQUE PARIBAS,
WACHOVIA BANK OF GEORGIA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, FIRST INTERSTATE BANK OF TEXAS,
N.A. and PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (formerly Pittsburgh National Bank)
("PNC") (collectively the "Banks"), and PNC as Agent.

                                   WITNESSETH:

          WHEREAS, the Borrower is a party to a Reducing Revolving Credit and
Term Loan Agreement, dated as of June 24, 1992, among the Borrower, the
Guarantors, the Banks and PNC, as agent (as so amended, the "Credit Agreement"),
pursuant to which the Banks have agreed to make competitive bid loans, term
loans and revolving credit loans to the Borrower, all under the terms and
conditions set forth therein;

          WHEREAS, the capitalized terms used but not defined herein and defined
in the Credit Agreement shall have the meanings given to them under the Credit
Agreement, as amended hereby;

          WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Guarantors and the Banks desire to amend
the Credit Agreement to do all of the following simultaneously with the
effective date of this Amendment: (i) permit the Borrower to form a new
corporation with T.J. Crayne so long as the Loan Parties' loans, investments and
advances to the new corporation do not exceed $2,000,000 in the aggregate from
all Loan Parties, (ii) permit the Borrower to form a new Subsidiary, UWL, which
will be organized under the laws of Hong Kong and will become a Loan Party to
the Credit Agreement and (iii) modify other terms of the Credit Agreement as set
forth herein;

          NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants
contained herein and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto
agree as follows:

          1.   Amendments.  The parties hereto do hereby modify and amend the
Credit Agreement as follows:

               (a)  By adding the following definitions of the following terms
to Section 1.01:

               "UBC shall mean United Business Computers, Inc., a corporation
          organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware and
          owned by the Borrower and T.J. Crayne."

<PAGE>

               "USHK" shall mean United Stationers Hong Kong Limited, a
          corporation organized and existing under the laws of Hong Kong."

               ""UWL shall mean United Worldwide Limited, a corporation
          organized and existing under the laws of Hong Kong."


               (b)  By deleting in their entirety from Section 1.01, the
definitions of Affiliate, Guarantors, Loan Guaranty, Loan Parties and Subsidiary
and inserting the following definitions of such terms in lieu thereof:

               "Affiliate as to any Loan Party shall mean any other person (i)
          which directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under
          common control with such Loan Party, (ii) which beneficially owns or
          holds 50% or more of any class of the voting stock of such Loan Party
          or (iii) 50% or more of the voting stock (or in the case of a person
          which is not a corporation, 50% or more of the equity interest) of
          which is beneficially owned or held, directly or indirectly, by such
          Loan Party; provided, however, in no event shall UBC be deemed to be
          an Affiliate of any Loan Party.  Control, as used herein, shall mean
          the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or
          cause the direction of the management or policies of a person, whether
          through the ownership of voting securities (other than securities
          having contingent voting rights), by contract or otherwise, including
          the power to elect a majority of the directors or trustees of a
          corporation or trust, as the case may be."

               "Guarantors shall mean collectively USI, MicroUnited, Stationers
          Canada, USHK and UWL."

               "Loan Guaranty shall mean the Guaranty and Suretyship Agreement
          of USHK, UWL, MicroUnited, Stationers Canada and USI in substantially
          the form attached hereto as Exhibit 1.01(L) executed and delivered by
          such parties to the Agreement for the benefit of the Banks."

               "Loan Parties shall mean the Borrower, USI, MicroUnited,
          Stationers Canada, USHK and UWL."

               "Subsidiary of any person at any time shall mean (i) any
          corporation or trust of which 50% or more (by number of shares or
          number of votes) of the outstanding capital stock or shares of
          beneficial interest normally entitled to vote for the election of one
          or more directors or trustees (without regard to any contingency which
          does or may suspend or dilute the voting rights) is at such time owned
          directly or indirectly by such person or one or more of such person's
          Subsidiaries, or any partnership of which such person is a general
          partner or of which 50% or more of the partnership interests is at the
          time directly

<PAGE>

          or indirectly owned by such person or one or more of such person's
          Subsidiaries, and (ii) any corporation, trust, partnership or other
          entity which is controlled or capable of being controlled by such
          person or one or more of such person's Subsidiaries; provided,
          however, in no event shall UBC be deemed to be a Subsidiary of any
          Loan Party."

               (c)  By deleting in its entirety from Section 1.01, the
definition of Devine, and by inserting the term "USHK" in lieu of the defined
term "Devine" throughout the Credit Agreement.

               (d)  By inserting a new clause (v) at the end of Section
6.01(b) as follows:

                 "(v)  The authorized capital stock of UWL consists of 1,000
                       shares, of which 1,000 shares are issued and outstanding
                       with 999 shares owned by the Borrower and 1 share owned
                       by MicroUnited.  All such shares have been validly issued
                       and are fully paid and nonassessable.  There are no
                       options, warrants or other rights outstanding to purchase
                       any such shares except as indicated on Schedule 6.01(b)."

               (e)  By amending and restating Section 6.01(c) to read as
follows:

                 "(c)  Subsidiaries.  USI has no active Subsidiaries except for
          the Borrower and MicroUnited.  The Borrower has no Subsidiaries except
          for Stationers Canada, USHK and UWL, each of which are wholly owned
          Subsidiaries of the Borrower (with the exception of USHK and UWL,
          which are owned in part by MicroUnited).  Neither Stationers Canada
          nor MicroUnited has any Subsidiaries.  USI has good and marketable
          title to its shares of the Borrower and MicroUnited.  The Borrower has
          good and marketable title to its shares of Stationers Canada, USHK and
          UWL (collectively, the "Subsidiary Shares"), free and clear in each
          case of any Lien.  All Subsidiary Shares have been validly issued and
          are fully paid and nonassessable. There are no options, warrants or
          other rights outstanding to purchase any such shares."

               (f)  By amending and restating Section 8.01(l) in its
entirety to read as follows:

                 "(l) Ownership of Subsidiaries.  USI shall own all of the
          issued and outstanding stock of the Borrower and MicroUnited, and the
          Borrower shall own all of the issued and outstanding shares of
          Stationers Canada, USHK and UWL (except in the case of USHK and UWL
          for the one (1) share owned by MicroUnited), except that,
          notwithstanding the foregoing, the Loan Parties may merge or
          consolidate with one another as permitted under Section 8.02(e)(ii)."

               (g)  By amending and restating Section 8.02(a)(ix) and (x) to
read as follows:

<PAGE>

                 "(ix) Indebtedness under lines of credit for use outside of the
                       United States to finance the foreign operations of the
                       Loan Parties in an amount not to exceed $9,000,000;

                 (x)   Indebtedness incurred by reason of overdrafts of the Loan
                       Parties so long as any such Indebtedness is repaid in
                       full within one Business Day after it is incurred."

               (h)  By amending and restating Section 8.02(c) in its entirety to
read as follows:

                 "(c) Loans and Investments.  Except as otherwise provided or
          permitted in this Agreement or described in the Schedules hereto, each
          Loan Party shall not at any time make or suffer to remain outstanding
          any loan or advance to, or purchase, acquire or own any stock, bonds,
          notes or securities of, or any partnership interest (whether general
          or limited) in, or any other investment or interest in, or make any
          capital contribution to, any other person, or agree, become or remain
          liable to do any of the foregoing, except:

                        (i)   trade credit extended on usual and customary terms
          in the ordinary course of business;

                       (ii)   advances to employees to meet expenses incurred by
          such employees in the ordinary course of business;

                      (iii)   Permitted Investments;

                       (iv)   any interest rate swap, cap, collar or
          floor or other interest rate management instrument;

                        (v)   Intercompany Loans subject to the Subordination
          Agreement;


                       (vi)   other loans, investments or advances made
          in cash or property to parties other than the Loan Parties
          and UBC in an amount not to exceed $2,500,000 in the
          aggregate for all Loan Parties;

                      (vii)   acquisitions permitted under Section
          8.02(e)(iv); and

                     (viii)   other loans, investments or advances made
          in cash or property to UBC in an amount not to exceed
          $2,000,000 in the aggregate for all Loan Parties."

               (i)  By amending and restating Section 8.02(e) in its entirety to
read as follows:

                 "(e) Liquidations, Mergers, Consolidations and

<PAGE>

          Acquisitions.  Each of the Loan Parties shall not dissolve, liquidate
          or wind-up its affairs, or become a party to any merger or
          consolidation, or acquire by purchase, lease or otherwise all or
          substantially all of the assets or capital stock of any other person,
          provided that (i) the Loan Parties may consummate the SDC merger
          pursuant to the Merger Document and the Distributing merger; (ii) the
          Subsidiaries of USI may merge into or consolidate with one another or
          USI, provided that the Borrower or USI (as the case may be) shall
          remain a surviving entity and the Borrower shall remain the obligor on
          the Indebtedness under this Agreement; (iii) the Borrower, Stationers
          Canada, USHK, UWL or MicroUnited may consolidate or merge with another
          entity not specified in Section 8.02(e)(ii), provided that USI, the
          Borrower, Stationers Canada, USHK, UWL and MicroUnited each shall
          remain in existence following such merger, the merger shall not create
          any breach of any other representation, warranty, covenant or
          condition hereunder, the Borrower, Stationers Canada, USHK, UWL and
          MicroUnited shall remain direct wholly-owned subsidiaries of USI or
          the Borrower, as the case may be, after the merger; and the Borrower
          shall remain the obligor on the Indebtedness under this Agreement, and
          (iv) the Loan Parties may acquire the assets or all of the stock of or
          other ownership interests in another entity provided that (A) the
          consideration paid by the Loan Parties consists solely of capital
          stock of USI except for cash used to buy fractional shares and for
          payments in respect of dissenters' rights; (B) the aggregate fair
          market value of USI stock issued or exchanged in connection with any
          single acquisition shall not exceed $15,000,000 and in the aggregate
          for all acquisitions during the term of this Agreement shall not
          exceed $35,000,000 prior to repayment of all Term Loans and
          $50,000,000 following repayment of all Term Loans; and (C) the
          business acquired comply with the requirements of Section 8.02(i); and
          (v) the Loan Parties shall be permitted to engage in investments
          permitted under Section 8.02(c)(vi) and (viii).  The Borrower shall
          notify the Agent of each transaction described in clauses (ii) through
          (iv) above and the terms thereof within fifteen (15) Business Days
          after the closing date thereof."

               (j)  By amending and restating Section 8.02(f) in its
entirety to read as follows:

                 "(f) Dispositions of Assets or Subsidiaries. Each of the Loan
          Parties shall not sell, convey, assign or lease (excluding subleases)
          on terms which are in essence a complete disposition of the underlying
          asset, or abandon or otherwise transfer or dispose of, voluntarily or
          involuntarily, any of its properties or assets, tangible or intangible
          (including but not limited to sale, assignment, discount or other
          disposition of accounts, contract rights, chattel paper, equipment or
          general

<PAGE>

          intangibles with or without recourse or of capital stock, shares of
          beneficial interest or partnership interests of a Subsidiary), except:

                        (i)   transactions involving the sale of inventory in
          the ordinary course of business;

                       (ii)   any sale, transfer or lease of assets in the
          ordinary course of business which are no longer necessary or required
          in the conduct of the Borrower's business, except that sales of
          regional distribution centers and distribution centers owned by SDC or
          Distributing prior to their merger or liquidation shall not be deemed
          to be in the ordinary course of business;

                      (iii)   any sale, transfer or lease of assets among the
          Loan Parties which is in accordance with all applicable Law;

                       (iv)   any sale or transfer of fixed assets in the
          ordinary course of business which are replaced by substitute assets
          acquired or leased within the parameters of Section 8.02(n);

                        (v)   any sale, transfer or lease of assets provided
          that the aggregate book value of the assets to be sold or transferred
          and all assets previously sold, transferred or leased during the term
          of this Agreement do not exceed 10% of Consolidated Tangible Net Worth
          as of the date of such sale; or

                       (vi)   transactions permitted under Section
          8.02(c)(viii)."

               (k)  By amending and restating Section 8.02(h) in its
entirety to read as follows:

                 "(h) Subsidiaries, Partnerships and Joint Ventures. The Loan
          Parties shall not own or create directly or indirectly any
          Subsidiaries other than Subsidiaries which are Loan Parties or shall
          become Loan Parties and Guarantors of the indebtedness hereunder and
          with respect to which appropriate legal opinions reasonably requested
          by the Agent have been issued, provided that the Borrower will not
          transfer any material portion of its business or assets to such
          Subsidiaries without the prior written consent of the Banks which
          consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, and provided further that
          the Borrower shall be permitted to acquire and own an interest in UBC
          without the requirement that UBC become a Loan Party and a Guarantor
          of the indebtedness hereunder so long as Borrower complies with
          Section 8.02 in connection with such acquisition and the ownership of
          such interest."

<PAGE>

          2.   Financial Statements and Reports.  The Banks acknowledge that,
while UBC is not a Loan Party under the Credit Agreement, UBC's financial
condition and results of operation will be included in the Loan Parties'
financial statements as required by GAAP.  Such consolidated financial
statements shall be used for all purposes under the Credit Agreement and the
figures reported therein shall be deemed to be those exclusively of the Loan
Parties.

          3.   Representations and Warranties. The Loan Parties each confirm the
representations and warranties made by them to the Banks in Article VI of the
Credit Agreement as of the date hereof (except for representations and
warranties which expressly relate to an earlier date or time, which
representations and warranties shall be true and correct on and as of the
specific dates or times referred to therein), as such representations and
warranties are amended by this Amendment No. 1.

          4.   Effect on Loan Documents. Each of the Guarantors agrees that the
Loan Guaranty and the Competitive Bid Loan Guaranties shall not be affected by
this Amendment No. 1 (except for the name change of USHK and the joinder of UWL)
and shall remain in full force and effect.  The Borrower confirms that the
Notes, the Competitive Bid Notes and each of the other Loan Documents shall not
be affected by this Amendment No. 1 and shall remain in full force and effect.
Except as expressly modified by this Amendment No. 1, all of the terms,
conditions, representations, warranties and covenants of the Loan Parties under
the Loan Documents shall remain in full force and effect.

          5.   Conditions to Effectiveness. The effectiveness of this Amendment
No. 1 is conditioned upon the Borrower's compliance with the following:

               (a)  The Borrower shall deliver to the Agent for the benefit of
          each Bank a certificate dated the date of this Amendment No. 1 signed
          by a Secretary or Assistant Secretary of each Loan Party certifying as
          to all corporate action taken by each of them in connection with this
          Amendment No. 1.

               (b)  The Borrower shall deliver to the Agent for the benefit of
          each Bank a written opinion of in-house counsel for Borrower, USI and
          MicroUnited dated the effective date of this Amendment No. 1 as to the
          matters set forth in Exhibit "A".

               (c)  The Borrower shall deliver to the Agent for the benefit of
          each Bank copies of UBC's and UWL's organizational documents,
          including its certificate of incorporation and bylaws as in effect on
          the date hereof as certified by an executive officer of UBC and UWL,
          together with certificates from an executive officer of UBC and UWL as
          to the continued existence and good standing of UBC and UWL.

               (d)  The Borrower shall deliver to the Agent for the benefit of
          each Bank copies of all the Borrower's loan

<PAGE>

          documents with UBC.

               (e)  The Borrower shall deliver to the Agent for the benefit of
          each Bank a joinder duly executed by UWL to the Competitive Bid Loan
          Guaranty, the Loan Guaranty and the Subordination Agreement.

               (f)  The Borrower shall deliver to the Agent for the benefit of
          the Banks a certificate dated the date hereof and signed by the Chief
          Executive Officer, President or Chief Financial Officer, certifying as
          of the date hereof, as to those matters set forth in Section 7.01(a)
          of the Credit Agreement.

          6.   Counterparts. This Amendment No. 1 may be executed by different
parties hereto in any number of separate counterparts, each of which, when so
executed and delivered shall be an original and all of such counterparts shall
together constitute one and the same instrument.

          7.   Reimbursement. The Borrower unconditionally agrees to pay or
reimburse the Agent and the Banks, as the case may be, and save the Agent and
each Bank harmless against liability for the payment of all reasonable out-of-
pocket costs, expenses and disbursements, including but not limited to,
reasonable fees and expenses of counsel, incurred (a) by the Agent in connection
with the development, preparation, printing, execution, administration,
interpretation and performance of this Amendment No. 1 and the other Loan
Documents and (b) with respect to all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages,
penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any
kind or nature whatsoever which may be imposed on, incurred by or  asserted
against the Agent or any Bank in any way relating to or arising out of this
Amendment No. 1 or any other Loan Documents or in any action taken or omitted by
the Agent or any Bank hereunder or thereunder, provided that the Borrower shall
not be liable for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages,
penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses if the same results from
the Agent's or such Bank's gross negligence or willful misconduct.

          8.   Entire Agreement. This Amendment No. 1 and the exhibit hereto set
forth the entire agreement and understanding of the parties with respect to the
transactions contemplated hereby and supersede all prior understandings and
agreements, whether written or oral, among the parties hereto and thereto
relating to the subject matter hereof.  No representation, promise, inducement
or statement of intention has been made by any party which is not embodied in
this Amendment No. 1, and no party shall be bound by or liable for any alleged
representations, promise, inducement or statement of intention not set forth
herein.

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, by their officers thereunto
duly authorized, have executed this Amendment No. 1 as of the day and year first
above written.

ATTEST:                            UNITED STATIONERS SUPPLY CO.

<PAGE>

___________________________        By:_________________________________
                                      _________________________________
[Seal]

ATTEST:                            UNITED STATIONERS INC.

___________________________        By:_________________________________
                                      _________________________________
[Seal]

ATTEST:                            MICROUNITED INC.

___________________________        By:_________________________________
                                      _________________________________
[Seal]

ATTEST:                            UNITED STATIONERS CANADA LTD.

___________________________        By:_________________________________
                                      _________________________________
[Seal]

ATTEST:                            UNITED STATIONERS HONG KONG LIMITED
                                   (formerly Devine International Limited)

___________________________        By:_________________________________
                                      _________________________________
[Seal]

ATTEST:                            UNITED WORLDWIDE LIMITED

___________________________        By:_________________________________
                                      _________________________________
[Seal]

                                   PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
                                   (formerly Pittsburgh National Bank)
                                   individually and as Agent
<PAGE>

                                   By:_________________________________
                                      Robert Krasnow, Vice President


                                   NATIONSBANK OF NORTH CAROLINA, N.A.

                                   By:_________________________________
                                      Christopher B. Torie,
                                      Senior Vice President


                                   THE NORTHERN TRUST CO.

                                   By:_________________________________
                                      David Blowers, Vice President


                                   BANQUE PARIBAS

                                   By:_________________________________
                                      Peter Toal, Vice President

                                   and

                                   By:_________________________________
                                      Robert E. Howard,
                                      Regional General Manager


                                   WACHOVIA BANK OF GEORGIA, NATIONAL
                                   ASSOCIATION

                                   By:_________________________________
                                      David Gaines, Vice President


                                   FIRST INTERSTATE BANK OF TEXAS, N.A.

                                   By:_________________________________
                                      Steve Wood, Vice President


                                   NBD BANK, N.A.

<PAGE>

                                   By:_________________________________
                                      Arthur S. Littlefield, III
                                      First Vice President

                                   and

                                   By:_________________________________

                                      _________________________________

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1IIB
<SEQUENCE>11
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10(1)(II)(B)
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                 AMENDMENT NO. 2
                                       TO
                                CREDIT AGREEMENT

     THIS AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT ("Amendment No. 2") dated as of
November 30, 1993, by and among UNITED STATIONERS SUPPLY CO., an Illinois
corporation (the "Borrower"), UNITED STATIONERS INC., a Delaware corporation
("USI"), MICROUNITED INC., a Delaware corporation ("MicroUnited"), UNITED
STATIONERS CANADA LTD., a Canadian corporation ("Stationers Canada"), and UNITED
STATIONERS HONG KONG LIMITED, a Hong Kong corporation (formerly Devine
International Limited ) ("USHK"), UNITED WORLDWIDE LIMITED, a Hong Kong
corporation ("UWL") (USI, MicroUnited, Stationers Canada, USHK and UWL shall
sometimes be referred to collectively as the "Guarantors"); and NATIONSBANK OF
NORTH CAROLINA, N.A., NBD BANK, N.A., THE NORTHERN TRUST CO., BANQUE PARIBAS,
WACHOVIA BANK OF GEORGIA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, FIRST INTERSTATE BANK OF TEXAS,
N.A. and PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (formerly Pittsburgh National Bank)
("PNC") (collectively the "Banks"), and PNC as Agent.

                                   WITNESSETH:

     WHEREAS, the Borrower is a party to a Reducing Revolving Credit and Term
Loan Agreement, dated as of June 24, 1992, (as amended by Amendment No. 1 to the
Reducing Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement dated June 30, 1993), among
the Borrower, the Guarantors, the Banks and PNC, as agent (as so amended, the
"Credit Agreement"), pursuant to which the Banks have agreed to


<PAGE>

make competitive bid loans, term loans and revolving credit loans to the
Borrower, all under the terms and conditions set forth therein;

     WHEREAS, the capitalized terms used but not defined
herein and defined in the Credit Agreement shall have the meanings given to them
under the Credit Agreement, as amended hereby;

     WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Guarantors and the Banks
desire to amend the Credit Agreement to do all of the following simultaneously
with the effective date of this Amendment: (i) increase the aggregate revolving
credit commitments of the Banks by $20,000,000 as set forth on Schedule 1.01(R)
to this Amendment No. 2, (ii) extend the expiration date for the Term Loans set
forth in Section 3.04 of the Credit Agreement until September 30, 1995, and
(iii) modify other terms of the Credit Agreement as set forth herein;

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants
contained herein and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto
agree as follows:

     1.   AMENDMENTS.  The parties hereto do hereby modify and amend the Credit
Agreement as follows:

          (a)  By amending the first Whereas Clause as
follows:

     "WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested the Banks to provide a reducing
     revolving credit facility to the Borrower in an aggregate principal amount
     not to exceed $150,000,000 and a term loan to the Borrower in an aggregate
     principal amount not to exceed $30,000,000;
<PAGE>

          (b)  The fourth sentence of Section 2.07(b) is hereby deleted in its
entirety and the following new sentence inserted in lieu thereof:

          The sum of the Competitive Bid Loans and Revolving Credit Loans
          outstanding for each Bank shall not at any time exceed an amount equal
          to the greater of: (i) two (2) times the amount of that Bank's
          Revolving Credit Commitment as of the Closing Date, or (ii) two (2)
          times the actual amount of that Bank's Revolving Credit Commitment.

          (c)  By amending and restating Section 2.08(a) to read as follows:

                    (a)  REVOLVING CREDIT NOTES.  The obligation of the Borrower
          to repay the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Revolving Credit
          Loans made to it by each Bank, together with interest thereon, shall
          be evidenced by a promissory note of the Borrower dated as of December
          1, 1993 in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit 1.01(R)
          payable to the order of each Bank in a face amount equal to the
          Revolving Credit Commitment of such Bank as of December 1, 1993.

          (d)  By amending and restating Section 2.08(b) to read as follows:

                    (b)  COMPETITIVE BID NOTES.  The obligation of the Borrower
          to repay the unpaid principal amount of the Competitive Bid Loans made
          to it by each Bank, together with interest thereon, shall be evidenced
          by a promissory note of the Borrower dated as of December 1, 1993 in
          substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit 1.01(C2) payable to
          the order of each Bank in a face amount equal to two (2) times the
          Revolving Credit Commitment of such Bank as of December 1, 1993.

          (e)  By amending and restating Section 3.04 to read as follows:

               3.04  TERM NOTES.  The obligation of the Borrower to repay the
          unpaid principal amount of the Term Loans made to it by each Bank,
          together with interest thereon, shall be evidenced by a promissory
          note of the Borrower dated November 30,

<PAGE>

          1993 in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit 1.01(T)
          payable to the order of each Bank in a face amount equal to the Term
          Loan Commitment of such Bank.  The principal amount as provided
          therein of the Term Notes shall be payable on the earlier of (i)
          September 30, 1995 to the extent of principal then outstanding; or
          (ii) each date on which USI shall issue additional common stock for
          cash (excluding issuances of common stock under benefit plans) or the
          Loan Parties shall issue Indebtedness pursuant to Section 8.01(m) or
          permitted under Section 8.02(a)(vii), respectively, to the extent of
          the aggregate net proceeds of such common stock or equity.

          (f) The first sentence of Section 5.01 is hereby deleted in its
entirety and the following new sentence inserted in lieu thereof:

          All payments and prepayments to be made in respect of principal and
          interest on Loans and Competitive Bid Loans, Revolving Credit and Term
          Loan Facility Fees, Agent's Fee or other fees or amounts due from the
          Borrower hereunder shall be payable prior to 12:00 Noon Chicago time
          (1:00 p.m. Pittsburgh time) on the date when due without presentment,
          demand, protest or notice of any kind, all of which are hereby
          expressly waived by the Borrower, and without setoff, counterclaim or
          other deduction of any nature, and an action therefor shall
          immediately accrue.

          (g)  By deleting the date "September 30, 1994" from Section 8.01(m)
and inserting in lieu thereof the date "September 30, 1995".

     2.   SCHEDULES AND EXHIBITS.  Schedule 1.01(R) to the Credit Agreement is
hereby deleted and replaced with Schedule 1.01(R) to this Amendment No. 2.
Exhibits 1.01(C2) (Competitive Bid Note), 1.01(R) (Revolving Credit Note) and
1.01(T) (Term Note) to the Credit Agreement are hereby deleted and replaced by
Exhibits  1.01(C2), 1.01(R) and 1.01(T), respectively, to this
Amendment No. 2.


<PAGE>

     3.   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. The Loan Parties each confirm the
representations and warranties made by them to the Banks in Article VI of the
Credit Agreement as of the date hereof (except for representations and
warranties which expressly relate to an earlier date or time, which
representations and warranties shall be true and correct on and as of the
specific dates or times referred to therein), as such representations and
warranties are amended by this Amendment No. 2.

     4.   EFFECT ON LOAN DOCUMENTS. Each of the Guarantors agrees that the Loan
Guaranty and the Competitive Bid Loan Guaranties shall remain in full force and
effect.  Moreover, each of the Guarantors agrees and acknowledges that the
additional Indebtedness incurred by Borrower hereunder is governed by the Loan
Guaranty and the Competitive Bid Loan Guaranties and constitutes Guaranteed
Indebtedness pursuant to Paragraph No. 11 of the Loan Guaranty and the
Competitive Bid Loan Guaranties. The Borrower confirms that each of the other
Loan Documents (except that all of the Competitive Bid Notes, Revolving Credit
Notes and Term Notes in favor of the Banks in effect prior to the date hereof
under the Credit Agreement are hereby canceled and replaced with new Competitive
Bid Notes, Revolving Credit Notes and Term Notes on the effective date hereof),
shall not be affected by this Amendment No. 2 and shall remain in full force and
effect.  Except as expressly modified by this Amendment No. 2, all of the terms,
conditions, representations, warranties and covenants of the Loan Parties under
the Loan Documents shall remain in full force and effect.


<PAGE>

     5.   CONDITIONS TO EFFECTIVENESS. The effectiveness of this Amendment No. 2
is conditioned upon the Borrower's compliance with the following:

          (a)  The Borrower shall have executed and delivered to each of the
     Banks a new Competitive Bid Note, Revolving Credit Note and Term Note in
     the forms attached as Exhibits 1.01(C2), 1.01(R) and 1.01(T) respectively,
     to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby.

          (b)  The Borrower shall deliver to the Agent for the benefit of each
     Bank a certificate dated the date of this Amendment No. 2 signed by a
     Secretary or Assistant Secretary of each Loan Party certifying as to all
     corporate action taken by each of them in connection with this Amendment
     No. 2.

          (c)  The Borrower shall deliver to the Agent for the benefit of each
     Bank a written opinion of in-house counsel for Borrower, USI and
     MicroUnited dated the effective date of this Amendment No. 2 as to the
     matters set forth in Exhibit "A".

          (d)  The Borrower shall deliver to the Agent for the benefit of the
     Banks a certificate dated the date hereof and signed by the Chief Executive
     Officer, certifying as of the date hereof, as to those matters set forth in
     Section 7.01(a) of the Credit Agreement.

     6.   RETURN OF ORIGINAL NOTES.  Promptly after the effective date hereof,
the Banks agree to return to Agent the original Competitive Bid Notes, Revolving
Credit Notes and Term Notes dated June 24, 1992 in favor of the Banks in effect
prior to the date hereof under the Credit Agreement for cancellation.

     7.   COUNTERPARTS. This Amendment No. 2 may be executed by different
parties hereto in any number of separate counterparts, each of which, when so
executed and delivered shall be an original and all of such counterparts shall
together constitute one and the same instrument.  The reproduction of signatures
by means of a telecopying device shall be treated as


<PAGE>

though such reproductions are executed originals and each party hereto covenants
and agrees to provide the other parties with a copy of this Amendment No. 2
bearing original signatures within five days following transmittal by facsimile.

          8.   REIMBURSEMENT. The Borrower unconditionally agrees
to pay or reimburse the Agent and the Banks, as the case may be, and save the
Agent and each Bank harmless against liability for the payment of all reasonable
out-of-pocket costs, expenses and disbursements, including but not limited to,
reasonable fees and expenses of counsel, incurred (a) by the Agent in connection
with the development, preparation, printing, execution, administration,
interpretation and performance of this Amendment No. 2 and the other Loan
Documents and (b) with respect to all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages,
penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any
kind or nature whatsoever which may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted
against the Agent or any Bank in any way relating to or arising out of this
Amendment No. 2 or any other Loan Documents or in any action taken or omitted by
the Agent or any Bank hereunder or thereunder, provided that the Borrower shall
not be liable for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages,
penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses if the same results from
the Agent's or such Bank's gross negligence or willful misconduct.

          9.   ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Amendment No. 2 and the schedules and
exhibits hereto set forth the entire agreement and understanding of the parties
with respect to the transactions


<PAGE>

contemplated hereby and supersede all prior understandings and agreements,
whether written or oral, among the parties hereto and thereto relating to the
subject matter hereof.  No representation, promise, inducement or statement of
intention has been made by any party which is not embodied in this Amendment No.
2, and no party shall be bound by or liable for any alleged representations,
promise, inducement or statement of intention not set forth herein.

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, by their officers thereunto
duly authorized, have executed this Amendment No. 2 as of the day and year first
above written.

ATTEST:                            UNITED STATIONERS SUPPLY CO.

_______________________________    By:_____________________________________
                                      ______________________________________
[Seal]


ATTEST:                            UNITED STATIONERS INC.

_______________________________    By:_____________________________________
                                      ______________________________________
[Seal]


ATTEST:                            MICROUNITED INC.

_______________________________    By:_____________________________________
                                      ______________________________________
[Seal]


ATTEST:                            UNITED STATIONERS CANADA LTD.

_______________________________    By:_____________________________________



<PAGE>


                                      ______________________________________
[Seal]


ATTEST:                            UNITED STATIONERS HONG KONG LIMITED
                                   (formerly Devine International
                                   Limited)

_______________________________    By:_____________________________________
                                      ______________________________________
[Seal]


ATTEST:                            UNITED WORLDWIDE LIMITED

_______________________________    By:_____________________________________
                                      ______________________________________
[Seal]


                                   PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
                                   (formerly Pittsburgh National Bank)
                                   individually and as Agent

                                   By:_____________________________________
                                      ______________________________________


                                   NATIONSBANK OF NORTH CAROLINA, N.A.

                                   By:_____________________________________
                                      ______________________________________


                                   THE NORTHERN TRUST CO.

                                   By:_____________________________________
                                      ______________________________________


                                   BANQUE PARIBAS

                                   By:_____________________________________
                                      ______________________________________



<PAGE>

                                   and

                                   By:_____________________________________
                                      ______________________________________


                                   WACHOVIA BANK OF GEORGIA, NATIONAL
                                   ASSOCIATION

                                   By:_____________________________________
                                      ______________________________________


                                   FIRST INTERSTATE BANK OF TEXAS, N.A.

                                   By:_____________________________________
                                      ______________________________________


                                   NBD BANK, N.A.

                                   By:_____________________________________
                                      ______________________________________


                                   and

                                   By:_____________________________________
                                      ______________________________________


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.(1)(II)C
<SEQUENCE>12
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10(1)(II)(C)
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                 AMENDMENT NO. 3
                                       TO
                                CREDIT AGREEMENT

     THIS AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT ("Amendment No. 3") dated as of
August 31, 1994, by and among UNITED STATIONERS SUPPLY CO., an Illinois
corporation (the "Borrower"), UNITED STATIONERS INC., a Delaware corporation
("USI"), and UNITED STATIONERS HONG KONG LIMITED, a Hong Kong corporation
(formerly Devine International Limited) ("USHK"), UNITED WORLDWIDE LIMITED, a
Hong Kong corporation ("UWL") (USI, USHK and UWL shall sometimes be referred to
collectively as the "Guarantors"); and NATIONSBANK OF NORTH CAROLINA, N.A., NBD
BANK, N.A., THE NORTHERN TRUST CO., BANQUE PARIBAS, WACHOVIA BANK OF GEORGIA,
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, FIRST INTERSTATE BANK OF TEXAS, N.A. and PNC BANK,
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (formerly Pittsburgh National Bank) ("PNC") (collectively
the "Banks"), and PNC as agent for the Banks (the "Agent").

                                   WITNESSETH:
          WHEREAS, the Borrower is a party to a Reducing Revolving Credit and
Term Loan Agreement, dated as of June 24, 1992 (as amended by Amendment No. 1 to
Credit Agreement dated as of June 30, 1993 and Amendment No. 2 to Credit
Agreement dated as of November 30, 1993), among the Borrower, the Guarantors set
forth therein, the Banks and the Agent (as so amended, the "Credit Agreement"),
pursuant to which the Banks have agreed to make competitive bid loans, term
loans and revolving credit loans to the Borrower, all under the terms and
conditions set forth therein;

          WHEREAS, the capitalized terms used but not defined herein and defined
in the Credit Agreement shall have the meanings given to them under the Credit
Agreement, as amended hereby; and

          WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Guarantors and the Banks desire to amend
the Credit Agreement to accomplish the following: (i) to revise the definition
of Consolidated Fixed Charges to exclude from such definition scheduled
mandatory reductions in the Revolving Credit Commitments for the period May 31,
1994 through February 28, 1995, (ii) to consent to the liquidation of Stationers
Canada and waive any default under Section 8.02(e) resulting therefrom, (iii) to
acknowledge the merger of MicroUnited into the Borrower which is permitted under
the Credit Agreement, and (v) to permit the Borrower to spend not more than
$12,000,000 to repurchase outstanding shares of capital stock of the Borrower
and to hold such shares as treasury stock.

          NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants
contained herein and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto
agree as follows:

          1.   Amendments.  The parties hereto do hereby modify and amend the
Credit Agreement as follows:
               (a)  By amending and restating the definition of Consolidated
Fixed Charges in Section 1.01 (page 7) to read as

<PAGE>

follows:
          Consolidated Fixed Charges shall mean for any period of determination,
          and without duplication, the sum of Consolidated Interest Expense,
          scheduled principal installments (or voluntary prepayments to the
          extent they reduce scheduled principal installments) on Indebtedness
          (excluding payments on the Loans and the Competitive Bid Loans),
          scheduled mandatory reductions in the Revolving Credit Commitments
          (excluding such scheduled mandatory reductions for the period May 31,
          1994 through February 28, 1995), operating lease rental expense and
          imputed principal payments on capitalized leases, in each case of the
          Loan Parties for such period determined and consolidated in accordance
          with GAAP.

          (b)  By amending and restating the definition of Guarantors in Section
1.01 (page 10) to read as follows:
          Guarantors shall mean collectively USI, USHK and UWL, and Guarantor
          shall mean individually USI, USHK or UWL.

          (c)  By amending and restating the definition of Loan Parties in
Section 1.01 (page 13) to read as follows:
          Loan Parties shall mean the Borrower, USI, USHK and UWL.

          (d)  By amending Section 6.01(b)(ii) and (iii) (Capitalization and
Ownership, page 43) by deleting such clauses in their entirety and inserting in
lieu thereof the following:
          (ii)  Intentionally Deleted.
          (iii)  Intentionally Deleted.
          (e)  By amending and restating Section 6.01(c) (Subsidiaries, page 43)
to read as follows:
          (c)  Subsidiaries.  USI has no active Subsidiaries except for the
          Borrower.  The Borrower has no Subsidiaries except for USHK and UWL.
          USI has good and marketable title to its shares of the Borrower free
          and clear of any Lien and all such shares have been validly issued and
          are fully paid and nonassessable.  The Borrower has good and
          marketable title to its shares of USHK and UWL (collectively, the
          "Subsidiary Shares"), free and clear in each case of any Lien.  All
          Subsidiary Shares have been validly issued and are fully paid and
          nonassessable.  There are no options, warrants or other rights
          outstanding to purchase any shares of USI in the Borrower or the
          Subsidiary Shares.


<PAGE>

          (f)  By amending and restating Section 8.01(l) (Ownership of
Subsidiaries, page 59) to read as follows:
          (l)  Ownership of Subsidiaries.  USI shall own all the issued and
          outstanding capital stock of the Borrower, and the Borrower shall own
          the majority of all the issued and outstanding shares of USHK and UWL,
          except that, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Loan Parties may merge
          or consolidate with one another as permitted under Section 8.02(e)
          (ii).

          (g)  By amending Section 8.02(d) (Dividends and Related Distributions,
page 61) to delete the "." at the end of such Section and insert in lieu thereof
the following:

          and (iv) not more than $12,000,000 to repurchase outstanding shares of
          capital stock of the Borrower to be held by the Borrower as treasury
          stock.

          2.   Consent and Waiver Regarding Stationers Canada. The Banks hereby
consent to the liquidation of Stationers Canada and waive any default resulting
from such liquidation under Section 8.02(e) of the Credit Agreement.  The
Borrower hereby represents and warrants to the Agent and the Banks that (a) the
liquidation of Stationers Canada does not and will not result in the default of
any Section of the Loan Documents other than Section 8.02(e), (b) Stationers
Canada is not a Material Subsidiary, (c) except as previously disclosed to the
Agent and the Banks, neither the Borrower nor any other Loan Party has
guaranteed any Indebtedness of Stationers Canada or has an Intercompany Loan
outstanding in favor of Stationers Canada, and
(d) after the complete winding up of Stationers Canada, all creditors of
Stationers Canada other than the Borrower shall be paid in full.

          3.   Waiver Regarding Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio. The Banks hereby
waive any default of Section 8.02(o) (Minimum Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio) for
the quarter ending May 31, 1994.

          4.   Representations and Warranties.  The Loan Parties each confirm
the representations and warranties made by them to the Banks in Article VI of
the Credit Agreement as of the date hereof (except for representations and
warranties which expressly relate to an earlier date or time, which
representations and warranties shall be true and correct on and as of the
specific dates or times referred to therein), as such representations and
warranties are amended by this Amendment No. 3.

          5.   Effect on Loan Documents.  Each of the Guarantors agrees that the
Loan Guaranty and the Competitive Bid Loan Guaranties shall remain in full force
and effect.  Except as expressly modified by this Amendment No. 3, all of the
terms conditions, representations, warranties and covenants of the Loan Parties
under the Loan Documents shall remain in full force and effect.


<PAGE>

          6.   Conditions to Effectiveness.  The effectiveness of this Amendment
No. 3 is conditioned upon the Borrower's compliance with the following:
               (a)  The Borrower shall deliver to the Agent for the benefit of
          each Bank a certificate dated a date satisfactory to the Agent signed
          by a Secretary or Assistant Secretary of each Loan Party certifying as
          to all corporate action taken by each of them in connection with this
          Amendment No. 3.

               (b)  The Borrower shall deliver to the Agent for the benefit of
          each Bank a written opinion of inhouse counsel for Borrower and USI
          dated a date satisfactory to the Agent as to such matters as the Agent
          and the Banks shall request.

               (c)  The Borrower shall deliver to the Agent for the benefit of
          the Banks a certificate signed by the Chief Executive Officer,
          President or Chief Financial Officer, dated a date satisfactory to the
          Agent, certifying as to those matters set forth in Section 7.01(a) of
          the Credit Agreement.

               (d)  The Borrower shall deliver to the Agent for the benefit of
          the Banks evidence satisfactory to the Agent and the Banks of the
          liquidation of Stationers Canada.

          7.   Additional Undertaking.  Promptly upon its availability and in
any event no later than December 31, 1994, the Borrower shall provide the Agent
and the Banks with a statement of final accounting and winding up of Stationers
Canada.

          8.   Counterparts.  This Amendment No. 3 may be executed by different
parties hereto in any number of separate counterparts, each of which, when so
executed and delivered shall be an original and all of such counterparts shall
together constitute one and the same instrument.  The reproduction of signatures
by means of a telecopying device shall be treated as though such reproductions
are executed originals and each party hereto covenants and agrees to provide the
other parties with a copy of this Amendment No. 3 bearing original signatures
within five days following transmittal by facsimile.

          9.   Reimbursement.  The Borrower unconditionally agrees to pay or
reimburse the Agent and the Banks, as the case may be, and save the Agent and
each Bank harmless against liability for the payment of all reasonable out-of-
pocket costs, expenses and disbursements, including but not limited to,
reasonable fees and expenses of counsel, incurred (a) by the Agent in connection
with the development, preparation, printing, execution, administration,
interpretation and performance of this Amendment No. 3 and the other Loan
Documents and (b) with respect to all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages,
penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of


<PAGE>

any kind or nature whatsoever which may be imposed upon, incurred by or asserted
against the Agent or any Bank in any way relating to or arising out of this
Amendment No. 3 or any other Loan Documents or in any action taken or omitted by
the Agent or any Bank hereunder or thereunder, provided that the Borrower shall
not be liable for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages,
penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses if the same results from
the Agent's or such Bank's gross negligence or willful misconduct.

          10.  Entire Agreement.   This Amendment No. 3 and the schedules and
exhibits hereto set forth the entire agreement and understanding of the parties
with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby and supersede all prior
understandings and agreements, whether written or oral, among the parties hereto
and thereto relating to the subject matter hereof.  No representation, promise,
inducement or statement of intention has been made by any party which is not
embodied in this Amendment No. 3, and no party shall be bound by or liable for
any alleged representation, promise, inducement or statement of intention not
set forth herein.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, by their officers thereunto duly
authorized, have executed this Amendment No. 3 as of the day and year first
above written.

ATTEST:                            UNITED STATIONERS SUPPLY CO.

________________________________   By:________________________________________
                                      ________________________________________
[SEAL]


ATTEST:                            UNITED STATIONERS INC.

________________________________   By:________________________________________
                                      ________________________________________
[SEAL]

ATTEST:                            UNITED STATIONERS HONG KONG
                                   LIMITED (formerly Devine International
                                   Limited)


________________________________   By:________________________________________
                                      ________________________________________
[SEAL]

ATTEST:                            UNITED WORLDWIDE LIMITED


________________________________   By:________________________________________
                                      ________________________________________
[SEAL]


                                   PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
                                   (formerly Pittsburgh National


<PAGE>

                                   Bank) individually and as Agent

                                   By:_______________________________________
                                      _______________________________________

                                   NATIONSBANK OF NORTH CAROLINA,
                                   N.A.

                                   By:_______________________________________
                                      _______________________________________


                                   THE NORTHERN TRUST CO.

                                   By:_______________________________________
                                      _______________________________________


                                   BANQUE PARIBAS

                                   By:_______________________________________
                                      _______________________________________


                                   and

                                   By:_______________________________________
                                      _______________________________________


                                   WACHOVIA BANK OF GEORGIA,
                                   NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

                                   By:_______________________________________
                                      _______________________________________


                                   FIRST INTERSTATE BANK OF TEXAS, N.A.

                                   By:_______________________________________
                                      _______________________________________


                                   NBD BANK, N.A.

                                   By:_______________________________________
                                      _______________________________________


                                   and

                                   By:_______________________________________
                                      _______________________________________



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.N
<SEQUENCE>13
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10(N)
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

White Storage & Retrieval Systems, Inc.
Systems Division
4104 Sorrento Valley Boulevard
San Diego, CA  92121
(619)457-2320







                                UNITED STATIONERS

                              DES PLAINES, ILLINOIS




                                QUOTATION NO. 929
                                   REVISION B

                                NOVEMBER 25, 1992






                        Copyright-C- 1992 by WS&RS, Inc.
<PAGE>

PROPRIETARY STATEMENT

     This document contains information that is proprietary to White Storage &
     Retrieval Systems hereafter referred to as White, and the customer
     identified herein, hereafter referred to as United Stationers.
     Reproduction and distribution of this document is restricted for United
     Stationers exclusive use.

<PAGE>

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS


SUBJECT                                                                     PAGE
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1.   GENERAL SYSTEM OVERVIEW . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   1

2.   SYSTEM SPECIFICATIONS - MECHANICAL. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   5

3.   SUMMARY COMPUTER BILL OF MATERIAL . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   6

4.   SYSTEM IMPLEMENTATION . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  14

5.   OPERATOR/MAINTENANCE TRAINING . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  14

6.   PROJECT SCHEDULE. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  15

7.   HARDWARE MAINTENANCE AUDIT (Carousels & Conveyor) - Optional. . . . . .  15

8.   MAXIMUM TELEPHONE SOFTWARE SUPPORT - Optional . . . . . . . . . . . . .  18

9.   SYSTEM INVESTMENT PER SPECIFICATION . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  19

10.  PAYMENT TERMS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  22


Appendix  I       Terms & Conditions
Appendix  II      Project Schedule
Appendix  III     MMS-DOP Functional Specification
Appendix  IV      System Plan View Layout
Appendix  V       Sequence of Operation
<PAGE>

1.        GENERAL SYSTEM OVERVIEW


CURRENT SYSTEM OPERATION
The Edison, New Jersey facility of United Stationers is currently using paper
pick lists and standard cart pick methods to fulfill customer orders.  Customer
orders are received and processed by United's host computer system; these orders
are processed per product storage locations then printed out onto hard copy pick
tickets.  Pick Operators will select a batch of these pick tickets and set up
the corresponding pick/shipping cartons on Taylor-Dunn electric carts; a picker
then takes this cart and travels through both flowrack and conventional small
bin shelving areas to pick these orders.  Once this batch of orders is
completed, the picker and cart return to base, drop these orders off at the
packing area, and reload with another batch of orders to be picked.  Currently,
approximately seventy percent of an order filler's time is spent traveling
between picks using this method.

PROPOSED SYSTEM OPERATION
The White Automated Storage & Retrieval system design for the United Stationers,
Edison NJ facility is a paperless, automated carousel and carton delivery system
similar to the system White installed in the United Stationers City of Industry
facility.  Utilizing sophisticated computer controls and informational displays
along with intelligently coordinated material handling equipment, White is
proposing an INTEGRATED material handling system design to handle very high
speed customer order filling requirements along with a quality replenishment
process.  The order processing still begins with customer order entry into
United's host computer where these orders are processed per product storage
locations.  The difference here is that all picks for goods that are stored
within White's carousel system will be processed into White's MMS-DOP system.
At this point, rather than the usual printing of paper pick tickets, the
automated carousel system will coordinate carousel movement with LIGHTREE and
TOTEBAR displays to bring the appropriate stock to the operator for order
picking.  Along with the carousel and display activity, the conveyor system has
coordinated the processing and delivery of pick/ship cartons so they are
delivered to these pick stations in sequence with the orders as they are being
picked.  With this level of integration and coordination of equipment and
controls, the need for operator traveling and manual carton has virtually been
eliminated.

The benefits of White's proposed automated carousel system are to help United
Stationers achieve:

     -    Greater worker productivity;
     -    Increased sales capacity due to increased order processing capacity;
     -    Increased inventory accuracy;
     -    Maximum facility utilization and performance

To achieve these goals White proposes to employ its own carousels, LIGHTREEs,
TOTEBARs and MMS-DOP inventory/system control software, along with a state of
the art conveyorized tote mover system.  Having worked close with United
Stationers' facilities engineering and DC operations people, we have jointly
developed a system configuration to provide storage for up to 40,000 SKUs and a
potential 57,000 cubic feet of storage volume.  This system will be capable of
supporting:  (17) pick operator stations; (1) mark-Out station; (40) order
packing stations; and several supervisor stations.  System configuration will be
such that there will be no requirement for operator walking; each of the
operator's stations will be set up to support their specific work
<PAGE>

activities within a few steps reach.  The system software, controls and
mechanization will move inventory and in-process orders from one workstation to
the next; operator handling of the cartons has been reduced to almost nothing.

SYSTEM HARDWARE ARCHITECTURE
This system is made up of two key mechanical elements; the carousel storage area
and the tote mover conveyor system.

The carousel storage area of this system is designed to consist of as many as
(17) operator pick pods, each pod consisting of:

     -    (4) White Industrial Twin Bin carousels;
     -    (4) "Pick-to-Light" LIGHTREEs;
     -    (1) "Sort-to-Light" TOTEBAR;
     -    (1) Order Carton Pick Matrix

The tote mover conveyor system is designed to handle carton delivery to and
takeaway from each of the following system work centers:

- - -    The sorter system consists of an infeed spur, a work spur called
     "Mark-Out", 14 pod divert points, seven (7) reintroduction points,
      and a 360 degree return loop.

- - -    The packing system receives completed orders from the sort pick system and
     consists of an infeed accumulator and a 20-station sorter with 40-packing
     stations.

- - -    The empty #58 carton system consists of the packing station return lines,
     the carton erector infeed, the workstation backup carton supply and a
     system reinduction.

- - -    The empty #20 carton system consists of a carton erector takeaway, an
     overhead accumulator, and a packing station accumulator for cartons that
     are too small to be used for the pick process but are larger than the jiffy
     packs.  This system will support the use of these packages so that freight
     and packing costs can be kept to a minimum.

- - -    The shipping system handles closed #58 and #20 cartons and consists of a
     carton takeaway conveyor that feeds an existing conveyor system at the
     mezzanine's edge.
<PAGE>

- - -    Above this is the jiffy bag system which is a takeaway conveyor from the
     packing stations which runs to a hopper where the jiffy bags are
     accumulated.

SYSTEM OPERATION

The overall system may operate in the following modes:

     -    Order Processing System Mode
     -    Receipts/Replenishment System Mode
     -    Cycle Counting Mode
     -    Hot Pick Order Processing Mode

Cycle counting may be performed while in either system mode.  Hot Pick Order
processing may be done during the receipts/replenishment cycle to facilitate
priority order shipments.

Picking and receipts/replenishment functions are supported by the sorter system.
The control system meters containers from the box prep staging area or inbound
replenishment area to the carousel pick PODs.  When the pick POD input buffer is
filled to capacity, the system automatically locks out further physical box
entries into the carousel system.  As a box leaves the pick system to packing,
or markout, another incoming order box is routed to the appropriate pick POD.

In the Receipts/Replenishment mode, inbound vendor packs are dispersed to a pick
POD and stored in fixed locations based on storage velocity and cell size
criteria, as assigned by the host.

The proposed system can be divided into discrete areas of functionality
including:

     Application Software (MMS-DOP)
     Transportation Software (PLC-AP, Conveyor PLC)
     Equipment Controls

The MMS-DOP (Material Management Systems-Dynamic Order Processor) application
software includes the ability to accept electronic downloads of information from
the customer host computer.  Information will include Customer, Location, and
Quantity data.  The customer may send down one (1) or more wave files per day
The timing is a host function.  MMS-DOP also allows special processing such as
Date and Order Priority to help manage the workflow. This software will break
down and organize the work orders into route lists on a pod-by-pod basis.

The PLC-AP and Conveyor PLC software manages the movement of totes, order
cartons, and vendor pack through the system. It is a subsystem of MMS-DOP which
integrates both PC and
<PAGE>

PLC-based software.  This system is responsible for overall control of conveyor,
bar code equipment, phototeye equipment and motors.

Low level conveyor control will be managed by an industrial computer or
Programmable Logic Controller (PLC).  The PLC system will physically manage
photoeyes, solenoids, limit switches, motor starters, etc.  This machine in turn
will be directed by a barcode tracking system computer called the PLC-
Applications Processor (PLC-AP). The PLC-AP computer will coordinate the route
list requirements from MMS-DOP and provide routing directives to the PLC.
Distributed throughout the conveyor system will be fixed barcode scanners
reading the cartons within the system.  All of these scanners will report to the
PLC-AP computer.  As the computer is tracking these barcodes, it will be
advising the PLC which cartons should be diverted and where they should divert
to.  The PLC-AP also maintains a parameter for the number of shipping cartons to
be metered into the picking and packing area.  Boxes are only released into the
conveyor system when space is made available by a carton exiting to either the
packing or markout area.

A label applicator will be used to automatically apply a bar coded label to pick
cartons.  These boxes are automatically inducted on to the conveyor system and
are tracked to the appropriate workstations needed to fill the customer orders.
Multiple order cartons will be used for filling orders which are sufficiently
large.  The PLC-AP maintains a route list for each shipping container and fills
the workstation picking matrix and buffer line with eligible shipping boxes.
The PLC is responsible for all physical movement of material within the system.
Scanners are placed at each inbound workcenter line to verify the order
information and proper carton sequences as cartons move from pick POD to pick
POD.  Any anomalies will be logged and the carton(s) sent to the markout
processing area for disposition.
<PAGE>

2.   SYSTEM SPECIFICATIONS - MECHANICAL

     Item 1 - Bottom Drive Carousels
     -    Fourteen (14) Pods, White Bottom Drive carousels consisting of:

          a.   26 each Model XB52
               26 each Model XB60
                4 each Model XB44
          b.   Eight (8) shelves/face 25" wide x 18" deep (75 lb capacity)
          c.   3" shelf spacing for flexibility and cube utilization
          d.   2 - DC drive motors per carousel (2 hp/each)
          e.   Wire bins
          f.   CIC (Cell Interface Controller)
          g.   680 Motor Controller per carousel
          j.   Speed 60 fpm
          k.   Overall Width per machine 6'10"
          l.   Overall Height 113"
          m.   Vertical Safety Photoeye System

     ITEM 2 - SORTBAR DISPLAY

     -    Fourteen (14) each Horizontal Sortbar.  (10 displays per unit)

     The Horizontal Sortbar will be positioned at the work center on the queuing
     conveyor and display the quantity to place in each of up to 10 individual
     totes.

     ITEM 3 - LIGHTREE DISPLAY

     -    Fifty-six (56) each Vertical LIGHTREES.  (8 displays per unit -maximum
          64 displays)

     The LIGHTREE displays will be positioned on the work center servicing two
     or more carousels per unit and display total quantity to pick in each of up
     to 8 levels.

     ITEM 4 - AUTOMATED CONVEYOR SYSTEM

     -    Complete inbound, queuing, recirculation, and outbound (to packing)
          system. This system will include laser scanners, high speed diverts,
          queuing sections, PLC controls.
<PAGE>

3.   SUMMARY COMPUTER BILL OF MATERIAL

     Following is the Computer Bill of Material for the Material Management
     System, Inventory Cube and Order manager version, (MMS-DOP) software.  MMS-
     DOP is a full stockroom control system.  The Bill of Material may vary with
     the progression of time.

     The proposed duplex disk provides mirrored disk drives and dual disk
     adapters.  The benefit is failsafe database operation in the event of a
     disk drive failure.  The system is restarted with a single disk drive until
     the second disk drive is installed.  Novell netware regeneration is not
     required with the duplex disk.

     This hardware configuration also includes an unattended communications
     computer to be utilized by the Host system to deliver download data files
     to the MMS-DOP File Server.  With this design, timer events on a separate
     MMS-DOP Communications PC triggers subsequent downloads without supervisor
     intervention.

     Included are the processor, peripheral, and software integration.  White
     and off-the-shelf software are installed on fixed disk formatted for
     applications processing.  Novell integration includes NetWare-R-
     generation.  Integrated systems are shipped to the customer site.

     The proposed software, computer, and peripheral components are procured,
     generated as a working system, tested, delivered, and setup by White.  The
     following briefly describes what services are provided by White and what
     services are supplied by the customer.

     Host communications software and hardware are jointly defined by the
     customer and White.  White procures and installs the off the shelf software
     and hardware for the personal computer.  White supplies the software
     transferring control to the communications software.  The customer is
     responsible for the actual communication between the gateway personal
     computer and the host computer.  White agrees to early delivery of the
     personal computer containing the communications software if the schedule
     permits.

     Installation includes delivery and setup of the proposed processors and
     peripherals at the customer site.  THE TOKEN RING NETWORK CABLING WILL BE
     PERFORMED BY A PROFESSIONAL NETWORK CABLING VENDOR.
<PAGE>

     The IBM PS/2 Model 95 is used for the database server. The IBM PS/2 Model
     57 is provided for the other stations.

     MMS-DOP software is part of the overall integrated system including:
     .    Material handling equipment
     .    Customer's host computers
     .    MMS-DOP software
     .    White supplied IBM PS/2 computers and software

     White prefers to purchase the computers and third party software for
     integration.  Should the customer supply the IBM PS/2 computers they must
     be shipped to San Diego for software and Novell integration.  White charges
     integration fees of $1,500 for the dedicated server computer, $750.00 per
     work station computer, $150.00 for each ancillary device, and in/out
     shipping charges.  Non IBM PS/2 computers (clones) are subject to
     additional charges.

     All computer equipment and third party software warranties are passed
     through to the customer from White.  No warranty from White is proposed or
     implied.  White recommends the customer obtain an on site service agreement
     from the local IBM Service Manager to complement the pass through carry
     through warranty.  Three and five year extended on-site parts and labor
     service contracts are available from IBM.
<PAGE>

PERIPHERAL CONFIGURATION


- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Peripheral Location        CRT    Disk   Tape    BC    Laser    Rpt    Log
                                     (D/B)   B/U    Scan   Print   Print  Print
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dedicated Server                 1       2
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Replacement Server               1       2
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
System Supervisor                1                                           1
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
System Support                   1             1
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
System Download                  1
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Online Communications            2
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Manual Induction                 1                     1
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Packing Station                 40                    40      40
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Automated Workcell Station      14                    14
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Markout Station                  1                     1                     1
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Shipping Inquiry Station         1                                    1
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Replacement PS/2                 1                     1       1             1
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PLC Interface Station            1
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Peripherals               66       4     1      57      41      1      3
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<PAGE>

COMPUTER BILL OF MATERIAL

- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ITEM   PART NUMBER       DESCRIPTION OF PART NUMBER

- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
A                        Dedicated Network Server
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       85950MF           PS/2 Model 95 486/50
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                   400MB Disk Drive SCSI
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                   16MB RAM
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       6451109           Microchannel Disk Adapter # 2
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       34F0035           SCSI  Cable to Disk Drive
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       6451235           PS/2 SCSI Disk Drive, 400MB
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       8504001           IBM Monochrome Monitor
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       53F5500           IBM Control Access Unit                      (By U.S.)
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       53F5501           IBM Lobe Attach Module                       (By U.S.)
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       74F4140           IBM Busmaster Adapter/A
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       85F0796           IBM Novell Netware version 3.11 100 user license
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       DAC               Dataflex 2.3 Run Time License
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       White             Installation & Generation Sundries
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       92F2692           IBM DOS  5.0 Additional License
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       ME115KV           Best Model 1.15KVa (800 watts)
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
B                        System Supervisor Workstation
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       855725X           PS/2 Model 57 386SLC Remote ROM Token Ring
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       8512001           IBM VGA Monitor 14"
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       92F6425           IBM DOS 5.0 Additional License
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       2381001           IBM Personal Printer II Wide Carriage
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ITEM   PART NUMBER       DESCRIPTION OF PART NUMBER

- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
C                        Online Communications
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       855725X           PS/2 Model 57 386SLC Remote ROM Token Ring
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       8504001           Monochrome Monitor 14"
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       XComm-PC          XComm PC APPC Software
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       CrossCom          Bridge to T1 Network
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       92F2692           IBM DOS  5.0 Additional License
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
D                        Manual Induction Station

- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       855725X           PS/2 Model 57 386SLC Remote ROM Token Ring
<PAGE>

- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       8512001           VGA Monitor 14"
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       1545/9710         Intermec VLD Scanner, Wedge Reader
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       92F2692           IBM DOS  5.0 Additional License
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
E                        Packing Station
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       855725X           PS/2 Model 57 386SLC Remote ROM Token Ring
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       8512001           VGA Monitor 14"
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       4019-E01          IBM Laser Printer (5PPM)
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       92F2692           IBM DOS  5.0 Additional License
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
F                        Automated Workcell Station
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       855725X           PS/2 Model 57 386SLC Remote ROM Token Ring
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       8512001           VGA Monitor 14"
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       1545/9710         Intermec VLD Scanner, Wedge Reader
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       92F2692           IBM DOS 5.0 Additional License
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       White             Cable from PS/2 to Control
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ITEM   PART NUMBER       DESCRIPTION OF PART NUMBER

- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
G                        PLC Interface
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       855725X           PS/2 Model 57 386SLC Remote ROM Token Ring
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       8504001           IBM Monochrome Monitor
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       AB1784 KT2        Allen-Bradley PLC Comm Module
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       92F2692           IBM DOS  5.0 Additional License
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
H                        Markout Station
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       855725X           PS/2 Model 57 386SLC Remote ROM Token Ring
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       8512001           VGA Monitor 14"
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       2381001           IBM Personal Printer II Wide Carriage
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       1545/9570         Intermec VLD Scanner, Wedge Reader
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       92F2692           IBM DOS  5.0 Additional License
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I                        System Download
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       855725X           PS/2 Model 57 386SLC Remote ROM Token Ring
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       8504001           Monochrome Monitor 14"
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       92F2692           IBM DOS  5.0 Additional License
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
J                        Replacement PS/2 & Peripherals
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       855725X           PS/2 Model 57 386SLC Remote ROM Token Ring
<PAGE>

- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       8512001           VGA Monitor 14"
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       4019-E01          IBM Laser Printer 5PPM
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       1545/9570         Intermec VLD Scanner, Wedge Reader
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       92F2692           IBM DOS  5.0 Additional License
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ITEM   PART NUMBER       DESCRIPTION OF PART NUMBER

- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
K                        Replacement Network Server
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       85950MF           PS/2 Model 95 486/50
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                   400MB Disk Drive SCSI
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                   16MB RAM
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       6451109           Microchannel Disk Adapter # 2
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       34F0035           SCSI  Cable to Disk Drive
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       6451235           PS/2 SCSI Disk Drive, 400MB
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       8504001           IBM Monochrome Monitor
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       53F5500           IBM Control Access Unit
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       53F5501           IBM Lobe Attach Module
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       74F4140           IBM Busmaster Adapter/A
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       85F0796           IBM Novell Netware version 3.11 100 user license
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       DAC               Dataflex 2.3 Run Time License
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       White             Installation & Generation Sundries
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       92F2692           IBM DOS  5.0 Additional License
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       ME115KV           Best Model 1.15KVa (800 watts)
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
L                        Shipping Inquiry Station
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       855725X           PS/2 Model 57 386SLC Remote ROM Token Ring
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       8512001           VGA Monitor 14"
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       2381001           IBM Personal Printer II Wide Carriage
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       92F2692           IBM DOS  5.0 Additional License
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ITEM   PART NUMBER       DESCRIPTION OF PART NUMBER

- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
M                        System Support Station
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       855725X           PS/2 Model 57 386SLC Remote ROM Token Ring
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       8512001           IBM VGA Monitor 14"
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       92F6425           IBM DOS 5.0 Additional License
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       6451121           2.3GByte SCSI Tape Drive
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       0800830           Hayes Ultra Modem 9600 V.32
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       Microcom          Carbon Copy Plus Remote User
<PAGE>


- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       2381001           IBM Personal Printer II Wide Carriage
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<PAGE>

4.   SYSTEM IMPLEMENTATION

     PROJECT MANAGEMENT
     Upon approval of this quotation and Design Specification, White's Project
     Leader will coordinate activities with White, United Stationers and all
     third parties as required, conduct progress reviews and maintain contact
     with the customer Project Manager.

     INSTALLATION
     White will have an installation supervisor and crew whose size and
     personnel will vary as the installation progresses.  The work schedule will
     be defined and an installation plan mutually established which will meet
     the project schedule specifications.  White will supply all the necessary
     hand tools and materials to perform installation. Installation will be
     performed by non-union labor.  Receiving, unloading, and transporting the
     material to the work site are not included in this quotation.

5.   OPERATOR/MAINTENANCE TRAINING

     MECHANICAL TRAINING
     White will conduct a training session to provide user orientation for
     operation of the hardware and controls.  This session will describe proper
     operation, daily care, and periodic maintenance. White will also supply
     documentation as it pertains to the mechanical, electrical, and controls of
     the system.  White will supply an outline of this training.

     SOFTWARE TRAINING
     White will provide four (4) days of on site hands-on training for the
     mutually acceptable personnel.  Topics to be covered include:
     .    System Start-up
     .    Supervisory Operations
     .    Carousel Workcell Operations
     .    Packing Station Operations
     .    Markout Station Operations
     .    System Backup and Restore
     .    Remote Support
     .    Computer Equipment
<PAGE>

6.   PROJECT SCHEDULE

     Project schedule per Appendix 2.

7.   HARDWARE MAINTENANCE AUDIT (CAROUSELS & CONVEYOR) - OPTIONAL

     It is United Stationers' intent to perform its own preventative maintenance
     and service labor, after training by White and gaining familiarity with the
     system.

     Therefore, White recommends the following audit procedure:

     An audit will be performed by White's Systems Engineering representative,
     White's regional Field Service Technician and United Stationers'
     maintenance personnel.

     Expenses that are incurred during these audits will be billed to United
     Stationers at cost plus 15% for overhead.  These expenses can consist of,
     but are not limited to, the following example items:  Hotels, Air Fare, Car
     Rentals, Tolls, Vehicle Mileage @ $.36/mile, Per Diem @ $30.00/day, Phone
     Bills, Tool Rentals, etc.

     The following labor charges are based on typical, or averaged, travel plus
     site time.  Working hours are 6:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m., Sunday through
     Saturday (EST).  The total time required is based on the full,
     uninterrupted, support of United Stationers' maintenance staff.  Lack of
     these hours of system availability or the full time support of the
     maintenance staff will cause additional site time, thus additional charges
     to United Stationers.


     Labor - 14 Pods                                                     $26,950
     Expenses                                                         Cost + 15%

     In the event that United Stationers elects to have the audit team continue
     on with any other physical repairs or machine adjustments, these activities
     will be chargeable at the following labor rates:

     White's weekday hours will be billed at $62.00 per hour, Saturday hours
     will be billed at $77.00 per hour and Sunday hours will be billed at $93.00
     per hour.
<PAGE>

     Following is a Carousel System Audit Outline:

     I.   Carousel Review - Mechanical

          A.   Bins & Track
               1.   Upper & Lower linkage hardware for completeness, damage and
                    proper lubrication
               2.   Visually check upper and lower track for proper sizing
               3.   Check lower track for damage and proper lubrication
               4.   Check casters for damage and proper lubrication
               5.   Quantitatively examine upper and lower tracks for proper
                    sizing
          B.   Drives
               1.   Check roller chains and tensioners for proper alignment,
                    tension and lubrication.
               2.   Check V-belts for proper alignment, wear and tension
               3.   Tighten all motor and reducer mounting hardware
               4.   Check reducers' oil reservoirs
               5.   Check upper and lower bull sprockets for proper alignment
               6.   Tighten all motors' and reducers' pulleys and sprockets
               7.   Tighten all set screws on upper and lower bull sprockets
               8.   Check upper and lower bull sprockets' pillow block bearings

     II.  LIGHTREE/Sortbar Review - Mechanical

          A.   Check for broken display facias

     III. General Review - Mechanical

          A.   Review the spare parts inventory

     IV.  Carousel Review - Electrical

          A.   Drives
               1.   Check count/direction and #1 bin sensors for alignment and
                    connections
               2.   Check motor brushes and commutator
          B.   Controls devices
               1.   Check that all path clear photoeyes and reflectors are
                    secure and functional
               2.   Check that all floor safety mats are secure and functional
<PAGE>

          C.   680 Motor Controller
               1.   Check all connections and components for loose hardware
               2.   Check for dynamic brake
               3.   Identify revision of 124 board
          D.   CIB (Carousel Interface Controller)
               1.   Check power supply output voltage

     V.   LIGHTREE/Sortbar Review - Electrical

          A.   Task complete and incomplete buttons
               1.   Check for functionality
               2.   Tighten all set screws
          B.   Data cables
               1.   Check for proper shield drain grounding
               2.   Check all mounting screws
          C.   Review all displays using "System Test 9" check from workstation
               PCs
          D.   Check all fuseholders for damage

     VI.  Conveyor Review - Electrical

          A.   Check to see that all photoeyes and reflectors are secure and
               aligned
          B.   Check to see that all limit switches are secured and aligned
          C.   Check PLC's battery light
          D.   Back up PLC's logic

     VII. General Review - Electrical

          A.   Control Cabinets
               1.   Check for panel documentation in doors
               2.   Check all terminals and devices for loose connections
               3.   Check that all data cables have hoods and connectors in
                    place
               4.   Check incoming voltages
               5.   Check and inventory all spare fuses in spares cabinet
          B.   Check all control stations for loose buttons, indicators, mounts,
               etc.
          C.   Review all E-stop buttons for functionality
          D.   Review ADT interlock for functionality
          E.   Check all workstation computer cabling for damage and loose
               connections
          F.   Review the spare parts inventory
<PAGE>

8.   MAXIMUM TELEPHONE SOFTWARE SUPPORT - OPTIONAL

     White's maximum telephone software support for MMS-DOP is described below:

     White will provide a software representative to be available to United
     Stationers by national pager during the extended hours periods.  Response
     time is guaranteed to be within 30 minutes of call (to pager).  The
     software support representative may, at their request, call in a secondary
     resource to assist in responding to the call.  White will charge United
     Stationers an hourly "usage" fee  of $165.00 for each hour (one hour
     minimum) spent by White software representatives supporting the system by
     United Stationers request.  This fee will be applicable regardless of the
     reason or cause for the extended hours support request by United
     Stationers.

     White will maintain a detailed log of extended support involvement for the
     purpose of accounting.  Information to be supplied to United Stationers
     will include date, time of call, duration of support, United Stationers
     contact, symptoms of problem (as reported by United Stationers),
     determination of problem and action taken by support representative.

     The extended support contract will apply to service provided by White
     software resources for Sunday through Friday, from the hours of 12:01 p.m.
     to 11:00 p.m. and 4:00 a.m. to 12:01 p.m.,  Pacific Standard Time (PST).
     Software support between the hours of 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. Monday through
     Friday is covered by White's standard warranty for the first year.

     The cost for this support is as follows:

     Period:             6 months
     Minimum Period:          1 month

     Cost Summary:
        One time startup fee    $  750.00  (covers equipment and administration)
        Cost per month           1,200.00
        Hourly usage fee           165.00
<PAGE>

9.   SYSTEM INVESTMENT PER SPECIFICATION

     System Summary

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
     Item                                                             Investment
     ----                                                             ----------
     <S>                                                              <C>
     Carousel Hardware                                                 1,915,456
     Safety Controls                                                      32,000
     LIGHTREE                                                            198,030
     SORTBAR                                                              64,208
     Hardware Installation & Site Preparation                            289,880
     Workstation Controls and Panels                                     105,600

     COMPUTER SYSTEM MODULES                                             368,450
          System PC's
          Workcell PC's
          Pack PC's
          Backup PC's
     Token Ring Cabling & Voice Twisted Pair, Computer Hardware
     Installation and Wiring                                              92,300
     PC Shipment                                                           4,500
     MMS-DOP workstation Induction Scanner Modules                        20,000
     MMS-DOP Enhancements (see attached)*                                 32,000
     MMS Installation Labor                                               30,000
     Travel Expenses                                                  Cost + 15%
     PLC-AP Computer Hardware & Software                                  45,000
     Workstation Queuing Scanners                                         46,500

     CONVEYOR SYSTEM ESTIMATE
     Conveyor Hardware                                                   877,000
     Conveyor Project Management                                        Included
     Conveyor Installation                                               131,109
     Conveyor Electrical Equipment (with extra PLC)                      174,701
     PLC Software                                                        328,066
     Conveyor Electrical Installation                                     52,000
     Omni Scanner & Sorter Tracking Scanners                             123,500
     Engineering & Project Management                                    236,500
     Conveyor & Shelving Teardown and Removal                             43,200

SYSTEM TOTALS                                                         $5,210,000
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

* MMS-DOP ENHANCEMENTS

     -    Maximum Number of Destinations per Carton

     -    Update System Configuration

     -    Manual Carton Induction

     -    Next Available Carousel

     -    Supervisor Transaction

     -    Part Description Field

     -    Wrap and Label

     -    "More To Follow"

<PAGE>

     COST INCLUDES:
     a.   All physical system components
     b.   All mechanical installation
     c.   Electrical installation within system
     d.   Uncrating of materials
     e.   Area cleanup (disposal of package material extra)
     f.   All operator and maintenance training
     g.   Documentation - (drawings, installation manuals)
     h.   Software
     i.   Permits - Electrical
     j.   Shelving Tear Down.
     k.   Standard hardware warranty (parts only) - 1 year
     l.   Standard software warranty - 1 year.
     m.   Token ring installation

     COST DOES NOT INCLUDE:
     a.   Main Electrical supply or hookup
     b.   Facilities Modifications
     c.   State & local taxes
     d.   Unloading of Truck
     e.   Product movement
     f.   Workstations, benches, computer stands at Packing, Pods, Mark-out,
          etc.
     G.   REAR FENCE GUARDS


     OPTIONS

     HARDWARE MAINTENANCE AUDIT (Carousels and Conveyor)

               Labor - 14 pods                                           $26,950
               Expenses                                              Cost + 15%
               Additional Work:
                 Weekdays @ $62.00 per hour
                 Saturday @ $77.00 per hour
                 Sunday @ $93.00 per hour

     MAXIMUM TELEPHONE SOFTWARE SUPPORT
          One time startup fee                                           $   750
          Cost per month                                                   1,200
          Hourly usage fee                                                   165
<PAGE>

10.  PAYMENT TERMS

     Hardware, software, installation, and freight, as applicable, are
     independent of one another with respect to the payment schedule.

     PAYMENT SCHEDULE

<TABLE>
     <S>                                                                        <C>
     December 28, 1992  - Receive order.                                        1,042,000.00
     January 4, 1993    - Place carousels into production.
                          Place conveyor and controls on order.
     March 1, 1993      - Deliver 1st pod of carousels.
     April 1, 1993      - Deliver 40% of conveyor main loop.
     May 1, 1993        - Deliver balance of conveyor for main loop.            INVOICE DATE
     June 1, 1993       - Complete installation of 1st pod.                      $234,450.00
     July 1, 1993       - Software complete - System start.                           - - -
     July 15, 1993      - Complete installation of 2nd pod.                       234,450.00
     August 1, 1993     - Complete installation of 3rd pod.                       234,450.00
     August 15, 1993    - Complete installation of 4th pod.                       234,450.00
     September 1, 1993  - Complete installation of 5th pod.                       234,450.00
     September 15, 1993 - Complete installation of 6th pod.                       234,450.00
     October 1, 1993    - Complete installation of 7th pod.                       234,450.00
     October 15, 1993   - Complete installation of 8th pod.                       234,450.00
     November 1, 1993   - Complete installation of 9th pod.                       234,450.00
     November 15, 1993  - Complete installation of 10th pod.                      234,450.00
     December 1, 1993   - Complete installation of 11th pod.                      234,450.00
     December 28, 1993  - Complete installation of 12th pod.                      234,450.00
     January 15, 1994   - Complete installation of 13th & 14th pod.               989,900.00
                          Complete electrical installation.
     February 15, 1994  - System acceptance.                                      364,700.00
                                            ------------------------------------------------
                                                  TOTAL                        $5,210,000.00
</TABLE>

All payments are net 10 days.
                     --

This schedule can be adjusted if we are notified by March 1, 1993.  A discount
of 1/2% per payment will apply if payment(s) are received in advance of the due
date.  A 1/2% penalty per payment will apply if payment is not received within
10 days of due date.

     FREIGHT
<PAGE>

     Carousel Hardware and Conveyor:    FOB United Stationers, freight third
                                        party billing to United Stationers
     Computer Hardware:                 FOB Shipping Point - Prepaid
<PAGE>


     Quote Valid:  30 days from quotation date










     White Authorized Signature:   _______________________________________
                                   Jack Kuppersmith
                                   Executive Vice President
<PAGE>

     ACCEPTANCE OF PROPOSAL

     The prices, specifications and conditions listed are satisfactory and are
     hereby accepted. You are authorized to do the work as specified.  Payment
     will be made as stated.

     Direct Purchase Orders To:

     Jack Kuppersmith
     White Storage & Retrieval Systems, Inc.
     4104 Sorrento Valley Boulevard
     San Diego, CA  92121

     Date of Acceptance__________________________________

     Signature___________________________________________
                       United Stationers, Inc.
<PAGE>


          ------------------------------------------------------------
          ------------------------------------------------------------

                                   APPENDIX I

                        WS&RS STANDARD TERMS & CONDITIONS

                               INTEGRATED SYSTEMS

                            WS89-3 - US REV. 8/28/92

          ------------------------------------------------------------
          ------------------------------------------------------------
<PAGE>


          ------------------------------------------------------------
          ------------------------------------------------------------

                                   APPENDIX II

                                PROJECT SCHEDULE

          ------------------------------------------------------------
          ------------------------------------------------------------
<PAGE>


          ------------------------------------------------------------
          ------------------------------------------------------------

                                  APPENDIX III

                        MMS-DOP FUNCTIONAL SPECIFICATION
                              REVISION C.1 MAY 1992

          ------------------------------------------------------------
          ------------------------------------------------------------









                 This document has been previously forwarded to
                     United Stationers under separate cover
<PAGE>


          ------------------------------------------------------------
          ------------------------------------------------------------

                                   APPENDIX IV

                             SYSTEM PLAN VIEW LAYOUT

                             03008-101 DATED 8/31/92

          ------------------------------------------------------------
          ------------------------------------------------------------







    This Document will be forwarded to United Stationers under separate cover
<PAGE>


          ------------------------------------------------------------
          ------------------------------------------------------------

                                   APPENDIX V

                              SEQUENCE OF OPERATION

          ------------------------------------------------------------
          ------------------------------------------------------------


<PAGE>

White Storage & Retrieval Systems, Inc.
Systems Division
4104 Sorrento Valley Boulevard
San Diego, CA  92121
(619)457-2320







                                UNITED STATIONERS

                              DES PLAINES, ILLINOIS




                                QUOTATION NO. 929
                                   REVISION D

                                  JUNE 15, 1994





                        Copyright-C- 1993 by WS&RS, Inc.


<PAGE>

PROPRIETARY STATEMENT

     This document contains information that is proprietary to White Storage &
     Retrieval Systems hereafter referred to as White, and the customer
     identified herein, hereafter referred to as United Stationers.
     Reproduction and distribution of this document is restricted for United
     Stationers exclusive use.




<PAGE>

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS



SUBJECT                                                                     PAGE
- - -------                                                                     ----

1.   GENERAL SYSTEM OVERVIEW . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .4
        CURRENT SYSTEMS OPERATION. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .4
        PROPOSED SYSTEM OPERATION. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .4
        SYSTEM HARDWARE ARCHITECTURE . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .5
        SYSTEM OPERATION . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .5
2.   SYSTEM SPECIFICATIONS - MECHANICAL. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .8
        Item 1 - Bottom Drive Carousels. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .8
        Item 2 - Sortbar Display . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .8
        Item 3 - Lightree Display. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .8
        Item 4 - Automated Conveyor System . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .8
3.   CONSOLIDATED ORDER FORM . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .9
4.   BILL OF MATERIALS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 11
5.   SYSTEM IMPLEMENTATION . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15
        Project Management . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15
        Installation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15
6.   OPERATOR/MAINTENANCE TRAINING . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15
        Mechanical Training. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15
        Software Training. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15
6.   PROJECT SCHEDULE. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 16
7.   HARDWARE MAINTENANCE AUDIT (Carousels & Conveyor) - Optional. . . . . . 16
8.   MAXIMUM TELEPHONE SOFTWARE SUPPORT - Optional . . . . . . . . . . . . . 19
9.   SYSTEM INVESTMENT PER SPECIFICATION . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20
        System Summary . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20
        Computer System Modules. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20
        Conveyor System Estimate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20
        MMS-DOP Enhancements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 21
10.  PAYMENT TERMS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23
        Payment Schedule . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23
        Freight. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23
10.  ACCEPTANCE OF PROPOSAL. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 25


<PAGE>

1.   GENERAL SYSTEM OVERVIEW


CURRENT SYSTEM OPERATION
The Edison, New Jersey facility of United Stationers is currently using paper
pick lists and standard cart pick methods to fulfill customer orders.  Customer
orders are received and processed by United's host computer system; these orders
are processed per product storage locations then printed out onto hard copy pick
tickets.  Pick Operators will select a batch of these pick tickets and set up
the corresponding pick/shipping cartons on Taylor-Dunn electric carts; a picker
then takes this cart and travels through both flowrack and conventional small
bin shelving areas to pick these orders.  Once this batch of orders is
completed, the picker and cart return to base, drop these orders off at the
packing area, and reload with another batch of orders to be picked.   Currently,
approximately seventy percent of an order filler's time is spent traveling
between picks using this method.

PROPOSED SYSTEM OPERATION
The White Automated Storage & Retrieval system design for the United Stationers,
Edison NJ facility is a paperless, automated carousel and carton delivery system
similar to the system White installed in the United Stationers City of Industry
facility.  Utilizing sophisticated computer controls and informational displays
along with intelligently coordinated material handling equipment, White is
proposing an INTEGRATED material handling system design to handle very high
speed customer order filling requirements along with a quality replenishment
process.  The order processing still begins with customer order entry into
United's host computer where these orders are processed per product storage
locations.  The difference here is that all picks for goods that are stored
within White's carousel system will be processed into White's MMS-DOP system.
At this point, rather than the usual printing of paper pick tickets, the
automated carousel system will coordinate carousel movement with LIGHTREE and
TOTEBAR displays to bring the appropriate stock to the operator for order
picking.  Along with the carousel and display activity, the conveyor system has
coordinated the processing and delivery of pick/ship cartons so they are
delivered to these pick stations in sequence with the orders as they are being
picked.  With this level of integration and coordination of equipment and
controls, the need for operator traveling and manual carton has virtually been
eliminated.

The benefits of White's proposed automated carousel system are to help United
Stationers achieve:

      _    Greater worker productivity;
      _    Increased sales capacity due to increased order processing capacity;
      _    Increased inventory accuracy;
      _    Maximum facility utilization and performance

To achieve these goals White proposes to employ its own carousels, LIGHTREEs,
TOTEBARs and MMS-DOP inventory/system control software, along with a state of
the art conveyorized tote mover system.  Having worked close with United
Stationers' facilities engineering and DC operations people, we have jointly
developed a system configuration to provide storage for up to 40,000 SKUs and a
potential 57,000 cubic feet of storage volume.  This system will be capable of
supporting:  (17)

<PAGE>

pick operator stations; (1) mark-Out station; (40) order packing stations; and
several supervisor stations.  System configuration will be such that there will
be minimal operator walking; each of the operator's stations will be set up to
support their specific work activities within a few steps reach.  The system
software, controls and mechanization will move inventory and in-process orders
from one workstation to the next; operator handling of the cartons has been
reduced to almost nothing.

SYSTEM HARDWARE ARCHITECTURE
This system is made up of two key mechanical elements; the carousel storage area
and the tote mover conveyor system.

The carousel storage area of this system is designed to consist of as many as
(17) operator pick pods, each pod consisting of:

               _    (4) White Industrial Twin Bin carousels;
               _    (4) "Pick-to-Light" LIGHTREEs;
               _    (1) "Sort-to-Light" TOTEBAR;
               _    (1) Order Carton Matrix

The tote mover conveyor system is designed to handle carton delivery to and
takeaway from each of the following system work centers:

- - -    The sorter system consists of an infeed spur, a work spur called "Mark-
     Out", twelve (12) carousel pod and one (1) off carousel divert points,
     seven (7) pod reintroduction points, one (1) packing divert point and a 360
     degrees return loop.
- - -    The packing system receives completed orders from the sort pick system and
     consists of an infeed accumulator and a 20-station sorter with 40-packing
     stations.
- - -    The empty #58 carton system consists of the packing station return line,
     the carton erector infeed, the workstation backup carton supply and a
     system reinduction.
- - -    The empty #20 carton system consists of a carton erector takeaway, an
     overhead accumulator, and a packing station accumulator for cartons that
     are too small to be used for the pick process but are larger than the jiffy
     packs.  This system will support the use of these packages so that freight
     and packing costs can be kept to a minimum.
- - -    The shipping system handles closed #58 and #20 cartons and consists of a
     carton takeaway conveyor that feeds an existing conveyor system at the
     mezzanine's edge.
- - -    Above this is the jiffy bag system which is a takeaway conveyor from the
     packing stations which runs to a hopper where the jiffy bags are
     accumulated. This takeaway conveyor is the same as used for the takeaway of
     empty #58 cartons from the packing area.


SYSTEM OPERATION

The overall system may operate in the following modes:

               -    Order Processing System Mode

<PAGE>

               -    Receipts/Replenishment System Mode
               -    Cycle Counting Mode
               -    Hot Pick Order Processing Mode

Cycle counting may be performed while in either system mode.  Hot Pick Order
processing may be done during the receipts/replenishment cycle to facilitate
priority order shipments.

Picking and receipts/replenishment functions are supported by the sorter system.
The control system meters containers from the box prep staging area or inbound
replenishment area to the carousel pick PODs.  When the pick POD input buffer is
filled to capacity, the system automatically locks out further physical box
entries into the carousel system.  As a box leaves the pick system to packing,
or markout, another incoming order box is routed to the appropriate pick POD.

In the Receipts/Replenishment mode, inbound vendor packs are dispersed to a pick
POD and stored in fixed locations based on storage velocity and cell size
criteria, as assigned by the host.

The proposed system can be divided into discrete areas of functionality
including:

     Application Software (MMS-DOP)
     Transportation Software (PLC-AP, Conveyor PLC)
     Equipment Controls

The MMS-DOP (Material Management Systems-Dynamic Order Processor) application
software includes the ability to accept electronic downloads of information from
the customer host computer.  Information will include Customer, Location, and
Quantity data.  The customer may send down one (1) or more wave files per day
The timing is a host function.  MMS-DOP also allows special processing such as
Date and Order Priority to help manage the workflow. This software will break
down and organize the work orders into route lists on a pod-by-pod basis.

The PLC-AP and Conveyor PLC software manages the movement of totes, order
cartons, and vendor pack through the system. It is a subsystem of MMS-DOP which
integrates both PC and PLC-based software.  This system is responsible for
overall control of conveyor, bar code equipment, phototeye equipment and motors.

Low level conveyor control will be managed by an industrial computer or
Programmable Logic Controller (PLC).  The PLC system will physically manage
photoeyes, solenoids, limit switches, motor starters, etc.  This machine in turn
will be directed by a barcode tracking system computer called the PLC-
Applications Processor (PLC-AP). The PLC-AP computer will coordinate the route
list requirements from MMS-DOP and provide routing directives to the PLC.
Distributed throughout the conveyor system will be fixed barcode scanners
reading the cartons within the system.  All of these scanners will report to the
PLC-AP computer.  As the computer is tracking these barcodes, it will be
advising the PLC which cartons should be diverted and where they should divert
to.  The PLC-AP also maintains a parameter for the number of shipping cartons to
be metered into the picking and packing area.  Boxes are only released into the
conveyor system when space is

<PAGE>

made available by a carton exiting to either the packing or markout area.

A label applicator (by others) will be used to automatically apply a bar coded
label to pick cartons.  These boxes are automatically inducted on to the
conveyor system and are tracked to the appropriate workstations needed to fill
the customer orders.  Multiple order cartons will be used for filling orders
which are sufficiently large.  The PLC-AP maintains a route list for each
shipping container and fills the workstation picking matrix and buffer line with
eligible shipping boxes.  The PLC is responsible for all physical movement of
material within the system.  Scanners are placed at each inbound workcenter line
to verify the order information and proper carton sequences as cartons move from
pick POD to pick POD.  Any anomalies will be logged and the carton(s) sent to
the markout processing area for disposition.

<PAGE>

2.   SYSTEM SPECIFICATIONS - MECHANICAL

     ITEM 1 - BOTTOM DRIVE CAROUSELS
     -    Twelve (12) Pods, White Bottom Drive carousels consisting of:

          a.   20 each Model XB52
               22 each Model XB60
                4 each Model XB44
                2 each Model XB22
          b.   Eight (8) shelves/face 25" wide x 18" deep (75 lb capacity)
          c.   2 1/2" shelf spacing for flexibility and cube utilization
          d.   2 - DC drive motors per carousel (2 hp/each)
          e.   Wire bins
          f.   CIC (Cell Interface Controller)
          g.   680 Motor Controller per carousel
          j.   Speed 60 fpm
          k.   Overall Width per machine 6'10"
          l.   Overall Height 113"
          m.   Vertical Safety Photoeye System

     ITEM 2 - SORTBAR DISPLAY

     -    Twelve (12) each Horizontal Sortbar.  (10 displays per unit)

     The Horizontal Sortbar will be positioned at the work center on the
     queuing conveyor and display the quantity to place in each of up to 10
     individual totes.

     ITEM 3 - LIGHTREE DISPLAY

     -    Forty-eight (48) each Vertical LIGHTREES.  (8 displays per
          unit -maximum 64 displays)

     The LIGHTREE displays will be positioned in  the carousels servicing
     two bins per unit and display total quantity to pick in each of up to 8
     levels.

     ITEM 4 - AUTOMATED CONVEYOR SYSTEM

     -    Complete inbound, queuing, recirculation, and outbound (to
          packing) system. This system will include laser scanners, high speed
          diverts, queuing sections, PLC controls.

<PAGE>

3.   CONSOLIDATED ORDER FORM

          ITEM
ITEM      QTY  DESCRIPTION
- - ----      ---  -----------
 A         1    Dedicated Network Server
 B         1    Supervisor Workstation
 C         2    Communications Stations
C1         1    MMS Download Processing Station
 D         1    Induction Workstation
 E        40    Packing Workstation
 F        12    Carousel Workstation
 G         2    Off Carousel/Manual Batching Workstation
 H         5    Off Carousel Confirmation Workstation
 I         2    Inquiry Workstation
 J         1    Markout Workstation
 K         1    PLC Interface Station
 L         1    Backup Network Server
 M         1    Backup Premium Computer
 N         1    Backup ValuePoint Computer
 P         1    Scanner Queing Station
TOTAL     73


QTY   PART #    DESCRIPTION
- - ---   ------    -----------
 1              Modem Cable
45    0105695   Parallel Printer Cable
 7   05806004   Madge Smart 16/4 MC32 Bridgenode, Net Adaptor
 1    0801193   Hayes Optima Modem V.32
 1    2381001   IBM Personal Printer (Wide Carriage)
 2    2380001   IBM Personal Printer (Narrow Carriage)
66    25F7367   Token-Ring 16/4 Network Adaptor
 2    34F0035   SCSI Cable to disk
 2    42G0452   IBM 3270 Personal Communications v.3
66    6318001   ValuePoint VGA Color Monitor
73    6339098   Token-Ring Adaptor Cable
66    6384F30   IBM PS/ValuePoint 425SX, DOS 5.0, 120Mb disk, 4Mb RAM
 2    6451109   MC Disk Adaptor/A #2
 2    6451235   400Mb Mirrored SCSI disk
 2    74F3465   IBM 3270 Connection Adaptor
 7    84F9775   IBM DOS v5.0
 2    8504001   PS/2 Monochrome Monitor
 2    85F0796   Novell Netware v3.11 (100 User License)
12   9000/485   LazerData Fixed Mount Scanner, cables, photoeye
 5    9518001   PS/2 Premium VGA Color Monitor

<PAGE>

 5    9576OU6   PS/2 Premium 76 486SX 33Mhz, 104Mb disk, 8Mb RAM


QTY   PART #      DESCRIPTION
- - ---   ------      -----------
 2    9595OMF     IBM PS/2 Premium 95, 486DX-50, 400Mb 16Mb RAM
40    Architext   Bar Code Font Cartridge(C128GP.SFP&SFL)
 1    Beldon      Shielded 5-wire cable (From Pods to Scanner PC)
 1    Black Box   485 to 232 Converter
 3    C2053#C06   HP Laserjet Bar Code Font Cartridge
 2    DAC         Dataflex 2.3b runtime license
 1    DJ-20       Colorado Jumbo 250 Internal Tape Unit
 2    DP/1        Neotech Parallel Adaptor & Cable
42    HP          HP LaserJet 4 Printer
 2    IP417042    Intellicom Long Link Parallel Printer Adaptor
62    LS3080      Symbol Scanner, Junction box, 8'cable
 1    Microcom    Carbon Copy Plus
12    White       Cable from PC to Carousel Control
 2    Sony        3 1/2" Diskettes
 7    DT250       Backup Tape Cartidges

<PAGE>

4.   BILL OF MATERIALS

     Item Unit
Item Qty  Qty  Part #   Description
- - ---- ---  ---  ------   -----------
A    1                  DEDICATED NETWORK SERVER
A    1    1    9595OMF   IBM PS/2 Premium 95, 486DX-50, 400Mb drive, 16Mb RAM
A    1    1    6541109   MC Disk Adaptor/A #2
A    1    1    36F0035   SCSI Cable to disk
A    1    1    6451235   400Mb Mirrored SCSI disk
A    1    1    8504001   PS/2 Monochrome Monitor
A    1    1    05806004  Madge Smart 16/4 MC32 Bridgenode, Network Adaptor
A    1    1    6339098   Token-Ring Adaptor Cable
A    1    1    2381001   IBM Personal Printer (Wide Carriage)
A    1    2    2380001   IBM Personal Printer (Narrow Carriage)
A    1    3    0105695   Parallel Printer Cable
A    1    1    85F0796   Novell Netware v3.11 (100 User License)
A    1    1    DAC       Dataflex 2.3b runtime license
A    1    1    84F9775   IBM DOS v5.0
A    1    1    White     Installation and Generation Sundries
A    1    1    DP/1      Neotech Parallel Adaptor & Cable
A    1    2    IP417042  Intellicom Long Link Parallel Printer Adaptor

     Item Unit
Item Qty  Qty  Part #    Description
- - ---- ---  ---  ------    -----------
B    1    1    6384F30   IBM PS/ValuePoint 425SX, DOS 5.0, 120Mb disk, 4Mb RAM
B    1    1    6318001   ValuePoint VGA Color Monitor
B    1    1    DJ-20     Colorado Jumbo 250 Internal Tape Unit
B    1    1    25F7367   Token-Ring 16/4 Network Adaptor
B    1    1    6339098   Token-Ring Adaptor Cable
B    1    1    0801193   Hayes Optima Modem V.32
B    1    1              Modem Cable
B    1    1    Microcom  Carbon Copy Plus

     Item Unit
Item Qty  Qty  Part #    Description
- - ---- ---  ---  ------    -----------
C    2    1    9576OU6   PS/2 Premium 76 486SX 33Mhz, 104Mb disk, 8Mb RAM
C    2    1    9518001   PS/2 Premium VGA Color Monitor
C    2    1    05806004  Madge Smart 16/4 MC32 Bridgenode, Network Adaptor
C    2    1    6339098   Token-Ring Adaptor Cable
C    2    1    84F9775   IBM DOS v5.0
C    2    1    42G0452   IBM 3270 Personal Communications v.3
C    2    1    74F3465   IBM 3270 Connection Adaptor

<PAGE>

     Item Unit
Item Qty  Qty  Part #   Description
- - ---- ---  ---  ------   -----------
C1   1                  MMS DOWNLOAD PROCESSING STATION
C1   1    1    9576OU6   PS/2 Premium 76 486SX 33Mhz, 104Mb disk, 8Mb RAM
C1   1    1    9518001   PS/2 Premium VGA Color Monitor
C1   1    1    05806004  Madge Smart 16/4 MC32 Bridgenode, Network Adaptor
C1   1    1    6339098   Token-Ring Adaptor Cable
C1   1    1    84F9775   IBM DOS v5.0

     Item Unit
Item Qty  Qty  Part #   Description
- - ---- ---  ---  ------   -----------
D    1                  INDUCTION WORKSTATION
D    1    1    6384F30   IBM PS/ValuePoint 425SX, DOS 5.0, 120Mb disk, 4Mb RAM
D    1    1    6318001   ValuePoint VGA Color Monitor
D    1    1    25F7367   Token-Ring 16/4 Network Adaptor
D    1    1    6339098   Token-Ring Adaptor Cable
D    1    1    LS3080    Symbol Scanner, Junction box, 8'cable

     Item Unit
Item Qty  Qty  Part #    Description
- - ---- ---  ---  ------    -----------
E    40                  PACKING WORKSTATION
E    40   1    6384F30    IBM PS/ValuePoint 425SX, DOS 5.0, 120Mb disk, 4Mb RAM
E    40   1    6318001    ValuePoint VGA Color Monitor
E    40   1    25F7367    Token-Ring 16/4 Network Adaptor
E    40   1    6339098    Token-Ring Adaptor Cable
E    40   1    LS3080     Symbol Scanner, Junction box, 8'cable
E    40   1    HP         HP LaserJet 4 Printer
E    40   1    0105695    Parallel Printer Cable
E    40   1    Architext  Bar Code Font Cartridge(C128GP.SRP&SFL)

     Item Unit
Item Qty  Qty  Part #   Description
- - ---- ---  ---  ------   -----------
F    12                 CAROUSEL WORKSTATION
F    12   1    6384F30   IBM PS/ValuePoint 425SX, DOS 5.0, 120Mb disk, 4Mb RAM
F    12   1    6318001   ValuePoint VGA Color Monitor
F    12   1    25F7367   Token-Ring 16/4 Network Adaptor
F    12   1    6339098   Token-Ring Adaptor Cable
F    12   1    LS3080    Symbol Scanner, Junction box, 8'cable
F    12   1    White     Cable from PC to Carousel Control
F    12   1    9000/485  LazerData Fixed Mount Scanner, cables, photoeye

     Item Unit
Item Qty  Qty  Part #    Description
- - ---- ---  ---  ------    -----------
G    2                  OFF CAROUSEL/MANUAL BATCHING WORKSTATION

<PAGE>

G    2    1    6384F30    IBM PS/ValuePoint 425SX, DOS 5.0, 120Mb disk, 4Mb RAM
G    2    1    6318001    ValuePoint VGA Color Monitor
G    2    1    25F7367    Token-Ring 16/4 Network Adaptor
G    2    1    6339098    Token-Ring Adaptor Cable
G    2    1    HP         HP LaserJet 4 Printer
G    2    1    0105695    Parallel Printer Cable
G    2    1    C2053#C06  HP Laserjet Bar Code Font Cartridge
G    2    1    LS3080     Symbol Scanner, Junction box, 8'cable

     Item Unit
Item Qty  Qty  Part #   Description
- - ---- ---  ---  ------   -----------
H    5                  OFF CAROUSEL CONFIRMATION WORKSTATION
H    5    1    6384F30   IBM PS/ValuePoint 425SX, DOS 5.0, 120Mb disk, 4Mb RAM
H    5    1    6318001   ValuePoint VGA Color Monitor
H    5    1    25F7367   Token-Ring 16/4 Network Adaptor
H    5    1    6339098   Token-Ring Adaptor Cable
H    5    1    LS3080    Symbol Scanner, Junction box, 8'cable

     Item Unit
Item Qty  Qty  Part #   Description
- - ---- ---  ---  ------   -----------
I    2                  INQUIRY WORKSTATION
I    2    1    6384F30   IBM PS/ValuePoint 425SX, DOS 5.0, 120Mb disk, 4Mb RAM
I    2    1    6318001   ValuePoint VGA Color Monitor
I    2    1    25F7367   Token-Ring 16/4 Network Adaptor
I    2    1    6339098   Token-Ring Adaptor Cable

     Item Unit
Item Qty  Qty  Part #    Description
- - ---- ---  ---  ------    -----------
J    1                  MARKOUT WORKSTATION
J    1    1    6384F30   IBM PS/ValuePoint 425SX, DOS 5.0, 120Mb disk, 4Mb RAM
J    1    1    6318001   ValuePoint VGA Color Monitor
J    1    1    25F7367   Token-Ring 16/4 Network Adaptor
J    1    1    6339098   Token-Ring Adaptor Cable
J    1    1    LS3080    Symbol Scanner, Junction box, 8'cable

     Item Unit
Item Qty  Qty  Part #   Description
- - ---- ---  ---  ------   -----------
K    1                  PLC INTERFACE STATION
K    1    1    9576OU6   PS/2 Premium 76 486SX 33Mhz, 104Mb disk, 8Mb RAM
K    1    1    9518001   PS/2 Premium VGA Color Monitor
K    1    1    05806004  Madge Smart 16/4 MC32 Bridgenode, Network Adaptor
K    1    1    6339098   Token-Ring Adaptor Cable
K    1    1    84F9775   IBM DOS  v5.0

<PAGE>

     Item Unit
Item Qty  Qty  Part #   Description
- - ---- ---  ---  ------   -----------
L    1                  BACKUP NETWORK SERVER
L    1    1    9595OMF   IBM PS/2 Premium 95, 486DX-50, 400Mb disk, 16Mb RAM
L    1    1    6451109   MC Disk Adaptor/A #2
L    1    1    36F0035   SCSI Cable to disk
L    1    1    6451235   400Mb Mirrored SCSI disk
L    1    1    8504001   PS/2 Monochrome Monitor
L    1    1    05806004  Madge Smart 16/4 MC32 Bridgenode, Network Adaptor
L    1    1    6339098   Token-Ring Adaptor Cable
L    1    1    85F0796   Novell Netware v3.11 (100 User License)
L    1    1    DAC       Dataflex 2.3b runtime license
L    1    1    84F9775   IBM DOS v5.0
L    1    1    White     Installation and Generation Sundries
L    1    1    DP/1      Neotech Parallel Adaptor & Cable

     Item Unit
Item Qty  Qty  Part #   Description
- - ---- ---  ---  ------   -----------
M    1                  BACKUP PREMIUM COMPUTER
M    1    1    9576OU6   PS/2 Premium 76 486SX 33Mhz, 104Mb disk, 8Mb RAM
M    1    1    9518001   PS/2 Premium VGA Color Monitor
M    1    1    05806004  Madge Smart 16/4 MC32 Bridgenode, Network Adaptor
M    1    1    6339098   Token-Ring Adaptor Cable
M    1    1    84F9775   IBM DOS v5.0

     Item Unit
Item Qty  Qty  Part #   Description
- - ---- ---  ---  ------   -----------
N    1                  BACKUP VALUEPOINT COMPUTER
N    1    1    6384F30   IBM PS/ValuePoint 425SX, DOS 5.0, 120MB disk, 4Mb
RAM
N    1    1    6318001   ValuePoint VGA Color Monitor
N    1    1    25F7367   Token-Ring 16/4 Network Adaptor
N    1    1    6339098   Token-Ring Adaptor Cable
N    1    1    LS3080    Symbol Scanner, Junction box, 8'cable

     Item Unit
Item Qty  Qty  Part #    Description
- - ---- ---  ---  ------    -----------
P    1                   SCANNER QUESTING STATION
P    1    1    6384F30    IBM PS/ValuePoint 425SX, DOS 5.0, 120Mb disk, 4Mb RAM
P    1    1    6318001    ValuePoint VGA Color Monitor
P    1    1    25F7367    Token-Ring 16/4 Network Adaptor
P    1    1    6339098    Token-Ring Adaptor Cable
P    1    1    Black Box  485 to 232 Converter
P    1    1    Beldon     Shielded 5-wire cable (From Pods to Scanner PC)

<PAGE>

5.   SYSTEM IMPLEMETATION

     PROJECT MANAGEMENT
     Upon approval of this quotation and Design Specification, White's Project
     Leader will coordinate activities with White, United Stationers and all
     third parties as required, conduct progress reviews and maintain contact
     with the customer Project Manager.

     INSTALLATION
     White will have an installation supervisor and crew whose size and
     personnel will vary as the installation progresses.  The work schedule will
     be defined and an installation plan mutually established which will meet
     the project schedule specifications.  White will supply all the necessary
     hand tools and materials to perform installation. Installation will be
     performed by non-union labor.  Receiving, unloading, and transporting the
     material to the work site are not included in this quotation.

6.   OPERATOR/MAINTENANCE TRAINING

     MECHANICAL TRAINING
     White will conduct a training session to provide user orientation for
     operation of the hardware and controls.  This session will describe proper
     operation, daily care, and periodic maintenance. White will also supply
     documentation as it pertains to the mechanical, electrical, and controls of
     the system.  White will supply an outline of this training.

     SOFTWARE TRAINING
     White will provide four (4) days of on site hands-on training for the
     mutually acceptable personnel.  Topics to be covered include:
               -    System Start-up
               -    Supervisory Operations
               -    Carousel Workcell Operations
               -    Packing Station Operations
               -    Markout Station Operations
               -    System Backup and Restore
               -    Remote Support
               -    Computer Equipment

<PAGE>

6.   PROJECT SCHEDULE

     Project schedule per Appendix 2.

7.   HARDWARE MAINT.  AUDIT (CAROUSELS & CONVEYOR) - OPTIONAL


     It is United Stationers' intent to perform its own preventative maintenance
     and service labor, after training by White and gaining familiarity with the
     system.

     Therefore, White recommends the following audit procedure:

     An audit will be performed by White's Systems Engineering representative,
     White's regional Field Service Technician and United Stationers'
     maintenance personnel.

     Expenses that are incurred during these audits will be billed to United
     Stationers at cost plus 15% for overhead.  These expenses can consist of,
     but are not limited to, the following example items:  Hotels, Air Fare, Car
     Rentals, Tolls, Vehicle Mileage @ $.36/mile, Per Diem @ $30.00/day, Phone
     Bills, Tool Rentals, etc.

     The following labor charges are based on typical, or averaged, travel plus
     site time.  Working hours are 6:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m., Sunday through
     Saturday (EST).  The total time required is based on the full,
     uninterrupted, support of United Stationers' maintenance staff.  Lack of
     these hours of system availability or the full time support of the
     maintenance staff will cause additional site time, thus additional charges
     to United Stationers.


     Labor - 12 Pods                                                  $23,100
     Expenses                                                      Cost + 15%

     In the event that United Stationers elects to have the audit team continue
     on with any other physical repairs or machine adjustments, these activities
     will be chargeable at the following labor rates:

     White's weekday hours will be billed at $62.00 per hour, Saturday hours
     will be billed at $77.00 per hour and Sunday hours will be billed at $93.00
     per hour.

<PAGE>

     Following is a Carousel System Audit Outline:

     I.   Carousel Review - Mechanical

          A.   Bins & Track
               1.   Upper & Lower linkage hardware for completeness, damage and
                    proper lubrication
               2.   Visually check upper and lower track for proper sizing
               3.   Check lower track for damage and proper lubrication
               4.   Check casters for damage and proper lubrication
               5.   Quantitatively examine upper and lower tracks for proper
                    sizing
          B.   Drives
               1.   Check roller chains and tensioners for proper alignment,
                    tension and lubrication.
               2.   Check V-belts for proper alignment, wear and tension
               3.   Tighten all motor and reducer mounting hardware
               4.   Check reducers' oil reservoirs
               5.   Check upper and lower bull sprockets for proper alignment
               6.   Tighten all motors' and reducers' pulleys and sprockets
               7.   Tighten all set screws on upper and lower bull sprockets
               8.   Check upper and lower bull sprockets' pillow block bearings

          II.  LIGHTREE/Sortbar Review - Mechanical

               A.   Check for broken display facias

          III. General Review - Mechanical

               A.   Review the spare parts inventory

          IV.  Carousel Review - Electrical

               A.   Drives
                    1.   Check count/direction and #1 bin sensors for alignment
                         and connections
                    2.   Check motor brushes and commutator
               B.   Controls devices
                    1.   Check that all path clear photoeyes and reflectors are
                         secure and functional
                    2.   Check that all floor safety mats are secure and
                         functional

<PAGE>

               C.   680 Motor Controller
                    1.   Check all connections and components for loose hardware
                    2.   Check for dynamic brake
                    3.   Identify revision of 124 board
               D.   CIB (Carousel Interface Controller)
                    1.   Check power supply output voltage

          V.   LIGHTREE/Sortbar Review - Electrical

               A.   Task complete and incomplete buttons
                    1.   Check for functionality
                    2.   Tighten all set screws
               B.   Data cables
                    1.   Check for proper shield drain grounding
                    2.   Check all mounting screws
               C.   Review all displays using "System Test 9" check from
                    workstation PCs
               D.   Check all fuseholders for damage

          VI.  Conveyor Review - Electrical

               A.   Check to see that all photoeyes and reflectors are secure
                    and aligned
               B.   Check to see that all limit switches are secured and aligned
               C.   Check PLC's battery light
               D.   Back up PLC's logic

          VII. General Review - Electrical

               A.   Control Cabinets
                    1.   Check for panel documentation in doors
                    2.   Check all terminals and devices for loose connections
                    3.   Check that all data cables have hoods and connectors in
                         place
                    4.   Check incoming voltages
                    5.   Check and inventory all spare fuses in spares cabinet
               B.   Check all control stations for loose buttons, indicators,
                    mounts, etc.
               C.   Review all E-stop buttons for functionality
               D.   Review ADT interlock for functionality
               E.   Check all workstation computer cabling for damage and loose
                    connections
               F.   Review the spare parts inventory

<PAGE>

8.   MAXIMUM TELEPHONE SOFTWARE SUPPORT - OPTIONAL

     White's maximum telephone software support for MMS-DOP is described below:

     White will provide a software representative to be available to United
     Stationers by national pager during the extended hours periods.  Response
     time is guaranteed to be within 30 minutes of call (to pager).  The
     software support representative may, at their request, call in a secondary
     resource to assist in responding to the call.  White will charge United
     Stationers an hourly "usage" fee  of $165.00 for each hour (one hour
     minimum) spent by White software representatives supporting the system by
     United Stationers request.  This fee will be applicable regardless of the
     reason or cause for the extended hours support request by United
     Stationers.

     White will maintain a detailed log of extended support involvement for the
     purpose of accounting.  Information to be supplied to United Stationers
     will include date, time of call, duration of support, United Stationers
     contact, symptoms of problem (as reported by United Stationers),
     determination of problem and action taken by support representative.

     The extended support contract will apply to service provided by White
     software resources for Sunday through Friday, from the hours of 12:01 p.m.
     to 11:00 p.m. and 4:00 a.m. to 12:01 p.m.,  Pacific Standard Time (PST).
     Software support between the hours of 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. Monday through
     Friday is covered by White's standard warranty for the first year.

     The cost for this support is as follows:

     Period:           6 months
     Minimum Period:            1 month

     Cost Summary:
         One time startup fee  $  750.00  (covers equipment and administration)
         Cost per month         1,200.00
         Hourly usage fee         165.00

<PAGE>

9.   SYSTEM INVESTMENT PER SPECIFICATION


SYSTEM SUMMARY

     Item                                                            Investment
     ----                                                            ----------
     Carousel Hardware                                               $1,641,819
     Safety Controls                                                     27,429
     LIGHTREE                                                           169,740
     SORTBAR                                                             55,035
     Hardware Installation & Site Preparation                           210,395
     Workstation Controls and Panels                                     76,589

     COMPUTER SYSTEM MODULES                                            445,635
         System PC's
         Workcell PC's
         Pack PC's
         Backup PC's
     Token Ring Cabling & Voice Twisted Pair, Computer Hardware
     Installation and Wiring                                             84,016
     PC Shipment                                                        Collect
     MMS-DOP workstation Induction Scanner Modules                       20,000
     MMS-DOP Enhancements (see attached)*                                32,000
     MMS Installation Labor                                              33,000
     Travel Expenses                                                 Cost + 15%
     PLC-AP Computer Hardware & Software                                 45,000
     Workstation Queuing Scanners                                        33,725

     CONVEYOR SYSTEM ESTIMATE
     Conveyor Hardware                                                1,570,480
     Conveyor Project Management                                       Included
     Conveyor Installation                                              192,030
     Conveyor Electrical Equipment                                     Included
     PLC Software                                                      Included
     Conveyor Electrical Installation                                   189,799
     Omni Scanner & Sorter Tracking Scanners                            146,808
     Engineering & Project Management                                   236,500
     Conveyor & Shelving Teardown and Removal                         by United

SYSTEM TOTALS                                                        $5,210,000

<PAGE>

   MMS-DOP ENHANCEMENTS

               _    Maximum Number of Destinations per Carton

               _    Update System Configuration

               _    Manual Carton Induction

               _    Next Available Carousel

               _    Supervisor Transaction

               _    Part Description Field

               _    Wrap and Label

               _    "More To Follow"

<PAGE>

          Cost Includes:
          -------------
          a.   All physical system components
          b.   All mechanical installation
          c.   Electrical installation within system (includes (1) 120 volt
               outlet and supply per workstation)
          d.   Uncrating of materials
          e.   Area cleanup (disposal of package material extra)
          f.   All operator and maintenance training
          g.   Documentation - (drawings, installation manuals)
          h.   Software
          i.   Standard hardware warranty (parts only) - 1 year
          j.   Standard software warranty - 1 year.
          k.   Token ring installation
          l.   Unloading of Truck

          COST DOES NOT INCLUDE:
          ----------------------
          a.   Main Electrical supply or hookup
          b.   Facilities Modifications
          c.   State & local taxes
          d.   Product movement
          e.   Workstations, benches, computer stands at Packing, Pods,
               Mark-out, etc.
          f.   Rear fence guards
          g.   Freight
          h.   Conveyor & shelving teardown, removal and reworking
          j.   Permits - Electrical


     OPTIONS

     Hardware Maintenance Audit (Carousels and Conveyor)
     --------------------------

               Labor - 12 carousel pods                                $23,100
               Expenses                                             Cost + 15%
               Additional Work:
                    Weekdays @ $62.00 per hour
                    Saturday @ $77.00 per hour
                    Sunday @ $93.00 per hour

     Maximum Telephone Software Support
     ----------------------------------
          One time startup fee                                         $   750
          Cost per month                                                 1,200
          Hourly usage fee                                                 165

<PAGE>

10.  PAYMENT TERMS

     Hardware, software, installation, and freight, as applicable, are
     independent of one another with respect to the payment schedule.

     PAYMENT SCHEDULE


     Down Payment                         $1,042,000.00             Invoiced
     Credit Conveyor Shipment               (650,000.00)            Invoiced

     Deliver Conveyor                  34%  $221,000.00             Invoiced
                                       34%   221,000.00
                                       32%   208,000.00

     Complete Installation of:     1st Pod  $410,000.00
                                   2nd Pod   249,390.90
                                   3rd Pod   249,390.90
                                   4th Pod   249,390.90
                                   5th Pod   249,390.90
                                   6th Pod   249,390.90
                                   7th Pod   249,390.90
                                   8th Pod   249,390.90
                                   9th Pod   249,390.90
                                  10th Pod   249,390.90
                                  11th Pod   249,390.90
                                  12th Pod   249,391.00

System Acceptance                           $364,700.00


All payments are net 10 days.

A discount of 1/2% per payment will apply if payment(s) are received in advance
of the due date.  A 1/2% penalty per payment will apply if payment is not
received within 10 days of due date.

     FREIGHT

       Carousel Hardware and Conveyor:    FOB United Stationers, freight
                                          third party billing to United
                                          Stationers
       Computer Hardware:       FOB Shipping Point - Collect

       Quote Valid:  30 days from quotation date

<PAGE>

COMPUTER BILL OF MATERIAL

 ITEM  PART NUMBER    DESCRIPTION OF PART NUMBER

 A                    Dedicated Network Server
       85950MF        PS/2 Model 95 486/50
                              400NB Disk Drive SCSI
                              16MB RAM
       6451109        Microchannel Disk Adapter # 2
       34F0035        SCSI Cable to Disk Drive
       6451235        PS/2 SCSI Disk Drive, 400MB
       8504001        IBM Monochrome Monitor
       53F5500        IBM Control Access Unit    [By U.S.]
       53F5501        IBM Lobe Attach Module     [By U.S.]
       74F4140        IBM Busmaster Adapter/A
       85F0796        IBM Novell Netware version 3.11 100 user license
       DAC            Dataflex 2.3 Run Time License
       White          Installation & Generation Sundries
       92F2692        IBM DOS 5.0 Additional License
       ME115KV        Best Model 1. 15KVa (800 watts)

 B                    System Supervisor Workstation
       855725X        PS/2 Model 57 386SLC Remote ROM Token Ring
       8512001        IBM VGA Monitor 14"
       92F6425        IBM DOS 5.0 Additional License
       2381001        IBM Personal Printer II Wide Cartridge


<PAGE>


 ITEM  PART NUMBER    DESCRIPTION OF PART NUMBER

 C                    Online Communications
       855725X        PS/2 Model 57 386SLC   Remote ROM Token Ring
       8504001        Monochrome Monitor 14"

       XComm-PC       XComm PC APPC Software
       CrossCom       Bridge to T1 Network
       92F2692        IBM DOS 5.0 Additional License

 D                    Manual Induction Station
       855725X        PS/2 Model 57 386SLC Remote ROM Token Ring
       8512001        VGA Monitor 14"
       1545/9710      Intermec VLD Scanner, Wedge Reader
      92F2692         IBM DOS 5.0 Additional License

E                    Packing Station
      855725X        PS/2 Model 57 386SLC Remote ROM Token Ring
      8512001        VGA Monitor 14"
      4019-EOI       IBM Laser Printer (5PPM)
      92F2692        IBM DOS 5.0 Additional License

F                    Automated Workcell Station
      855725X        PS/2 Model 57 386SLC Remote ROM Token Ring
      8512001        VGA Monitor 14"
      1545/9710      Intermec VLD Scanner, Wedge Reader
      92F2692        IBM DOS 5.0 Additional License
      White          Cable from PS/2 to Control


<PAGE>

 ITEM PART NUMBER     DESCRIPTION OF PART NUMBER

 G                    PLC Interface
        855725X       PS/2 Model 57 386SLC Remote ROM Token Ring
        8504001       IBM Monochrome Monitor
        AB1784 KT2    Allen-Bradley PLC Comm Module
        92F2692       IBM DOS 5.0 Additional License

 H                    Markout Station
        855725X       PS/2 Model 57 386SLC Remote ROM Token Ring
        8512001       VGA Monitor 14"
        2381001       IBM Personal Printer 11 Wide Carriage
        1545/9570     Intermec VLD Scanner, Wedge Reader
        92F2692       IBM DOS 5.0 Additional License

 I                    System Download
        855725X       PS/2 Model 57 386SLC Remote ROM Token Ring
        8504001       Monochrome Monitor 14"
        92F2692       IBM DOS 5.0 Additional License

 J                    Replacement PS/2 & Peripherals
        855725X       PS/2 Model 57 386SLC Remote ROM Token Ring
        8512001       VGA Monitor 14"
        4019-EOI      IBM Laser Printer 5PPM
        1545/9570     Intermec VLD Scanner, Wedge Reader
        92F2692       IBM DOS 5.0 Additional License

<PAGE>

 ITEM   PART NUMBER   DESCRIPTION OF PART NUMBER

 K                    Replacement Network Server
        85950MF       PS/2 Model 95 486/50
                              400MB Disk Drive SCSI
                              16MB RAM
        6451109       Microchannel Disk Adapter # 2
        34F0035       SCSI Cable to Disk Drive
        6451235       PS/2 SCSI Disk Drive, 400MB
        8504001       IBM Monochrome Monitor
        53F5500       IBM Control Access Unit
        53F5501       IBM Lobe Attach Module
        74F4140       IBM Busmaster Adapter/A
        85F0796       IBM Novell Netware version 3.11 100 user license
        DAC           Dataflex 2.3 Run Time License
        White         Installation & Generation Sundries
        92F2692       IBM DOS 5.0 Additional License
        ME115KV       Best Model 1. 15KVa (800 watts)

 L                    Shipping Inquiry Station
        855725X       PS/2 Model 57 386SLC Remote ROM Token Ring
        8512001       VGA Monitor 14"
        2381001       IBM Personal Printer II Wide Carriage
        92F2692       IBM DOS 5.0 Additional License

<PAGE>

 ITEM  PART NUMBER    DESCRIPTION OF PART NUMBER

 M                    System Support Station
        855725X       PS/2 Model 57 386SLC Remote ROM Token Ring
        8512001       IBM VGA Monitor 14"
        92F6425       IBM DOS 5.0 Additional License
        6451121       2.3GByte SCSI Tape Drive
        0800830       Hayes Ultra Modem 9600 V.32
        Nicrocom      Carbon Copy Plus Remote User
        2381001       IBM Personal Printer II Wide Carriage

<PAGE>

4. SYSTEM IMPLEMENTATION

PROJECT MANAGEMENT
Upon approval of this quotation and Design Specification, White's Project
Leader will coordinate activities with White, United Stationers and all
third parties as required, conduct progress reviews and maintain contact
with the customer Project Manager.

INSTALLATION
White will have an installation supervisor and crew whose size and personnel
will vary as the installation progresses.  The work schedule will be defined
and an installation plan mutually established which will meet the project
schedule specifications. White will supply all the necessary hand tools and
materials to perform installation.  Installation will be performed by
non-union labor. Receiving, unloading, and transporting the material to the
work site are not included in this quotation.

5.  OPERATOR TRAINING

MECHANICAL TRAINING
    White will conduct a training session to provide user orientation for
operation of the hardware and controls.  This session will describe proper
operation, daily care, and periodic maintenance.  White will also supply
documentation as it pertains to the mechanical, electrical, and controls of
the system.  White will supply an outline of this training.

    SOFTWARE TRAINING
    White will provide four (4) days of on site hands-on training for the
    mutually acceptable personnel.  Topics to be covered include:

        System Start-up
        Supervisory Operations
        Carousel Workcell Operations
        Packing Station Operations
        Markout Station Operations
        System Backup and Restore
        Remote Support
        Computer Equipment


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>14
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 13
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                      EXHIBIT 13

REPORT OF MANAGEMENT

     The management of United Stationers Inc. is primarily responsible for the
information and representations contained in this annual report.  The financial
statements and related notes were prepared in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles and include amounts that are based on management's best
judgments and estimates.  The other financial information included in this
annual report is consistent with that in the financial statements.

     In meeting its responsibility for the reliability of the financial
statements, the Company depends on its system of internal accounting controls.
The system is designed to provide reasonable assurance that assets are
safeguarded and that transactions are executed as authorized and are properly
recorded.  The system is augmented by written policies and an internal audit
department.

     The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, composed solely of directors
who are not officers or employees, meets regularly with management, with the
Company's internal auditors and with its independent certified public
accountants to discuss its evaluation of internal accounting controls and the
quality of financial reporting.  The independent auditors and the internal
auditors have free access to the Audit Committee, without management's presence.

<PAGE>

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS

TO THE STOCKHOLDERS AND BOARD OF
DIRECTORS OF UNITED STATIONERS INC. :

     We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of UNITED
STATIONERS INC. (a Delaware Corporation) AND SUBSIDIARIES as of August 31, 1994
and 1993, and the related consolidated statements of income, changes in
stockholders' investment and cash flows for fiscal years ended August 31, 1994,
1993 and 1992.  These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.

     We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards.  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are
free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial
statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation.  We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

     In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of United
Stationers Inc. and Subsidiaries as of August 31, 1994 and 1993, and the results
of its operations and its cash flows for the fiscal years ended August 31, 1994,
1993 and 1992, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.

     ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP
     Chicago, Illinois,
     October 6, 1994.

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

QUARTERLY STOCK PRICE DATA
United Stationers Inc.

- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                               Common Stock
                                                                Price Range
                                                          (Last Sale Price)
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                        <C>                      <C>

YEAR ENDED AUG. 31, 1994                       LOW                     HIGH
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
First Quarter                              $    13                  -16 1/4
Second Quarter                              12 7/8                  -15 3/4
Third Quarter                               10 3/4                  -15 1/4
Fourth Quarter                               8 7/8                      -11
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Year Ended Aug. 31, 1993                       Low                     High
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
First Quarter                              $12 1/2                      -16
Second Quarter                              15 1/2                      -20
Third Quarter                               16 1/4                      -19
Fourth Quarter                              12 3/4                      -17
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


Shown to the left is the last sale price of the Company's common stock, as
quoted by NASDAQ.  The Company's common stock is included in the National
Assoication of Securities Dealers, Inc.  The number of holders of record of
the Company's common stock as of Sept. 30, 1994 was 1,393.

<PAGE>

QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA(1) (IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS, EXCEPT SHARE DATA)
UNAUDITED
United Stationers Inc. and Subsidiaries
- - -----------------------------------------------------------------------
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                       Gross                      Earnings      Dividends      Wtd. Avg.
                                          Net         Profit            Net            Per           Paid         Shares
                                        Sales       on Sales         Income          Share      Per Share    Outstanding
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                <C>             <C>              <C>           <C>           <C>          <C>

YEAR ENDED AUG. 31, 1994
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
First Quarter                      $  370,597      $  84,774        $ 5,924          $0.32          $0.10     18,582,939
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Second Quarter                        369,988         82,560          3,844           0.21           0.10     18,587,082
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Third Quarter                         360,022         77,541          2,235           0.12           0.10     18,588,828
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Fourth Quarter                        372,417         78,026          3,746           0.20           0.10     18,590,226
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Totals                             $1,473,024       $322,901        $15,749          $0.85          $0.40     18,587,282
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
YEAR ENDED AUG. 31, 1993
First Quarter                      $  365,321       $ 81,824        $ 5,111          $0.28          $0.10     18,539,129
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Second Quarter                        378,818         86,809          5,573           0.30           0.10     18,555,082
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Third Quarter                         365,791         86,056          4,826           0.26           0.10     18,567,498
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Fourth Quarter                        360,185         89,830          5,850           0.31           0.10     18,576,370
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Totals                             $1,470,115       $344,519        $21,360          $1.15          $0.40     18,559,600
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<FN>
(1) Refer to accompanying financial statements and the notes thereto.


</TABLE>

<PAGE>

SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION(1) (IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS, EXCEPT SHARE DATA)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

United Stationers Inc. and Subsidiaries
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

For the Fiscal Year Ended                      Aug. 31, 1994       Aug. 31, 1993       Aug. 31, 1992       Aug. 31, 1991
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                            <C>                 <C>                 <C>                 <C>

Net Sales                                        $ 1,473,024         $ 1,470,115         $ 1,094,275         $   951,109
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Gross Profit on Sales                                322,901             344,519             245,687             218,708
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Operating Expenses                                   286,607             298,405             219,285             195,694
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income from Operations                                36,294              46,114              26,402              23,014
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income Taxes                                          10,309              15,559               8,899               7,008
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net Income                                            15,749              21,360              11,364               9,910
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net Income Per Common Share                             0.85                1.15                0.71                0.64
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash Dividends Declared and Paid Per Share              0.40                0.40                0.40                0.40
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Weighted Average Common Shares and
Common Share Equivalents Outstanding              18,587,282          18,559,600          16,088,450          15,518,654
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Capital Expenditures -- Net(2)                   $    10,499             $29,958         $     8,291         $    15,765
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
As of Fiscal Year End
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Current Assets                                   $   404,498            $416,919            $398,239            $258,728
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Assets                                         587,257             609,234             577,671             391,457
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Current Liabilities                                  164,671             200,845             183,628             123,381
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Working Capital                                      239,827             216,074             214,611             135,347
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Long-term Obligations                                159,149             156,208             156,276              68,867
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Stockholders' Investment                             246,010             237,697             223,387             181,584
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Common Shares Outstanding                         18,590,226          18,576,634          18,536,926          15,518,555
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Book Value Per Share Outstanding                 $     13.23         $     12.80         $     12.05         $     11.70
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<FN>
(1)Refer to accompanying financial statements and the notes thereto.  (2) Includes capitalized leases.

</TABLE>


<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

For the Fiscal Year Ended             Aug. 31, 1990  Aug. 31, 1989  Aug. 31, 1988  Aug. 31, 1987  Aug. 31, 1986  Aug. 25, 1985
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                     <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>

Net Sales                               $  993,178     $  968,762     $  855,961     $  729,880     $  631,984     $  546,320
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Gross Profit on Sales                      224,230        232,845        211,536        178,615        155,728        142,661
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Operating Expenses                         195,863        187,421        169,289        146,060        126,733        113,561
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income from Operations                      28,367         45,424         42,247         32,555         28,995         29,100
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income Taxes                                 8,523         15,713         14,963         14,009         11,822         12,037
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net Income                                  12,838         24,715         23,147         15,118         14,241         14,010
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net Income Per Common Share                   0.83           1.60           1.50           0.99           0.96           1.02
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash Dividends Declared and Paid Per Share    0.40           0.36           0.29           0.24           0.23           0.19
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Weighted Average Common Shares and
Common Share Equivalents Outstanding    15,494,772     15,470,580     15,411,505     15,331,811     14,845,833     13,750,055
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Capital Expenditures -- Net(2)           $  15,067      $  41,235      $   9,903      $  23,454      $  11,567      $  26,057
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
As of Fiscal Year End
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Current Assets                           $ 250,226      $ 253,269      $ 266,929      $ 206,155      $ 167,410      $ 135,122
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Assets                               383,512        381,776        358,899        294,692        249,801        211,032
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Current Liabilities                        115,806        121,876        125,321        101,579         71,320         81,468
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Working Capital                            134,420        131,393        141,608        104,576         96,090         53,654
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Long-term Obligations                       73,122         75,644         73,777         54,383         53,238         47,066
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Stockholders' Investment                   177,777        170,894        151,088        131,982        120,009         78,663
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Common Shares Outstanding               15,504,606     15,487,242     15,430,684     15,355,002     15,305,700     13,762,783
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Book Value Per Share Outstanding         $   11.47      $   11.03       $   9.79        $  8.60        $  7.84        $  5.72
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<FN>

(1)Refer to accompanying financial statements and the notes thereto.  (2) Includes
capitalized leases.

</TABLE>


<PAGE>

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS, EXCEPT SHARE DATA)
UNITED STATIONERS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                         Aug. 31,       Aug. 31,
ASSETS                                                     1994           1993
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                     <C>            <C>
CURRENT ASSETS
Cash and cash equivalents                               $  6,920       $  7,889
Accounts receivable, less reserves for doubtful
  accounts of $4,010 in 1994 and $3,964 in
  1993 and reserves for sales returns, rebates,
  and allowances of $25,509 in 1994 and
  $25,552 in 1993                                        156,272        162,844

Inventories                                              225,794        229,760

Deferred income taxes and prepaid expenses                15,512         16,426
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total current assets                                    $404,498       $416,919
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, AT COST

Land and buildings                                      $ 92,099        $90,147

Fixtures and equipment                                   150,630        143,415

Leasehold improvements                                        36             46

Assets under capital leases                                1,163          1,210
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total property, plant and equipment                     $243,928       $234,818

Less -- Accumulated depreciation and amortization        114,364         97,182
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net property, plant and equipment                       $129,564       $137,636
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
GOODWILL, NET                                           $ 42,369       $ 43,484
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
OTHER ASSETS                                            $ 10,826       $ 11,195
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total assets                                            $587,257       $609,234
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part
of these balance sheets.


<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                        Aug. 31,       Aug. 31,
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' INVESTMENT                  1994           1993
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                     <C>            <C>
CURRENT LIABILITIES

Short-term debt and current maturities
of long-term obligations                                $  6,338       $  3,448

Accounts payable                                         121,793        150,374

Accrued expenses                                          33,762         43,623

Accrued income taxes                                       2,778          3,400
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Total current liabilities                               $164,671       $200,845
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

DEFERRED INCOME TAXES                                   $ 17,427        $14,484
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

LONG-TERM OBLIGATIONS

Long-term debt                                          $149,465       $146,735

Capital leases                                                --             68

Other liabilities                                          9,684          9,405
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Total long-term obligations                             $159,149       $156,208
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

STOCKHOLDERS' INVESTMENT

Preferred stock, no par value, authorized
  1,500,000 shares, no shares issued or outstanding     $     --        $    --

Common stock, $.10 par value, authorized
  40,000,000 shares, issued
  18,592,054 shares in 1994 and
  18,586,627 shares in 1993                                1,859          1,859

Capital in excess of par value                            91,729         91,687

Retained earnings                                        152,448        144,292

Less -- 1,828 shares and 9,993 shares
  of common stock in treasury at cost
  in 1994 and 1993, respectively                             (26)          (141)
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Total stockholders' investment                          $246,010       $237,697
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Total liabilities and stockholders' investment          $587,257       $609,234
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

</TABLE>



<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS, EXCEPT SHARE DATA)
UNITED STATIONERS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

FOR THE YEAR ENDED               Aug. 31, 1994       Aug. 31, 1993   Aug. 31, 1992
- - ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                              <C>                 <C>             <C>
NET SALES                          $1,473,024          $1,470,115     $1,094,275
COST OF SALES                       1,150,123           1,125,596        848,588
- - ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Gross profit on sales              $  322,901          $  344,519      $ 245,687
- - ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
OPERATING EXPENSES
Warehousing, marketing and
  administrative expenses          $  286,607           $ 298,405      $ 213,372
Restructuring charge                       --                  --          5,913
- - ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Total operating expenses           $  286,607           $ 298,405       $219,285
- - ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Income from operations             $   36,294           $  46,114       $ 26,402
- - ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE)
Interest expense                   $  (10,722)          $  (9,849)      $ (6,980)
Interest income                           261                 299            477
Other, net                                225                 355            364
- - ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Total other income (expense)       $  (10,236)          $  (9,195)      $ (6,139)
- - ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Income before income taxes         $   26,058           $  36,919       $ 20,263
Income Taxes                           10,309              15,559          8,899
- - ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NET INCOME                         $   15,749           $  21,360       $ 11,364
- - ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- - ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF
  COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING        18,587,282          18,559,600     16,088,450
- - ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- - ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NET INCOME PER COMMON SHARE          $   0.85             $  1.15        $  0.71
- - ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- - ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part
of these statements.


<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Investment (IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS, EXCEPT SHARE DATA) United Stationers Inc.
and Subsidiaries

- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                    Number of                  Capital in                                     Total
                                     Common        Common       Excess of      Retained     Treasury    Stockholders'
                                     Shares        Stock        Par Value      Earnings       Stock      Investment
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                <C>             <C>          <C>            <C>          <C>         <C>
Balance, August 31, 1991           15,535,013      $1,554        $54,557       $125,704       $(231)       $181,584
Net Income                                 --          --             --         11,364          --          11,364
Issuance of common shares           3,016,169         301         36,643             --          --          36,944
Cash dividends - $.40 per
  share on common stock                    --          --             --         (6,535)         --          (6,535)
Disposition of treasury stock              --          --             --             --          30              30
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance, August 31, 1992           18,551,182      $1,855        $91,200       $130,533       $(201)       $223,387
 Net Income                                --          --             --         21,360          --          21,360
Issuance of common shares              35,445           4            487             --          --             491
Cash dividends - $.40 per
  share on common stock                    --          --             --         (7,601)         --          (7,601)
Disposition of treasury stock              --          --             --             --          60              60
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance, August 31, 1993           18,586,627      $1,859        $91,687       $144,292       $(141)       $237,697
Net Income                                 --          --             --         15,749          --          15,749
Issuance of common shares               5,427          --             42             --          --              42
Cash dividends - $.40 per
  share on common stock                    --          --             --         (7,593)         --          (7,593)
Disposition of treasury stock              --          --             --             --         115             115

- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance, August 31, 1994           18,592,054      $1,859        $91,729       $152,448        $(26)       $246,010
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part
of these statements.

<PAGE>

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS)
UNITED STATIONERS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

FOR THE YEAR ENDED                                              Aug. 31, 1994       Aug. 31, 1993        Aug. 31, 1992
<S>                                                             <C>                 <C>                  <C>
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
Net Income                                                         $ 15,749            $ 21,360            $ 11,364

 ADJUSTMENTS TO RECONCILE NET INCOME TO NET CASH PROVIDED BY
 (USED IN) OPERATING ACTIVITIES, NET OF SDC PURCHASE:
Loss on sale of fixed assets                                        $   579             $   476            $     55
Depreciation and amortization                                        21,236              21,243              19,879
Increase/(decrease) in deferred taxes                                 2,943               2,261              (8,240)
(Decrease)/increase in accounts payable                             (28,581)             15,259               7,195
(Decrease)/increase in accrued liabilities                          (13,263)              1,897              (8,189)
Decrease/(increase) in accounts receivable                            6,572             (18,258)             (7,388)
Decrease/(increase) in inventories                                    3,966              (7,353)            (15,776)
Decrease in prepaid expenses                                            914               1,392               3,940
Increase in other assets                                             (2,007)             (2,275)             (5,378)
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Adjustments                                                   $(7,641)             14,642            ($13,902)
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating
Activities                                                          $ 8,108             $36,002             $(2,538)
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash Flows from Investing Activities

Acquisition of property, plant and equipment                       ($10,719)           ($30,008)            ($8,342)

Proceeds from disposition of property,
  plant and equipment                                                   220                  50                  51

Payment for purchase of SDC,
  net of cash acquired of$2,480                                          --                  --             (37,338)
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Net Cash Used in Investing Activities                              ($10,499)           ($29,958)           ($45,629)
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Cash Flows From Financing Activities

(Decrease)/increase in short-term debt                              $(2,855)             $ (481)            $ 1,636
Payments on long-term obligations                                    (1,533)             (4,537)             (4,213)
Additions to long-term obligations                                   13,246               1,971              57,460
Issuance of common shares                                                42                 491                 164
Payment of dividends                                                 (7,593)             (7,601)             (6,535)
Disposition of treasury stock                                           115                  60                  30
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net Cash Provided by (Used In)
  Financing Activities                                              $ 1,422            $(10,097)            $48,542
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net (decrease)/increase in cash and
  cash equivalents                                                  $  (969)           $ (4,053)               $375
Cash and Cash Equivalents at the beginning
  of the year                                                         7,889              11,942              11,567
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash and Cash Equivalents at the
  End of the Year                                                   $ 6,920              $7,889             $11,942
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information


Cash paid during the year for:
Interest (net of amount capitalized)                                $10,199              $8,972              $6,722
Income taxes                                                          6,229              18,395              14,489

</TABLE>


<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Supplemental Schedule of Noncash Investing and Financing Activities
<S>                                                                   <C>                 <C>              <C>
Fair value of assets acquired                                         $  --               $  --            $175,359
Cash paid                                                                --                  --             (39,818)
Common stock issued                                                      --                  --             (36,780)
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Liabilities assumed/incurred                                          $  --                $ --            $ 98,761
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Investment in business venture                                        $  --                $742               $  --
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part
of these statements.


<PAGE>

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
UNITED STATIONERS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
     POLICIES
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION

     The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of United
Stationers Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries ("the Company").  Investments
in 20% to 50% owned companies are accounted for by the equity method.  All
significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in
consolidation.  Certain prior-year amounts have been reclassified to conform
with current-year presentations.

FISCAL YEAR

     The Company's fiscal year ends on August 31.  Unless otherwise stated,
references to years relate to fiscal years.

REVENUE RECOGNITION

     Sales and provisions for estimated sales returns and allowances are
recorded at the time of shipment.

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

     Investments in low-risk instruments that may be liquidated within three
months from the purchase date are considered to be cash equivalents.  Cash
equivalents are stated at cost which approximates market value.

INVENTORIES

     Inventories constituting approximately 82% of total inventories both at
August 31, 1994 and at August 31, 1993 have been valued under the last-in,
first-out (LIFO) method with the remainder of the inventory valued under the
firstin, first-out (FIFO) method.  Inventory valued under the FIFO and LIFO
accounting methods are recorded at the lower of cost or market.  If the lower of
FIFO cost or market method of inventory accounting had been used by the Company
for all inventories, merchandise inventories would have been approximately
$18,854,000 and $16,679,000 higher than reported at August 31, 1994 and 1993,
respectively.

     In 1994, liquidations of certain LIFO inventories had the effect of
increasing net earnings by $830,000 or $0.04 per share.  During both 1993 and
1992, LIFO inventories did not sustain liquidations.

DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION

     Depreciation and amortization are determined by using the straight-line
method over the estimated useful lives of the assets.

     The estimated useful life assigned to fixtures and equipment is from two to
10 years; the estimated useful life assigned to buildings does not exceed 40
years; leasehold improvements and assets under capital leases are amortized over
the lesser of their useful lives or the term of the applicable lease.

     Goodwill reflecting the excess of cost over the value of net assets of
businesses acquired is being amortized on a straight-line basis over 40 years.
The cumulative amount of goodwill amortized at August 31, 1994 and 1993 is
$2,315,000 and $1,200,000, respectively.


<PAGE>

SOFTWARE CAPITALIZATION

     The Company capitalizes major internal and external systems development
costs determined to have benefits for future periods.  Amortization expense is
recognized over the periods in which the benefits are realized, generally not to
exceed three years.  Systems development costs capitalized were $2,166,000,
$1,955,000 and $4,202,000 in 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively.  Amortization
expense was $2,376,000, $2,946,000 and $3,384,000 in 1994, 1993 and 1992,
respectively.


<PAGE>

FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

     The Company's financial instruments consist primarily of cash and cash
equivalents, trade receivables, trade payables and debt instruments.  The book
value of cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables and trade payables are
considered to be representative of their respective fair values.

     Borrowings under the Company's Reducing Revolving Credit and Term Loan
Agreement are considered to be at fair market value.  The Company had
approximately $62.7 million and $66.1 million of long-term debt (excluding
borrowings under the Company's Reducing Revolving Credit and Term Loan
Agreement) outstanding as of August 31, 1994 and 1993, respectively.  The
approximate fair value was $59.8 million and $68.0 million as of August 31, 1994
and 1993, respectively.  The fair value is based on the current rates offered to
the Company for debt of similar maturities.  The fair values on the long-term
debt financial instruments are not necessarily indicative of the amounts that
would be realized in a current market exchange and exclude any liquidation or
origination costs.

FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION

     All assets and liabilities of the Company's foreign operations are
translated at current exchange rates. Revenues and expenses are translated at
average exchange rates for the year in accordance with Statement of Financial
Accounting Standard No. 52.  The amounts for all years presented were
immaterial.

EARNINGS PER SHARE

     Earnings per share and the effect on earnings per share of potentially
dilutive stock options are computed by the treasury stock method.  This
computation takes into account the weighted average number of shares outstanding
during each year, outstanding stock options and their exercise prices, and the
market price of the stock throughout the year.  The exercise of outstanding
stock options would not result in a material dilution of earnings per share.


<PAGE>

2.   BUSINESS COMBINATION AND RESTRUCTURING CHARGE
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     On June 24, 1992, the Company acquired all of the outstanding capital stock
of SDC Distributing Corp., parent of Stationers Distributing Company, Inc.
("SDC").  The results of operations of SDC have been included in the Company's
consolidated financial statements since June 25, 1992.

     The following summarized unaudited pro forma results of operations for the
years ended August 31, 1992 and 1991 assume the acquisition occurred at the
beginning of the respective periods.  These pro forma results have been prepared
for comparative purposes only and do not purport to be indicative of the results
of operations that actually would have resulted had the combination been in
effect on the dates indicated, or which may result in the future.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS, EXCEPT SHARE DATA)(UNAUDITED)     1992          1991
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                     <C>          <C>
Net Sales                                               $1,445,900   $1,378,734
Net Income                                                  20,444       14,070
Net Income per Share                                          1.10         0.76


</TABLE>

     In the fourth quarter of 1992, the Company recorded a $5.9 million pre-tax
restructuring charge related to severance payments and closing of certain
facilities associated with the acquisition.



<PAGE>

3.  Long-Term Debt
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Long-term debt consists of the following amounts (in thousands of dollars):

                                                                  1994        1993
- - -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                             <C>        <C>
Mortgages, 9.0% to 12.5%, due in installments
   until 2002, secured by the Regional Distribution
   Centers in Livonia, Michigan; Pennsauken,
   New Jersey; Dallas, Texas; Woburn, Massachusetts;
   and The City of Industry, .................................   $13,182      $13,615
Industrial development bonds, interest at 69%
   of prime, maturing in 2015, secured by land,
   buildings and certain equipment located in
   Edison, New Jersey ........................................     8,000        8,000
Industrial development bonds, at market interest
   rates, maturing at various dates through 2005 .............    14,300       14,300
Industrial development bonds, at 66% to 79% of prime,
   maturing at various dates through 2011 ....................    15,500       15,500
Unsecured loan, at 9.65%, maturing at various dates
   through 1998 ..............................................    11,450       14,300
Other long-term debt .........................................       303          356
Term Loan ....................................................    30,000       30,000
Revolver .....................................................    63,000       54,000
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                $155,735     $150,071
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Less -- current maturities ...................................     6,270        3,336

- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                $149,465     $146,735
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

     The prevailing prime interest rate at the end of 1994 and 1993 was 7.8% and
6.0%, respectively.

     The Company has a $160.0 million Reducing Revolving Credit and Term
Loan Agreement ("Credit Agreement") with a group of seven lenders (the
"Lenders").  The Credit Agreement consists of a $130.0 million revolving credit
facility ("Revolver") and a $30.0 million term loan ("Term Loan"). Proceeds are
used to finance working capital requirements and capital expenditures of the
Company.

     The Revolver provides for revolving credit loans up to the amount of the
commitment until August 31, 1997, at the Company's option.  The initial $130.0
million commitment decreases to $83.6 million as of August 31, 1997 based on
quarterly decreases which began in May 1994 as specified in the Credit
Agreement.  As of August 31, 1994, the Revolver commitment is $126.0 million.
Under the terms of the Credit Agreement, the Company is required to pay a
facility fee of 3/16 of 1% of the total available Revolver.  The Term Loan (as
amended) matures on September 30, 1995 (or earlier upon certain subsequent
offerings by the Company of debt or equity).  The Term Loan can be prepaid
without penalty.  Interest on both loans is payable at varying rates provided
for in the Credit Agreement.

     The Credit Agreement contains certain financial covenants covering the
Company and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, including, without
limitation, covenants relating to the consolidated current ratio, tangible net
worth, capitalization, fixed charge coverage, capital expenditures and payment
of dividends by the Company.


<PAGE>

     During 1994, the Company re-negotiated the repayment schedule of certain of
its debt, resulting in the reclassification of approximately $1.3 million from
short-term to long-term debt.

     The net book value of assets subject to secured mortgages and industrial
development bonds as of August 31, 1994 and 1993 was $28,610,000 and
$28,962,000, respectively.

     Maturities of long-term debt (excluding amounts borrowed under the Credit
Agreement), for the years following the period ended August 31, 1994, are as
follows (in thousands of dollars):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Year                                                                    Amount
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                    <C>
1995.................................................................  $ 6,270
1996.................................................................    7,352
1997.................................................................    8,201
1998.................................................................    8,805
1999.................................................................    2,961
Later years..........................................................   29,146
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                       $62,735
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

4.   Pension Plans and Postretirement Benefits
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     The Company has pension plans in effect for substantially all employees.
Non-contributory plans covering non-union employees provide pension benefits
that are based on years of credited service and a percentage of annual
compensation.  Non-contributory plans covering union members generally provide
benefits of stated amounts based on years of service.  The Company funds the
plans in accordance with current tax laws.

     The Company also has a non-contributory, non-qualified plan ("Supplemental
Benefits Plan") in effect for certain executives.  The Company has not funded
this plan.

     Pension expense in 1994, 1993 and 1992 was approximately $1,755,000,
$1,269,000 and $866,000, respectively.

     The following table sets forth the plans' funded status at August 31,
1994 and August 31, 1993 (in thousands of dollars):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                 Supplemental
                                                           Pension Plans         Benefit Plans
                                                         --------------------------------------
                                                         1994        1993        1994      1993
- - -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                   <C>         <C>          <C>       <C>
Actuarial Present Value of Benefits Obligation
     Vested benefits                                  $15,215     $15,063      $  549    $  442
     Non-vested benefits                                1,887       1,702          16         4

- - -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Accumulated benefits obligation                       $17,102     $16,765      $  565    $  446
Effect of projected future compensation levels          2,982       2,356         328       119
- - -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Projected benefits obligation                         $20,084     $19,121      $  893    $  565
Plan assets at fair value                              21,000      20,875          --        --
- - -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Projected benefits obligation less than
     (in excess of) plan assets                         $ 916     $ 1,754     $ (893)   $ (565)
Unrecognized net gain due to past
     experience different from assumptions                266       (279)         189       (9)
Unrecognized prior service cost                         1,347       1,270         131       160
Unrecognized net obligation (asset) at
     September 1, 1985 to be amortized over
     3 to 12 years in 1994 and
     4 to 13 years in 1993                              (467)       (561)          90       120
- - -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Prepaid (accrued) pension liability recognized
     in Consolidated Balance Sheets                   $ 2,062     $ 2,184      $(483)    $(294)
- - -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- - -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


</TABLE>


<PAGE>

     The plans' assets consist of debt securities, equity securities and
government securities.  Net periodic pension cost for 1994, 1993 and 1992 for
pension and supplemental benefits plans includes the following components (in
thousands of dollars):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                  1994         1993         1992
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                            <C>          <C>           <C>
Service cost - benefits earned during
     the period                                $1,863       $1,293        $1,055
Interest cost on projected benefits
     obligation                                 1,436        1,209           952
Actual return on assets                           263      (3,235)         (983)
Net amortization and deferral                 (1,807)        2,002         (158)
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net periodic pension cost                      $1,755       $1,269        $  866
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

</TABLE>

The projected benefit obligations for 1994, 1993 and 1992 were determined using
an assumed discount rate of 7.5%, 7.25% and 7.5%, respectively.  In 1994 and
1993, the assumed rate of compensation increase ranged from 0% to 5.5%.  In
1992, the assumed compensation increase ranged from 0% to 5%.  The expected
long-term rate of return on assets used in determining net periodic pension cost
was 7.5%.

     The Company provides an unfunded health care plan to substantially all
retired non-union employees and their dependents.  Eligibility requirements are
based on the individual's age (minimum age of 55), years of service and hire
date.  The benefits are subject to retiree contributions, deductibles, co-
payment provisions and other limitations.

     During the first quarter of 1994, the Company adopted Statement of
Financial Accounting Standard No. 106 (SFAS 106), "Employer's Accounting for
Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions." SFAS 106 requires companies to
accrue the expected cost of postretirement health care and life insurance
benefits throughout the employee's active service period. Previously,
postretirement health care costs were recognized as claims were paid.  The
Company has elected to amortize the unfunded Accumulated Postretirement Benefit
Obligation (APBO) of $1,996,474 as of September 1, 1993 over 20 years.

     The assumed health care average cost trend rate used in measuring the APBO
at August 31, 1994 was 11.5% in 1994, 11.0% in 1995, and 3% in 1996 and beyond.
Beginning in 1996, retirees will pay the difference between actual plan costs
and the portion of cost paid by the Company which is limited to a cost trend
rate of 3%.  The assumed discount rate was 7.5%.  A 1% increase in the care cost
trend rate would increase the APBO as of August 31, 1994 by approximately
$272,000 and the sum of the 1994 annual service cost and interest cost by
approximately $64,000.

     Prior to 1994, the cost of providing postretirement health care benefits
net of retiree contributions was $46,777 in 1993 and $33,396 in 1992.












<PAGE>

The cost of postretirement health care benefits for the year ended August 31,
1994 is as follows (in thousands of dollars):

- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                                         <C>
Service cost...........................................................     $246
Interest on accumulated benefits obligation............................      146
Amortization of transition obligation..................................      100
                                                                             ---
Net postretirement benefit cost........................................     $492
                                                                             ---
                                                                             ---
</TABLE>

The following table sets forth the amounts recognized in the Company's
Balance Sheet at August 31, 1994 (in thousands of dollars):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                                     <C>
Retirees                                                                $  (601)
Other active plan participants                                           (1,634)
                                                                        --------
Total APBO                                                              $(2,235)
Unrecognized transition obligation                                         1,897
Unrecognized net (gain)                                                     (76)
                                                                        --------
Accrued postretirement benefit obligation                               $  (414)
                                                                        --------
                                                                        --------
</TABLE>




     The Company has a qualified Profit Sharing Plan in which all salaried
employees and certain hourly paid employees of the Company are eligible to
participate upon completion of six consecutive months of employment.  The Profit
Sharing Plan provides for annual contributions by the Company in an amount
determined by the Board of Directors.  The Plan also permits employees to have
contributions made as 401(k) salary deferrals on their behalf and to make after-
tax voluntary contributions.  The Plan provides that the Company may match
employee contributions as 401(k) salary deferrals.  Company contributions to the
Plan for both profit sharing and matching of employee contributions were
approximately $0.5 million in 1994, $1.4 million in 1993 and $1.0 million in
1992.



<PAGE>

5.  Stock Incentive Plans
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     Under the Directors' Stock Option Plan, the Company granted options for
7,500 shares at a price of $15.25 per share in 1994 and 7,500 shares at a price
of $19.25 per share in 1993.  The Directors' Option Plan provides for the
granting of options covering up to 100,000 shares of the Company's common stock,
subject to anti-dilution adjustments.  Options are exercisable at any time after
they are granted, but for not more than ten years after the option's grant.  As
of August 31, 1994 and 1993, 41,000 and 45,500 options, respectively, were
outstanding at a price range of $8.75 to $22.13 per share.

     Under the Company's 1981 Stock Incentive Award Plan, current options
outstanding have an exercisable life of either five, six or ten years from the
date of grant.  The Company granted certain officers 15,000 and 16,700 shares of
restricted stock in 1992 and 1991, respectively.  There have been no restricted
stock grants since 1992.  The grants of restricted shares resulted in deferred
compensation expense of $699,000 of which $39,000, $132,000 and $185,000 was
recognized in 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively. The unrecognized portion of
deferred compensation was $16,000 and $55,000 as of August 31, 1994 and 1993,
respectively.  Under the terms of the grant, the stock does not vest to the
employee until completion of three years of employment after the date of grant.

     In 1989, the Board of Directors terminated the 1985 Non-qualified Stock
Option Plan so that no further stock options would be issued under this plan.
The termination of the plan did not affect the options previously granted and
outstanding.  No option may be exercised more than ten years after its grant.
Grants made under the plan will expire in years 19961998.

     The following table summarizes the transactions of the 1981 and 1985 Option
Plans for the last two years:







<PAGE>



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1981 Stock Incentive Award Plan                     Option Price                     Option Price
(excluding restricted stock)               1994            Range         1993               Range
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                  <C>           <C>               <C>            <C>
Options outstanding at
 beginning of the year                  891,350     $8.64-$19.39      995,520        $8.64-$19.39
Granted                                 401,050    $10.00-$16.25       18,000       $13.75-$14.00
Exercised                               (3,520)     $8.64-$13.75     (37,040)        $8.64-$17.48
Cancelled                             (151,520)     $8.64-$19.39     (85,130)        $8.64-$19.39
                                      ---------                      --------

Options outstanding at end
 of the year                          1,137,360                       891,350
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<CAPTION>

1985 Non-qualified Stock                            Option Price                     Option Price
Option Plan                                1994            Range         1993               Range
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                     <C>        <C>               <C>            <C>
Options outstanding at
beginning of the year                   109,500    $14.78-$18.09      143,000       $14.78-$18.09
Granted                                       0                -            0                   -
Exercised                                     0                -      (5,000)              $18.09
Cancelled                                     0                -     (28,500)       $14.78-$18.09
                                        -------                      --------
Options outstanding at end
of the year                             109,500                       109,500
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


</TABLE>


<PAGE>

6.  Leases
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     The Company has entered into several non-cancelable long-term leases on
property and equipment.  Future minimum lease payments for non-cancelable leases
in effect at August 31, 1994 having initial remaining terms of more than one
year are as follows (in thousands of dollars):
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                      Operating Leases
                                          --------------------------------------
                              Capital         Lease    Sublease        Net Lease
Year                           Leases      Payments      Income         Payments
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                              <C>        <C>          <C>             <C>
1995                             $ 70       $11,883      $  585          $11,298
1996                               --         9,342         363            8,979
1997                               --         6,388         143            6,245
1998                               --         4,962          49            4,913
1999                               --         6,609           -            6,609
Later years                        --         7,415           -            7,415
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total minimum lease payments     $ 70       $46,599      $1,140          $45,459
                                            ------------------------------------
                                            ------------------------------------


Less--Amount representing interest 2
                                   -

Present value of net minimum
lease payments (including
current portion of $68)          $68
                                 ---
                                 ---

</TABLE>



     Rental expense for all operating leases was approximately $13,549,000,
$14,917,000 and $11,546,000 in 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively.

     Accumulated amortization on assets under capital leases was $1,132,000 and
$1,097,000 at August 31, 1994 and 1993, respectively.


<PAGE>

7.   INCOME TAXES

     The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with Statement of
Financial Accounting Standard No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes," which was
adopted in 1992.

     The Company does not intend to provide Federal income taxes on the
undistributed earnings for its foreign subsidiaries.  The Company's policy is to
leave the income in the country of origin until such time as all Federal income
tax due upon its distribution will be fully offset by foreign tax credits.  As
of August 31, 1994, neither foreign subsidiary had undistributed earnings.

     The Company provides for income taxes at statutory rates based on income
reported for financial statement purposes.  A summary of income tax expense is
shown below (in thousands of dollars):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>



- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                  1994         1993         1992
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                           <C>         <C>           <C>
Taxes currently payable
  Federal                                       $7,059       $7,972       $8,565
  Investment tax credit                              -            -            -
  Other tax credits                                (5)         (10)         (37)
  State                                          1,591        2,274        2,501
Prepaid and deferred taxes                       1,664        5,323      (2,130)
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                               $10,309      $15,559       $8,899
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

     The deferred tax assets and liabilities result from timing differences in
the recognition of certain income and expense items for financial and tax
accounting purposes.  The sources of these differences and the related tax
effects were as follows (in thousands of dollars):
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                          August 31, 1994        August 31, 1993
                                      -------------------    -------------------
                                      Assets  Liabilities    Assets  Liabilities
                                      ------  -----------    ------  -----------
<S>                                 <C>          <C>      <C>            <C>
Reserves for returns,
 rebates and allowances             $ 14,593     $    --   $ 14,250      $   --
Reserves for direct acquisition
 costs                                 1,700          --      3,887           --
Reserves for restructuring charges       332          --      1,720           --
Reserves for worker's compensation
 insurance                             3,905          --      3,818           --
Accelerated depreciation                  --      17,360         --       15,252
Software capitalization                   --       1,595         --        1,913
Inventory reserves and related
 purchase accounting differences          --       7,143         --        7,738
All other                              4,843       2,472      3,613        1,836
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total                                $25,373     $28,570    $27,288      $26,739
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

     In the consolidated balance sheets, these deferred assets and deferred
liabilities are classified as deferred tax assets or deferred income tax
liabilities, based on the classification of the related asset or liability for
financial reporting.  A deferred tax liability or asset that is not related to
an asset or liability for financial reporting, including deferred tax assets
related to carryforwards, are classified according to the expected reversal date
of the temporary difference.


<PAGE>

     A valuation allowance of $1,504,000 was recorded at August 31, 1993. No
valuation allowance was recorded at August 31, 1994.


     The table below records the differences between the statutory income
tax rate and the Company's effective income tax rate:
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                  1994         1993         1992
                                                  ----         ----         ----
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                             <C>           <C>          <C>
Statutory Federal income tax                     35.0%        34.7%        34.0%
State income taxes, net of the Federal
 income tax benefit                                4.8          6.1          6.6
Losses from foreign subsidiaries                   1.9          1.3          3.3
Liquidation of a foreign subsidiary              (3.9)            -            -
Non-deductible goodwill amortization               1.5           .9            -
Other, net                                          .3         (.9)            -
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Effective income tax rate                        39.6%        42.1%        43.9%
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


<PAGE>


Business Description

     United Stationers is the largest wholesale distributor of business products
in North America, offering more than 25,000 items exclusively to resellers --
including office products dealers, computer resellers, office furniture
specialists, mail order houses, retail specialty stores, office products
superstores and mass merchandisers.  Through its sophisticated computer-based
physical distribution network and long-established tradition of dealer support,
the Company helps more than 14,000 resellers competitively market products from
more than 600 manufacturers.  Its extensive truck fleet provides overnight
delivery from 30 Regional Distribution Centers and 34 local distribution points
in the United States. On a more limited scale, the Company also serves customers
in Canada through two stocking facilities there.



<PAGE>

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

FISCAL 1994 COMPARED WITH FISCAL 1993

     Net sales were $1.5 billion for Fiscal 1994, a 0.2% increase over Fiscal
1993 reflecting a slight increase in unit volume. Sales in the early part of
Fiscal 1994 were affected by a temporary drop in in-stock service levels and the
discontinuing of nearly 12,000 items as a final step in the consolidation
process of the June 1992 acquisition of Stationers Distributing Company.  Sales
were also negatively impacted by temporary, merger-related operational
disruptions in the west and southwest regions.  Sales grew in the fourth quarter
by 3.4%, reversing the decline experienced in the prior two quarters.

     Gross margin decreased to 21.9% in Fiscal 1994 from 23.4% in Fiscal 1993.
The decline primarily reflects higher levels of rebates and volume allowances
earned by the Company's customers as a result of ongoing consolidations.  In
addition, gross margin was affected by a LIFO charge (an increase to "Cost of
Sales") of $2.2 million in Fiscal 1994 versus LIFO income (a decrease to "Cost
of Sales") of $4.7 million in Fiscal 1993, and a shift in product mix.

     Operating expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased to 19.4% in
Fiscal 1994 from 20.3% in Fiscal 1993.  The decrease is the result of
streamlining the Company's work processes and reducing payroll and freight
expense.

     Income from operations as a percentage of net sales was 2.5% in Fiscal
1994, compared with 3.1% in Fiscal 1993.

     Interest expense increased in Fiscal 1994 due primarily to additional debt
incurred to support working capital and other capital expenditures (SEE
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES).

     Income before income taxes decreased by 29.4% from Fiscal 1993 to Fiscal
1994.  Net income per share was $0.85 for Fiscal 1994, a 26.1% decrease from the
$1.15 for Fiscal 1993.

     Certain interim expense and inventory estimates are recognized throughout
the fiscal year relating to shrinkage, inflation and product mix.  The results
of the year-end close and physical inventory reflected a favorable adjustment
with respect to such estimates, resulting in approximately $0.5 million of
additional net income, which is reflected in the fourth quarter of Fiscal 1994.

     The effective tax rates for the fiscal years ending August 31, 1994 and
August 31, 1993 were 39.6% and 42.1%, respectively. The decrease is primarily
due to the liquidation of a foreign subsidiary and a decrease in the effective
state income tax rate, offset by an increase in the non-deductible losses in the
Company's foreign operations and the non-deductible amortization of goodwill.



<PAGE>

FISCAL 1993 COMPARED WITH FISCAL 1992

     Net sales were $1.5 billion for Fiscal 1993, a 34% increase over net sales
of $1.1 billion for Fiscal 1992.  This increase
was due to an increase in sales volume substantially attributable to the June
1992 acquisition of Stationers Distributing Company.

     Gross margin increased to 23.4% in Fiscal 1993 from 22.4% in Fiscal 1992,
caused by LIFO income (a decrease to "Cost of Sales") of $4.7 million in Fiscal
1993 versus a LIFO charge (an increase to "Cost of Sales") of $2.7 million in
Fiscal 1992 and a favorable product mix.

     Operating expenses as a percentage of net sales increased to 20.3% in
Fiscal 1993 from 20.0% in Fiscal 1992.  This increase was the result of higher
expense levels associated with offering a free-freight marketing program to
customers and costs related to temporarily managing the separate product
offerings of United Stationers and Stationers Distributing.  Also, delays in
some of our merger-related facilities consolidations resulted in additional
expenses.

     Income from operations as a percentage of net sales was 3.1% in Fiscal
1993, compared with 2.4% in Fiscal 1992.

     Interest expense increased in Fiscal 1993 due primarily to the full-year
impact of the additional debt incurred in connection with the acquisition of
Stationers Distributing and the debt required to meet working capital and other
capital expenditure needs.

     Income before income taxes increased by 82.2% from Fiscal 1992 to Fiscal
1993.  Net income per share was $1.15 for Fiscal 1993, a 62.0% increase from the
$0.71 for Fiscal 1992.

     Certain interim expense and inventory estimates are recognized throughout
the fiscal year relating to shrinkage, inflation and product mix.  The results
of the year-end close and physical inventory reflected a favorable adjustment
with respect to such estimates, resulting in approximately $2.6 million of
additional net income, which is reflected in the fourth quarter of Fiscal 1993.

     The effective tax rates for the fiscal years ending August 31, 1993 and
August 31, 1992 were 42.1% and 43.9%, respectively. The decrease is primarily
due to a decline in the non-deductible losses in the Company's foreign operation
and a decrease in the effective state tax rate, offset by an increase in the
Federal tax rate.


<PAGE>

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

     During Fiscal 1994, funds to support the Company's working capital and
capital expenditure requirements were generated from operating activities and
borrowings under the Company's Reducing Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement
("Credit Agreement") (refer to Note #3 - "Long-Term Debt").  As of August 31,
1994 and 1993, borrowings outstanding under the Credit Agreement were $93.0
million and $84.0 million, respectively.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                            (in thousands of dollars)


                                            Fiscal         Fiscal      Fiscal
                                             1994           1993         1992
                                            ------         ------      -------
<S>                                       <C>            <C>         <C>
Cash and Cash Equivalents                   $6,920         $7,889      $11,942
Working Capital                           $239,827       $216,074     $214,611
Net Cash Provided by (Used in)
  Operating Activities                      $8,108        $36,002      $(2,538)
Net Cash Used in Investing
  Activities                              ($10,499)      $(29,958)    $(45,629)
Net Cash Provided by (Used in)
  Financing Activities                      $1,422       $(10,097)     $48,542

</TABLE>

     The decrease in net cash provided by operations in Fiscal 1994 compared
with Fiscal 1993 was primarily attributable to a decrease in accrued
liabilities, accounts payable and a decrease in net income, partially offset by
a decrease in accounts receivable and inventory.

     Net cash used in investing activities in Fiscal 1992 included $37.3 million
of cash as part of the purchase price of Stationers Distributing Company, Inc.
(refer to Note #2 - "Business Combinations and Restructuring Charge").  Net
capital expenditures in Fiscal 1994, 1993, and 1992 were $10.5 million, $30.0
million and $8.2 million, respectively.

     Net cash provided by financing activities in Fiscal 1992 primarily reflects
additional debt to finance the acquisition of Stationers Distributing Company,
Inc.

     The Company anticipates capital expenditures in the range of $12.0 million
to $15.0 million for Fiscal 1995.  Capital expenditures will be financed from
existing loan agreements and working capital.


<PAGE>

OTHER MATTERS

On October 26, 1993, a cross-complaint was filed against United Stationers
Supply Co. in a collection action which had previously been brought in the
Municipal Court of Los Angeles County, under the name UNITED STATIONERS SUPPLY
CO. V. OFFICE PALACE, INC. ET AL.  The cross-complaint alleges restraint of
trade and unfair business practices by United Stationers following the merger
with Stationers Distributing Company in 1992.  It seeks an unspecified amount of
general and special damages, plus $10 million in punitive damages.  The Company
intends to pursue its complaint and defend the cross-complaint. In the opinion
of management, the litigation will not have a material effect on the Company's
results of operations or financial condition.

     The Company anticipates the adoption of Statement of Financial Accounting
Standard No. 112, "Employers' Accounting for Postemployment Benefits," as
required in Fiscal 1995.  Its adoption is not expected to have a significant
impact on the Company's financial position or results of operations.



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-22
<SEQUENCE>15
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 22
<TEXT>

<PAGE>


                                   EXHIBIT 22
                         SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT


                                            JURISDICTION
                                             UNDER WHICH          PERCENTAGE
NAME OF SUBSIDIARY                            ORGANIZED          OF OWNERSHIP
- - ------------------                          -------------        ------------
United Stationers Supply Co.                   Illinois               100%


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27.1
<SEQUENCE>16
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 27.1
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<PAGE>
<ARTICLE> 5
<MULTIPLIER> 1,000
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          AUG-31-1994
<PERIOD-END>                               AUG-31-1994
<CASH>                                           6,920
<SECURITIES>                                         0
<RECEIVABLES>                                  156,272
<ALLOWANCES>                                         0
<INVENTORY>                                    225,794
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                               404,498
<PP&E>                                         243,928
<DEPRECIATION>                                 114,364
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                 587,257
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                          164,671
<BONDS>                                              0
<COMMON>                                         1,859
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                          0
<OTHER-SE>                                     244,151
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                   587,257
<SALES>                                      1,473,024
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                             1,473,024
<CGS>                                        1,150,123
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                1,150,123
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                     0
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                     0
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                              10,722
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                 26,058
<INCOME-TAX>                                    10,309
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                             15,749
<DISCONTINUED>                                       0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                    15,749
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                     0.85
<EPS-DILUTED>                                     0.85
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
