-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 hZKlFv/rsfzwaKiqzNg/9h4k4LfY0rzpICf2Kdipnmc1ffEPZNimdYdd97xWPX4F
 Ja2jP4IdNEEqiOEoh1ixDw==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000913355-95-000009.txt : 19950630<IMS-HEADER>0000913355-95-000009.hdr.sgml : 19950630
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000913355-95-000009
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		4
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19950331
FILED AS OF DATE:		19950629
SROS:			NASD

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WARRANTECH CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000735571
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				133178732
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-13084
		FILM NUMBER:		95550944

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 ATLANTIC ST
		CITY:			STAMFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06901
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2039751100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 2:		300 ATLANTIC STREET
		CITY:			STAMFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06901
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>ANNUAL REPORT ON 10-K
<TEXT>


                                 UNITED STATES
                      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                           Washington,  D.C.  20549
(Mark One)
[ X  ]                             FORM 10-K
                 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
             OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 [FEE REQUIRED]
                   For the fiscal year ended March 31, 1995
                                      OR
[    ]      TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE
               SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 [NO FEE REQUIRED]
             for the transition period from  _______  to  _______

                         Commission File No.  0-13084

                            WARRANTECH CORPORATION

            (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

                  DELAWARE                      13-3178732

            (State or other jurisdiction of     (IRS Employer
            incorporation or organization      Identification No.)

       300 ATLANTIC STREET, STAMFORD, CONNECTICUT         06901
       (Address of Principal Executive Offices)         (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code  (203) 975-1100

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of  the Act:

      TITLE OF EACH CLASS           NAME OF EACH EXCHANGE ON WHICH REGISTERED

      Common Stock $.007 par value                 NASDAQ National Market

          Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                        Common Stock,  $.007 par value

                                    (Title of Class)

      Indicate by checkmark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports to
be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was
required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days.

                              Yes__X__    No_______

      Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to
Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of Registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this form 10-K or any
amendment to this form 10-K [   ].
                        _______________________________

      The number of shares outstanding of the Registrant's common stock is
13,054,286 (as of June 16, 1995).

      The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by nonaffiliates of
the Registrant is $43,778,380 (as of June 16, 1995).

                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

                                     NONE
Index to Exhibits is on page 57.

<PAGE>

                                 PART I


     Warrantech Corporation  ("Warrantech" or the "Company") maintains
executive offices at 300 Atlantic Street, Stamford, Connecticut 06901,
operating facilities at 150 Westpark Way and 1441 West Airport Freeway,
Euless, Texas  76040, and 7630-7632 Pebble Drive, Fort Worth, Texas
76118.  The telephone number of the executive offices is (203)  975-1100.

Item 1.  BUSINESS

     Warrantech, through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Warrantech
Automotive, Inc. (formerly Warrantech Dealer Based Services, Inc.),
Warrantech Consumer Product Services, Inc., Warrantech Direct, Inc., and
Warrantech International, Inc. provides marketing and administrative
services to over 3,000 retailers, distributors and manufacturers of
automobiles, recreational vehicles, automotive components, home
appliances, home entertainment products, computers and peripherals, and
office and communications equipment worldwide.  The Company's
administrative services pertain primarily to extended service contracts
and limited warranties issued by retailers, distributors or manufacturers
to the purchasers and lessees of  consumer products.  Additionally, the
Company provides administrative services to insurance companies and
financial institutions for other types of insurance products such as
credit card enhancement programs including, but not limited to, credit
life,  "purchase protection" and unemployment coverages.

     Extended service programs benefit consumers with extensions of
product coverage for a specified period of time (or mileage in the case
of automobiles and recreational vehicles), similar to that provided by
the manufacturer under the terms of their product warranty(ies).  Such
coverage generally provides for the repair or replacement of the product,
or a component thereof, in the event of its failure.

     From a marketing perspective, the Company's products and services
enhance the perceived value of the retailers', distributors',
manufacturers' or financial institutions' products.

WARRANTECH AUTOMOTIVE, INC.

     Warrantech Automotive, Inc. ("WAI"), formerly known as Warrantech
Dealer Based Services, Inc. ("WDBS), has operated as a wholly-owned
subsidiary since November 1989.  Through this subsidiary, the Company
markets and administers vehicle service contract ("VSC") programs, credit
life and other related automotive after-sale products, all of which
enhance the profitability of the sale of automobiles, recreational
vehicles and automotive components.  These products are sold by
franchised and independent automobile dealers, leasing companies, repair
facilities and retail stores.

                                       2

<PAGE>

     Additionally, WAI has expanded its efforts in the automotive field
to provide administrative expertise and secure the placement of insurance
coverage to other parties requiring such services on either VSCs or
similar products.

     The VSC is a contract between the dealer/lessor (and in some states
WAI) and the vehicle purchaser/lessee that offers coverage that runs from
one to eighty-four months and 1,000 to 100,000 miles.  Coverage is
afforded in the event of the failure of a broad range of mechanical
components that occurs during the term of the VSC.

     The programs marketed and administered by WAI  require that the
dealer enter into an agreement whereby WAI is the provider of services to
the dealer.  Among these services is the development and distribution of
marketing materials, processing of dealer produced VSC's, and the
administration and payment of claims filed by contract holders under the
terms of their VSC.

     WAI utilizes the services of independent agents to call on dealers
to solicit their use of the VSC programs.  At this time, WAI is
represented by more than 60 agents in 46 states as well as Puerto Rico
and Canada.

     With respect to the VSC programs which Warrantech and WAI market and
administer,  liability is borne by insurers who have issued insurance
policies to assume this risk in exchange for the payment of agreed upon
premiums and fees.  Effective March 1, 1993, insurance for new WAI VSC
programs is provided by the New Hampshire Insurance Company and other AIG
member companies.

     Essential to the success of WAI is its ability to capture, maintain,
track and analyze all relevant data regarding a VSC.  To support this
function, this subsidiary operates proprietary software developed
internally and consists of custom designed relational databases with
interactive capabilities.  This configuration provides ample capacity and
processing speed for current requirements as well as the ability to
support significant future growth in this area.


WARRANTECH CONSUMER PRODUCT  SERVICES, INC.

     Warrantech Consumer Product Services, Inc. ("WCPS"), a wholly-owned
subsidiary,  was formed in 1990 and, at that time, assumed the parent
Company's efforts to develop, market and administer consumer product
extended service contract programs.

     The programs marketed and administered by WCPS require that the
selling dealer, distributor or manufacturer enter into an agreement with
WCPS that outlines the duties of each party.  Those duties specifically
assumed by WCPS include the development and distribution of marketing
materials, sales and motivational training, processing of service
contracts, and adjustment and payment of claims.  WCPS has also entered
into service center 

                                    3

<PAGE>

agreements with consumer product repair centers
located throughout North America, South America, Mexico and the
Caribbean.

     In exchange for agreed upon premiums and fees from the insured,
liability for claims incurred by service contracts issued by a dealer,
distributor or manufacturer is assumed by Houston General Insurance
Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Tokyo Marine & Fire Insurance
Company, one of Japan's and the world's largest insurance organizations
and Virginia Surety Company, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of AON.

     It is also essential to the success of WCPS that it be able to
capture, maintain, and analyze all relevant information about its service
contracts.  To support this function, WCPS has internally developed
application programs that allow the tracking of a database of in excess
of three (3) million service contracts.  This also allows for the
development of current and historical statistical data which is used to
monitor its service contract program's performance, and also will support
significant growth of WCPS's business.

     During the fiscal year ended March 31, 1995, WCPS enhanced its
products and services to solidify its position in the industry and
broaden its market base.  This is a continuing effort that seeks to
identify opportunities, weigh their potential and develop programs and/or
services to meet the needs of these new venues.  In recent years this
effort has resulted in the upgrading of existing service contract
programs including the RepairMaster Service contract program.  Special
attention was given to the office products category with the emphasis on
the personal computer segment of the industry which is rapidly expanding.

     WCPS has one significant customer that accounted for approximately
10%, 11% and 11% of consolidated gross revenues for the years ended March
31, 1995, 1994, and 1993.

WARRANTECH DIRECT, INC.

     Warrantech Direct, Inc.  ("WDI") is uniquely positioned to integrate
the customer, service and product resources of Warrantech, its
subsidiaries and their retail dealers and manufacturers, in order to
fully exploit new business opportunities in merchandising through data-
base marketing to the end-user consumer.

     This subsidiary, which was formed in 1992, utilizes state-of-the-art
telemarketing and direct mail equipment and techniques to obtain second
effort sales and renewals of service contracts.

     WDI's efforts are conducted on behalf of (i)  the dealer/retailers,
distributors and manufacturers who utilize the service contract programs
marketed and administered by WAI  and WCPS, and (ii)  a growing list of
other vendors who wish to utilize  WDI resources to enhance their own
service contract sales efforts.  Second effort marketing consists of
contacting product purchasers who did not buy a service contract and
offering 

                                    4

<PAGE>

them this opportunity prior to the expiration of the
manufacturer warranty.  Renewal marketing consists of the effort to renew
service contracts on eligible products upon the expiration of their
current service contract coverage.

WARRANTECH INTERNATIONAL, INC.

     In July 1993, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary
Warrantech International, Inc., and American International Group Inc.
("AIG") formed a joint venture, Techmark Services Ltd. ("Techmark" or the
"Joint Venture"), owned fifty-one percent (51%) by AIG and forty-nine
percent (49%) by the Company.  AIG is one of the world's largest
insurance and financial services companies.  Their United States
domiciled insurance companies hold A.M. Best's highest rating, A++
(Superior).   It is contemplated that the Joint Venture will provide
program development, marketing and administrative services for insurance
programs pertaining to consumer, automobile and credit card enhancement
products underwritten throughout the world, excluding the United States
and Canada.  The Joint Venture has a right of first refusal to provide
such services for certain consumer product and  automotive programs
underwritten by AIG subsidiaries outside the United States and Canada.

     In conjunction with the foregoing alliance, in October 1993, AIG
purchased, for a price of $6,430,000, a special issue of preferred stock
which is convertible into an issue of new shares of common stock which,
subsequent to its issuance, will be equivalent to twenty percent (20%) of
the Company's then issued and outstanding common stock.  Under the terms
of the purchase agreement, AIG has the right to purchase an increased
interest in the Company, to a maximum of thirty percent (30%) of the
Company's then issued and outstanding common stock, if gross combined
revenues of the Company and Techmark during any consecutive twelve (12)
month period exceed $400 million, such period commencing on the date
which is two (2) years from the date the purchase was completed and
ending on the date which is five (5) years from such date.  The purchase
agreement also provides that the Company will have a right of first
refusal to provide program development, marketing and administrative
services for certain consumer product and automobile programs
underwritten by AIG subsidiaries in the United States and Canada.

     On March 29, 1995, Warrantech International, Inc., signed a letter
of intent for the acquisition of Home Guarantee Corporation PLC, a
British company, which markets home warranty products in the United
Kingdom.  Upon completion of the transaction, which is anticipated
shortly, this acquisition will expand the current products offered by the
Company to include warranty products which cover mechanical breakdowns of
the working systems and components in homes (e.g., furnaces, electrical
and plumbing systems, and major appliances).

                                    5
<PAGE>

SALES AND MARKETING

     The sales and marketing activities of  the Warrantech subsidiary
companies are managed by each subsidiary's own sales and marketing
personnel.  In certain circumstances, the subsidiaries have entered into
marketing agreements with independent organizations that solicit dealers
at their own expense, receiving a commission on all service contracts
sold by such dealers.

     The Warrantech subsidiary companies foster awareness of their
respective programs through cooperative advertising programs, which may
be jointly funded by the subsidiary and the dealer or independent agent.

     Sales training and motivational programs are a primary form of
specialized assistance provided by WAI and WCPS to retailers/dealers,
distributors and manufacturers, to assist them in increasing the
effectiveness and profitability of their service contract program sales
efforts.  The Company develops materials and conducts educational
seminars.  These seminars are conducted either at the client's place of
business or at the Company's  state-of-the-art training facility at its
Euless, Texas administrative offices.  This new facility  features the
latest in audio/video technology that enhances the training and learning
experience.

COMPETITION

     The Warrantech subsidiary companies compete with a number of
independent administrators, divisions of distributors and manufacturers,
financial institutions and insurance companies.  While the Company
believes that it occupies a preeminent position among its competitors in
its field, it may not be the largest marketer and administrator of
service contracts and limited warranties, and some competitors may have
greater operating experience, more employees and/or greater financial
resources.  Further, many manufacturers, particularly those producing
motor vehicles, market and administer their own service contract program
for and through their dealers.

INSURANCE COVERAGE

     Liability for performance under the terms of service contracts and
limited warranties issued by dealers/retailers, distributors or
manufacturers is assumed by the insurer in return for the payment of the
agreed-upon premium for the assumption of the risk from the insured.
This coverage provides indemnification against loss resulting from
service contract claims and protects the consumer by ensuring that their
claim will be paid.

     The insurance protection is provided for the automotive programs by
the New Hampshire Insurance Company and other AIG member companies.
These companies are all rated A++ (Superior) by A.M. Best Company. WCPS
and its clients are protected by insurance afforded by Houston General
Insurance Company, a member of the Tokyo 
            
                                    6

<PAGE>

Marine & Fire Insurance Company
and Virginia Surety Company, Inc. a wholly-owned subsidiary of AON.
Houston General is rated Excellent and Virginia Surety is rated 
Superior by A.M. Best Company, respectively.

     In accordance with the terms of agreements with these insurers, a
fixed amount is remitted for each service contract or limited warranty
sold.  The amount is based upon actuarial analysis of data collected and
maintained for each type of coverage and contract term.  In no event is
the insured, the Company or its subsidiaries obligated to the insurer if
claims exceed the premium remitted.

     Additionally,  agreements between the Company and the insurers
contain profit-sharing features that permit the Company to share in the
underwriting profits and investment income earned by the service contract
programs.  The amounts to be received, if any, are determined in
accordance with certain specified formulas  by the type of program and
by policy year.  These agreements require interim calculations and
distributions for various programs, with final calculations being made as
contracts expire by term.

     During the 1995 fiscal year, the Company recognized profit sharing
in the amount of $2,676,001.

FEDERAL AND STATE REGULATION

     The service contract programs developed and marketed by the
Company's subsidiaries, and their related operations with regard to
service contracts and limited warranties, are regulated by federal law
and the statutes of a significant number of states.  The Company
continually reviews all existing and proposed statutes and regulations to
ascertain their applicability to its existing operations, as well as new
programs that are developed by the Company.

     Generally speaking, these statutes concern the scope of service
contract coverage and content of the service contract or limited warranty
document.  In such instances, the state statute will require that
specific wording be included in the service contract or limited warranty
expressly stating the consumer's rights in the event of a claim, how the
service contract may be canceled and identification of the insurance
company that indemnifies the dealers, distributors or manufacturers
against loss for performance under the terms of the service contract.

     Statutes in some states have sought to interpret the consumer
product service contract, or certain items covered under the contract as
a form of insurance, requiring that the issuer be a duly licensed and
chartered insurance company.  The Company and its subsidiaries do not
believe that they are insurers and have no intention of filing the
documents or meeting the capital and surplus requirements that are
necessary to obtain such a license.

                                    7

<PAGE>

      In many instances, the applicability of statutes and regulations to
programs marketed and administered by the Company, and compliance
therewith, involve issues of interpretation.  The Company uses its best
efforts to comply with applicable statutes and regulations but it cannot
assure that its interpretations, if challenged, would be upheld by a
court or regulatory body.  In any situation in which the Company has been
advised that its methods of doing business were not in compliance with
state regulation, the Company has taken the steps necessary to comply.

     If  the Company's right to operate in any state is challenged
successfully, the Company may be required to cease operations in the
state and the state might also impose financial sanctions against the
Company.  These actions, should they occur, could have materially adverse
consequences and could affect the Company's ability to continue
operating.  However, within the framework of currently known statutes,
the Company does not feel that this is a present concern.

TRADEMARKS

     The Company holds numerous registered United States trademarks, the
most important of which are the "WARRANTECH" and its stylized "W" logo
service marks.  The registration for all service marks are kept current
by the Company and its trademark counsel.  Additional service marks are
registered covering subsidiary names and product names and descriptions.

EMPLOYEES

     The Company and its subsidiaries currently employ approximately 265
individuals, an increase of approximately 25 over the preceding fiscal
year.  The increase is directly attributable to the expansion of
customer service and claims representatives to meet the needs of our
expanding business.  None of the Company's employees are covered by a
collective bargaining agreement.  The Company considers its relations
with its employees to be good.

Item 2.  PROPERTIES

     The Company's executive offices are located in leased premises at
300 Atlantic Street, Stamford, Connecticut.  These premises, consisting
of approximately 18,000 square feet are leased pursuant to a lease
agreement (the "Lease") which became effective on November 30, 1988 and
expires on February 28, 1999.  The annual base rent ranges from $322,368
to $458,630  during the term of the Lease.

     The operating facilities of WAI and WCPS are located in leased
premises at 150 Westpark Way, Euless, Texas.  The premises, consisting of
approximately 24,000 square feet, are leased pursuant to a lease
agreement (the "Texas Lease") which was favorably renegotiated effective
on April 1, 1993 and expires on March 31, 2003.  The Texas Lease 

                                    8

<PAGE>

provides for annual base rent payments ranging from $204,485 to $336,798 
during the term of the Texas Lease.

     Additional facilities that support the operations of WAI and WCPS,
as well as, those that house WDI,  are located at 1441 West Airport
Freeway, Euless, Texas (approximately 13,000 square feet) and 7630-7632
Pebble Drive, Building #28, (approximately 6,000 square feet), Fort
Worth, Texas.  These premises are leased under the terms of leases (the
"Other Leases") that were effective on November 1, 1994 and September 1,
1990, respectively and expire February 2004 and February 1996,
respectively.  The Other Leases provide for annual base rent payments
ranging from $135,460 and $148,361, respectively.

Item 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS


A.   THE OAK AGENCY, INC. AND THE OAK FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. VS.
    WARRANTECH DEALER BASED SERVICES, INC. (WDBS)

          This is a suit brought in the U.S. District Court, Northern
    District of Illinois, by the Oak companies against WDBS (now known as
    Warrantech Automotive, Inc.).  Oak, a former agent of WDBS, alleges
    breach of contract between the parties.  The suit alleges that WDBS
    contracted to pay agent commissions unconditionally and indefinitely
    even after the contract was terminated. Oak  seeks a declaratory
    judgment and monetary damages from WDBS  arising from the termination
    of the agency agreement with Oak.

          Oak's complaint does not specify the dollar amount of its
    alleged damages, but Oak has retained an expert witness who now
    estimates that Oak's damages exceed $10 million.  WDBS has vigorously
    defended the case, and has retained its own economic expert, who will
    directly refute the opinions of Oak's financial expert regarding the
    magnitude of Oak's alleged damages.  WDBS's principal defenses in the
    case concern Oak's conduct as a sales agent.  WDBS contends, in part,
    that Oak performed poorly and breached its duty of loyalty as an
    agent of WDBS.  However, the district court recently granted a
    partial summary judgment to Oak that will preclude WDBS from
    presenting evidence at the non-jury trial of Oak's breach of its duty
    of loyalty owed to WDBS.  No trial date has been set as yet and
    discovery is continuing.

B.     DAVID ROBERTSON V. WARRENTECH CORPORATION AND WARRENTECH
    AUTOMOTIVE    [spelling as in original],  District Court of Tarrant
    County, Texas, 141st Judicial District (case No. 141-151240-93).

          David Robertson, who is a former officer and director of the
    Company, commenced this action on or about December 10, 1993.
    Robertson has alleged in the action that the Company wrongfully
    terminated an employment agreement between 

                                    9

<PAGE>

    Robertson and WDBS, and that the Company engaged 
    in tortuous interference and fraud.  Robertson 
    has requested damages in excess of $5 million in the Texas
    action.  The employment agreement in question provides for
    arbitration in the State of Connecticut in the event of a dispute.
    The Company requested the Texas court to enforce this provision and
    require Robertson to submit his claim to arbitration in Connecticut.
    The Texas Court ruled, in an Order dated June 14, 1994, that the
    Texas action should be abated and that the claims in the action
    should be submitted to arbitration in Connecticut pursuant to the
    arbitration agreement between the parties.  On May 31, 1995, the
    Texas trial court dismissed the case pending in the 141st District
    Court for want of prosecution, but the arbitration proceeding with
    Robertson in Connecticut is still pending.

C.    WARRANTECH CORPORATION V. DAVID ROBERTSON,  Superior Court,
    Judicial District of Stamford/Norwalk.

          In a separate action to collect on a promissory note, on March
    21, 1995, a judgment was entered in favor of Warrantech Corporation and
    Warrantech Automotive, Inc. against David Robertson in the amount of 
    $195,050.48 plus interest at the rate of 14% per annum from July 1, 1991.



Item 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

              No matters were submitted to a vote of the Company's
    shareholders, through the solicitation of proxies or otherwise,
    during the fourth quarter of the Company's fiscal year ended March
    31, 1995.

                                  10

<PAGE>




                                 PART II

Item 5.  MARKET FOR COMPANY'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

     The Company's Common Stock has been reported in the National
Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotation System ("NASDAQ"),
and currently is reported on NASDAQ's National Market System ("NMS"),
under the trading symbol "WTEC".

As of June 16, 1995,  there were 13,054,286 Common Shares outstanding.
On that date, the closing bid price for the Company's common stock, as
reported by NASDAQ was $5.00.

Following is a summary of the price range of the Company's Common Stock
during its 1995 and 1994 fiscal years:

COMMON STOCK

Quarter of Fiscal 1995             HIGH & LOW BID

      First                        $5.13   $3.88
      Second                       $6.25   $3.63
      Third                        $6.13   $5.00
      Fourth                       $5.38   $4.63

Quarter of Fiscal 1994             HIGH & LOW BID

      First                        $4.13   $2.94
      Second                       $5.19   $3.25
      Third                        $8.13   $4.88
      Fourth                       $7.63   $4.25

The number of shareholders of record of the Company's Common Stock, as of
June 16, 1995 was 1,404.

DIVIDENDS
No cash dividends have been paid to holders of Common Stock since
inception of the Company.  The Company anticipates that, in the
foreseeable future, earnings, if any, will be retained for use in the
business or for other corporate purposes and it is not anticipated that
cash dividends will be paid.

                                    11

<PAGE>

Item 6 - SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

The Selected Financial Data should be read in conjunction with the consolidated
financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this filing.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31,

                                 1995                 1994                 1993                  1992                  1991
<S>                      <C>                   <C>                 <C>                  <C>                     <C>
Gross revenue                 $71,239,070         $ 46,970,763         $ 43,841,017          $ 50,692,389          $ 56,463,017
Net (increase) decrease
   in deferred revenue(a)        (699,745)             (316,290)            314,931                822,856           (29,874,905)
                              ____________        ______________       ____________          _____________         ______________
Net revenue (a)                70,539,325            46,654,473          44,155,948             51,515,245            26,588,112
                              ____________        ______________       ____________          _____________         ______________
Income before
   cumulative effect of
   change in accounting
   principle                    2,895,788               703,591           1,061,471              1,336,968              (138,128)
Accounting change                  -                    -                    -                    (117,581)              -
                              ___________         _____________         ___________           ____________          ______________
Net income (loss)             $ 2,895,788         $     703,591         $ 1,061,471           $  1,219,387         $    (138,128)
                              ===========         =============         ===========           ============          ==============
Earning (loss) per
   common share:
Income before
   cumulative effect of
   change in accounting
   principle                        $0.19                $0.05                $0.08                 $0.11                $(0.01)
Accounting change (a)                 -                    -                    -                   (0.01)                  -
                             ____________         _____________        ____________          _____________        ______________
Net income (loss)                   $0.19                $0.05                $0.08                 $0.10                ($0.01)
                             ============         =============        ============          =============        ==============
Cash dividend declared           NONE                 NONE                 NONE                  NONE                  NONE
                             ============         =============        ============          =============        ==============
Total assets (a)             $ 41,858,546          $ 33,828,572        $ 24,646,791           $ 25,548,186          $ 79,894,140
                             ============         =============        ============          =============        ==============
Long-term debt and
   capital lease
   obligations               $    293,648         $     476,875        $    853,101         $      315,697          $  3,273,496
                             ============         =============        ============         ==============        ==============
Convertible
   exchangeable
   preferred stock           $  6,396,795         $   6,343,614               -                     -                     -
                             ============         =============        ============         ==============        ==============
Common stockholders'
   equity                    $ 17,443,763         $  14,300,322        $ 13,427,311         $   12,161,683          $ 10,475,161
                             ============         =============        ============         ==============        ==============
Working capital              $ 11,067,983         $   9,768,580        $  4,982,608         $    4,355,183          $  5,179,885
                             ============         =============        ============         ==============        ==============
</TABLE>
     a)  The Company changed its revenue recognition policy, effective April 
         1, 1991, to the "proportional performance method" which recognizes 
         revenues in direct proportion to the costs incurred in providing the 
         service contract programs to its clients.  Only revenues in an amount 
         sufficient to meet future administrative costs and reasonable gross 
         profit thereon are deferred.  The new method of recognizing revenues 
         more accurately conforms to the Company's operations and properly 
         matches the incurring of costs with revenues.

         This change in revenue recognition policy as of April 1, 1991, 
         resulted in a one time cumulative effect charge to operations, net 
         of taxes, in the amount of $117,581.

                                    12

<PAGE>

Item 6 - SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA (CONTINUED) (a)


Item 7.MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

                                 GENERAL

     The Company, through its WCPS, WAI, Warrantech Direct and Warrantech
International subsidiaries, provides marketing and administrative
services to over 3,000 retailers, distributors and manufacturers of
automobiles, recreational vehicles, automotive components, home
appliances, home entertainment products, computers and peripherals,
office and communications equipment worldwide.  The Company's
administrative services pertain primarily to extended service contracts
and limited warranties, issued by the retailer, distributor or
manufacturer to the purchaser/lessee of the consumer product.
Additionally, the Company maintains administrative facilities for, and
provides administrative services to, insurance companies and financial
institutions for other types of insurance products such as credit card
enhancement programs like "purchase protection" and "unemployment"
coverages.

                          RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

GROSS REVENUES

     Gross revenues for the fiscal years ended March 31, 1995 and 1994
were $71,239,070 and $46,970,763, respectively.   For the fiscal year
ended March 31, 1995, gross revenues increased by 52%, as compared to
fiscal year ended March 31, 1994.  The gross revenues attributable to
consumer product programs reflect increases of approximately $6.6 million
from increased volume with existing customers and approximately $6.2
million related to new business.  Automotive related program revenues
reflect increases of approximately $4.7 million related to new business
and approximately $5.2 million related to volume increases.  The balance
of the increase was attributable to the Company's direct marketing
operations.

     For the fiscal year ended March 31, 1994,  gross revenues increased
by 7.1% as compared to fiscal year ended March 31,  1993.  The gross
revenues attributable to consumer product programs reflect increases in
market share and penetration increasing by 21.7%.  This increase was
offset by a decline in automotive program related revenues of 6.6%.

     For the three month periods ended March 31, 1995 and 1994,
respectively, the gross revenues were $19,544,126 and $11,234,120, an
increase of 74%.  The principal reason for the increase was continued
growth in the consumer product related revenues and to a lesser degree an
increase in automotive related revenues.

                                   13

<PAGE>

     For the three month periods ended March 31, 1994 and 1993,
respectively, the gross revenues were $11,417,813 and $10,280,520, an
increase of 11.1%.  The principal reason for the increase was continued
growth in consumer product related revenues.


NET (INCREASE) DECREASE IN DEFERRED REVENUES

     The net (increase) decrease in deferred revenues totaled $(699,745),
$(316,290) and $314,931 for the fiscal years ended March 31, 1995, 1994
and 1993, respectively.  The Company recognizes revenues in direct
proportion to the costs incurred in providing the service contract
programs to its clients.  Revenues in an amount sufficient to meet future
administrative costs and a reasonable gross profit thereon are deferred.
The increase in deferred revenues at March 31, 1995 as compared with
fiscal 1994 is attributable to an increase in the number of service
contracts outstanding with a service period greater than one year.

     Deferred revenues earned during the fiscal years ended March 31,
1995, 1994 and 1993 include amounts earned of $319,465, $528,483, and
$1,331,088, respectively, from the runoff of the American Hardware Mutual
Insurance Company business which was completed in 1994.

     The amounts of gross revenues deferred and earned from period to
period are affected by (i)  the mix of automotive and consumer product
revenues, (ii)  the relationship of gross contract revenues generated by
shorter term extended service contracts to total gross revenues, and
(iii)  administration contract revenues which are recognized over a
short-term period.

DIRECT COSTS AND SELLING, SERVICE,
GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES

DIRECT COSTS

     Direct costs are those costs directly related to the production and
acquisition of service contracts.  Those costs are net insurance and
commission expenses.  Net insurance expense is the insurance premiums
accrued to the insurer, less any profit sharing accrued from the insurer.

     Direct costs for the fiscal years ended March 31, 1995, 1994, and
1993 are reflected net of profit sharing accrued in the amount of
$2,676,001, $1,364,089 and $424,905,  respectively.

                                    14

<PAGE>

     Direct costs for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1995 were
$43,464,547 as compared to $28,986,633 and $28,029,019 for the fiscal
years ended March 31, 1994 and 1993, respectively.  Direct costs for the
three months ended March 31, 1995 were $10,249,724, as compared to
$6,516,238 and $5,924,403 for the three months ended March 31, 1994 and
1993, respectively.  The increase in direct costs for both the year and
the quarter ended March 31, 1995 as compared with the comparable periods
for the preceding year is primarily attributable to increased insurance
premiums and commissions expense resulting from the volume increase
during the year offset by increased profit sharing income.  The increase
in direct costs for the period ended March 31, 1994 as compared with the
same period ended March 31, 1993 is primarily attributable to (i) an
increase in insurance premium expense and (ii) a variation in the mix of
business as between consumer products and automotive related products,
and within automotive products, between the ratio of new  VSC's to used
VSC's.

SERVICE, SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES

     Service, Selling, General and Administrative Expenses  expenses for
the fiscal year ended March 31, 1995 were $20,716,655, as compared to
$14,674,158 and $12,613,574 for the fiscal years ended March 31, 1994 and
1993, respectively.  The increase for the fiscal year 1995 as compared to
fiscal year 1994 reflects an increase in expenses attributable to
increases in sales related costs, payroll and payroll related costs
arising from an increase in headcount to meet volume increases, increased
levels of commission, and incentive compensation.  The increase for the
fiscal year 1994 as compared to fiscal year 1993 reflects an increase in
expenses related to increasing the market share of the Company's consumer
products subsidiary.  Service, Selling, General and Administrative
expenses as a percentage of net revenues has remained relatively
consistent for the three fiscal years.

PROVISION FOR BAD DEBT EXPENSE

     The provision for bad debt expense resulted from the write off of
accounts considered uncollectible, including those related to the
settlement of litigation during fiscal 1995.

DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION

     As part of an Internal Revenue Service agent review of the Company's
prior years tax returns, certain adjustments have been identified, the
most significant of which relates to revenues originally recorded as
deferred revenues as part of the acquisition in 1989 of Dealer Based
Services, Inc, which should not have been included in taxable income
during the years subsequent to the acquisition.  As a result, a portion
of the estimated tax refund in the amount of $1,310,575 that results from
the adjustments reflected on the Revenue Agent's Report has been recorded
as a reduction of the remaining goodwill that arose as part of this asset
acquisition.

                                    15

<PAGE>

EQUITY IN OPERATIONS OF JOINT VENTURE

     The joint venture, Techmark, during fiscal 1995 eliminated a non-
profitable portion of its UK operation's business with a major customer.
This action is expected to result in reduced revenues, but improved
margins.  The customer reimbursed the UK operations for certain costs
incurred relating to such business which improved Techmark's
profitability.  Offsetting this are approximately $580,000 of expenses
related to the start-up of Techmark operations in Japan.

INCOME TAXES

     The income tax provision for fiscal year 1995 differs from the
statutory rate of 35 percent due primarily to the nondeductability, for
federal and state tax purposes, of the equity loss of the Company's
Techmark joint venture and the impact of state taxes.

NET INCOME

     Net income for the fiscal years ended March 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993
was $2,895,788, $703,591 and $1,061,471, respectively.  The increase in
net income for the fiscal year 1995 is attributable to the volume
increases experienced by the Company, an increase in profit sharing, and
a decrease in the losses of the joint venture.  The fiscal 1994 decrease
over the fiscal year ended March 31,  1993 was primarily attributable to
initial start-up losses from the Company's Techmark joint venture and
investment in expenses related to increasing market share substantially
offset by the tax treatment of intangible assets related to prior
acquisitions and increased profit sharing.

                     LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

     The primary sources of liquidity during the current year were cash
generated by operations and proceeds from the maturity of marketable
securities.

     Funds were utilized for (i) working capital requirements, (ii)
additional funding of $2,123,440 for the Techmark joint venture including
an advance for the funding of the start up of the Japanese operations,
(iii) repayment of short-term borrowings of $333,613 and (iii) purchase
of property and equipment in the amount of $1,539,093.

     The significant increase  in capital spending this year relates to
the Company's decision to upgrade its information systems.  This is an
ongoing project which the Company anticipates will be completed during
fiscal 1996.  Additional capital requirements related to this project are
expected to be approximately $1,400,000.

     The Company believes that internally generated funds will be
sufficient to finance its current operations for at least the next twelve
months.    The Company anticipates that any expansion into other
worldwide markets would be financed from joint venture operations and/or
additional investments.

                                    16

<PAGE>


     The Company has a revolving credit agreement with a bank which
provides for a maximum aggregate borrowing up to $1,000,000 with interest
at the bank's prime rate.  As of March 31, 1995, the Company had no
outstanding borrowings under this agreement.

     The effect of inflation has not been significant to the Company
since its formation.

                                    17

<PAGE>


Item 8.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA


        INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES



                                                                 PAGE NO.

Report of Independent
Accountants.....................................................   19-21

Consolidated Balance Sheet
     As at March 31, 1995 and 1994..............................      22

Consolidated Statement of Operations
     For the Years Ended March 31, 1995, 1994, and 1993.........      23

Consolidated Statement of Common Stockholders' Equity
     For the Years Ended March 31, 1995, 1994, and 1993.........      24

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
     For the Years Ended March 31, 1995, 1994, and 1993.........   25-26

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements......................   27-42

Consolidated Financial Statement Schedule:

Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
          for the years ended March 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993.....      43






                                    18

<PAGE>


                    REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS


To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
Warrantech Corporation:


     We have audited the consolidated financial statements and the
financial statement schedule of Warrantech Corporation and subsidiaries
(the "Company") as of March 31, 1995 and for the year then ended as
listed in the accompanying index on page 18.  These financial  statements
and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Company's
management.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the 1995
financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audit.

     We conducted our audit in accordance with generally accepted
auditing standards.  Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements.  An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation.  We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for
our opinion.

     In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of
the Company as of March 31,  1995, and the consolidated results of its
operations and its cash flows for the year ended March 31, 1995 in
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.  In addition,
in our opinion, the financial statement schedule as of and for the year
ended March 31, 1995, when considered in relation to the basic 1995
financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly, in all material
respects the information required to be included therein.

     As discussed in Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements, the
Company is a defendant in certain litigation.  The ultimate outcome of
this litigation cannot presently be determined.  Accordingly, no
provision for any loss that may result upon resolution of these matters
has been made in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

                                   COOPERS & LYBRAND L.L.P.


Stamford, Connecticut
June 23, 1995

                                    19

<PAGE>

                       INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
Warrantech Corporation


     We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of
Warrantech Corporation (the "Company") and subsidiaries as of March 31,
1994, and the related consolidated statements of operations, common
stockholders' equity, and cash flows for the year then ended.  Our audit
also included the financial statement schedule for the year ended 
March 31, 1994 as listed in the Index on page 18.
These financial statements and financial statement schedule are the
responsibility of the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on the 1994 financial statements based on our audit.

     We conducted our audit in accordance with generally accepted
auditing standards.  Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements.  An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation.  We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for
our opinion.

     In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of March 31,  1994, and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for the year ended March 31, 1994 in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles.  Also, in our opinion, such financial
statement schedule for the year ended March 31, 1994, when considered in
relation to the basic 1994 consolidated financial statements taken as a
whole, presents fairly in all material respects the information set forth
therein.

     As discussed in Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements, the
Company is a defendant in certain litigation.  The ultimate outcome of
this litigation cannot presently be determined.  Accordingly, no
provision for any loss that may result upon resolution of these matters
has been made in the accompanying financial statements.

           As discussed in Note 8 to the consolidated financial
statements, the Company changed its method of accounting for income taxes
to conform with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109 in
1994.

                                        DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP
Stamford, Connecticut
June 29, 1994

                                    20

<PAGE>

                    REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders
Warrantech Corporation


We  have  audited the accompanying consolidated statements of operations,
stockholders'   equity,   cash  flows,  and  the  consolidated  financial
statement schedules of Warrantech  corporation  and  subsidiaries for the
year ended March 31, 1993, as listed in the accompanying  index  on  page
18.   These  consolidated  financial  statements  and  schedules  are the
responsibility  of  the  Company's management.  Our responsibility is  to
express an opinion on these  consolidated  financial  statements based on
our audit.

We  conducted  our  audit in accordance with generally accepted  auditing
standards.  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain  reasonable assurance about  whether  the  consolidated  financial
statements  and  schedules  are  free of material misstatement.  An audit
includes examining, on a test basis,  evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the consolidated financial  statements  and schedules.  An
audit  also  includes  assessing  the  accounting  principles   used  and
significant  estimates  made  by  management,  as  well as evaluating the
overall consolidated financial statement presentation.   We  believe that
our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In  our  opinion,  the  consolidated  financial  statements and schedules
referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of Warrantech Corporation and subsidiaries as at March 31, 1993,
and the results of its consolidated operations and  cash  flows  for  the
year   ended  March  31,  1993  in  conformity  with  generally  accepted
accounting principles.

A Subsidiary  of  the Company is a defendant in a lawsuit seeking damages
and the rescission  of  the  net  asset  acquisition by the Company.  The
Company  has  filed a counterclaim for profit  sharing  distributions  in
excess of $1,000,000.   The  ultimate  outcome  of  the litigation cannot
presently  be  determined.  Accordingly, no provision for  any  liability
that may result  upon  adjudication  has  been  made  in the accompanying
financial statements.

WEINICK SANDERS & CO. L.L.P.
New York, N.Y.
June 17, 1993

                                    21

<PAGE>
        WARRANTECH CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
               CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

                          AS S E T S
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         March 31,

                                                 1995                    1994
<S>                                          <C>                     <C>
Current Assets:
Cash and cash equivalents                    $ 3,039,361              $ 5,024,282
Cash - certificates of deposits                    -                       27,000
Investment in marketable securities              472,344                  500,000
Accounts receivable, net                      12,705,664                7,960,690
Other receivables                              8,599,198                5,208,110
Prepaid expenses, prepaid income taxes
   and other current assets                    1,065,062                1,622,105
                                             ___________              ___________
   Total Current Assets                       25,881,629               20,342,187
                                             ___________              ___________
Property and Equipment - Net                   2,865,910                2,179,525
                                             ___________              ___________
Other Assets:
Excess of cost over fair value of 
    assets acquired - net of accumulated 
    amortization of $2,723,429 and 
    $2,321,614, respectively                   3,850,724                5,563,114
Investment in and advances to  
    joint venture                              2,880,921                1,000,215
Deferred income taxes                          1,029,083                  732,482
Investments in marketable securities           2,671,507                2,133,000
Certificates of deposit and cash trust fund -
    restricted                                   500,000                  657,602
Split dollar life insurance policies             698,338                  595,788
Receivable from insurance company - long term    505,606                     -
Notes receivable - long-term                     290,125                  290,725
Insurance escrow fund - administrative costs     199,389                  199,389
Other assets                                     485,314                  134,545
                                             ___________               __________
          Total Other Assets                  13,111,007               11,306,860 
                                             ___________               __________
          Total Assets                       $41,858,546              $33,828,572
                                             ===========              ===========
</TABLE>

   See accompanying notes to consolidated
            financial statements.


    WARRANTECH CORPORATION AND
           SUBSIDIARIES
    CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

                             LIABILITIES AND COMMON STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            March 31,

                                                                     1995                  1994
<S>                                                           <C>                     <C>
Current Liabilities:
Current maturities of long-term debt and capital lease
     obligations                                               $    205,200           $    355,585
Insurance premiums payable                                        9,230,377              7,113,274
Income taxes payable                                              1,010,878                -
Accounts and commissions payable                                  2,641,843              2,298,770
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities                    1,725,348                805,978
                                                               ____________           ____________
   Total Current Liabilities                                     14,813,646             10,573,607
                                                               ____________           ____________
Deferred Revenues                                                 2,470,449              1,770,705
                                                               ____________           ____________
Long-Term Debt and Capital Lease Obligations                        293,648                476,875
                                                               ____________           ____________
Deferred Rent Payable                                               440,245                363,449
                                                               ____________           ____________
Commitments and Contingencies (See Notes)

Convertible Exchangeable
   Preferred Stock - $.0007 par value
   Authorized, issued and outstanding - 3,234,697 shares
   (Redemption value - $6,430,000)                                6,396,795               6,343,614
                                                               ____________           _____________
Preferred Stock - $.0007 par value
   Authorized - 11,765,303 shares
   Issued and outstanding - none                                     -                         -
Common Stockholders' Equity:
   Common stock - $.007 par value
   Authorized - 15,000,000 shares
   Issued and outstanding - 13,045,302 shares
   at March 31, 1995 and 12,965,302
   shares at March 31, 1994                                          89,117                  88,557
   Additional paid in capital                                    12,097,507              11,752,754
   Net unrealized loss on investments, net of income taxes 
   of $27,089                                                       (42,370)                  -
   Retained earnings                                              5,472,039               2,629,431
                                                               ____________           _____________
                                                                 17,616,293              14,470,742
   Less:  Deferred compensation                                     (23,438)                (21,328)
   Treasury stock - at cost, 41,000  shares
   at March 31, 1995 and 41,000 shares at
   March 31, 1994                                                  (149,092)               (149,092)
                                                               ____________           _____________
   Total Common Stockholders' Equity                             17,443,763              14,300,322
                                                               ____________           _____________
   Total Liabilities and Common Stockholders' Equity           $ 41,858,546           $  33,828,572
                                                               ============           =============
</TABLE>

          See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                    22

<PAGE>

                WARRANTECH CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                               For the Years Ended March 31,

                                                        1995                1994                   1993

<S>                                                <C>                    <C>                    <C>
Gross revenues                                     $71,239,070            $46,970,763            $ 43,841,017
Net (increase) decrease in deferred revenue           (699,745)              (316,290)                314,931
                                                   ___________            ___________            ____________
Net revenue                                         70,539,325             46,654,473              44,155,948
Costs and expenses:
   Direct costs                                     43,464,547             28,986,633              28,029,019
   Service, selling, and general and 
   administrative                                   20,716,655             14,674,158              12,613,574
   Provision for bad debt expense                      427,483                 10,955                 303,436
   Depreciation and amortization                     1,259,604              1,503,866               1,293,021
                                                   ___________            ___________            ____________
Total costs and expenses                            65,868,289             45,175,612              42,239,050
                                                   ___________            ___________            ____________
Income from operations                               4,671,036              1,478,861               1,916,898
                                                   ___________            ___________            ____________
Equity in operations of joint venture                 (298,272)              (538,385)                  -
Other income                                           431,560                 62,771                 207,375
                                                   ___________            ___________            ____________
Income before provision for income taxes             4,804,324              1,003,247               2,124,273
Provision for income taxes                           1,908,536                299,656               1,062,802
                                                   ___________            ____________           ____________
Net Income                                          $2,895,788            $   703,591            $  1,061,471
                                                   ===========            ===========            ============

Earnings per share:

Primary:
     Net income                                       $0.19                 $0.05                     $0.08
                                                   ===========            ===========            ============

Fully Diluted:
     Net income                                       $0.17                 $0.04                       -
                                                   ===========            ===========            ============                      

Weighted average number of shares outstanding:
     Primary                                        15,588,145             14,569,479              12,871,718
                                                   ===========            ===========            ============
     Fully Diluted                                  16,898,351             16,748,075                   -
                                                   ===========            ===========            ============
</TABLE>

       See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                    23

<PAGE>

                     WARRANTECH CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMMON STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                Net                                                                Total
                                  Additional    Unrealized                                                         Common
                 Common Stock     Paid-In       Loss on       Retained     Deferred        Treasury Stock          Stockholders
            Shares     Par Value  Capital       Investments   Earnings     Compensation  Shares      Amount        Equity
<S>        <C>         <C>        <C>           <C>           <C>          <C>           <C>         <C>           <C>
Balance 
at April 1,
1992         12,834,502  $  87,642  $11,471,399                $  864,369   $(94,453)      (46,000)    $(167,274)   $12,161,683

Issuance of 
common
stock through 
exercise of 
common stock 
warrants 
and options      55,000        388       95,524                                                                          95,912

Issuance of 
common stock     26,800        188       71,495                                                                          71,683

Amortization of 
deferred compen-
sation                                                                          36,562                                   36,562
Net income                                                     1,061,471                                              1,061,471
              _________     _____      _______    _______     __________   _________         _______     ________   ___________
Balance at 
March 31, 
1993         12,916,802    88,218   11,638,418                 1,925,840     (57,891)        (46,000)   (167,274)    13,427,311
Issuance of
common 
stock through
exercise of 
common stock 
options          40,500        283       87,454                                                                          87,737

Issuance of common 
stock             8,000         56       22,564                                                                          22,620

Issuance of 
treasury 
stock                                     4,318                                                 5,000     18,182         22,500

Amortization of 
deferred compen-
sation                                                                         36,563                                    36,563

Net income                                                      703,591                                                 703,591
              __________    ______  __________    ____        _________      ________        ________  _________     __________
Balance at 
March 31, 
1994          12,965,302    88,557  11,752,754                2,629,431      (21,328)        (41,000)  (149,092)    14,300,322

Issuance of 
common stock 
through
exercise of 
common stock 
options           75,000       525      321,350                                                                         321,875

Issuance of 
common stock       5,000        35       23,403                               (23,438)

Net unrealized 
loss on
investments                                       (42,370)                                                            (42,370)

Amortization of 
deferred compen-
sation                                                                        21,328                                    21,328

Imputed interest 
on preferred stock                                                (53,180)                                            (53,180)

Net income                                                       2,895,788                                           2,895,788
                  __________  _______   ___________ _________     _________   _________  ________     __________    ___________
Balance at 
March 31, 
1995              13,045,302  $89,117   $12,097,507 $(42,370)    $ 5,472,039  $(23,438)  (41,000)     $(149,092)    $17,443,763
                  ==========  =======   =========== =========    ===========  =========  ========     =========     ===========
</TABLE>

           See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements

                                    24
<PAGE>

                   .WARRANTECH CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                         For the Years Ended March 31,

                                                          1995                  1994                 1993
<S>                                               <C>                   <C>                  <C>
Cash flows from operating activities:
  Net income                                       $2,895,788            $   703,591          $ 1,061,471
                                                   __________            ___________          ___________
Adjustments to reconcile net income to 
  net cash provided by (used in) operating 
  activities:
     Depreciation and amortization                 1,259,604               1,503,866            1,293,021
     Deferred income taxes                          (296,601)               (688,387)             (44,095)
     Increase (decrease) in deferred 
      rent payable                                    76,796                  65,674             ( 96,402)
     Loss from equity joint venture                  298,272                 538,385                -
     Elimination of intercompany profits 
      with joint venture                             (28,038)                176,400                -
     Other                                           116,150                   57,301             303,436
(Decrease) increase in cash flows as a result of
  changes in asset and liability balances:
    Accounts receivable                           (4,744,974)             (1,267,393)            (524,288)
    Other receivables                             (3,391,088)             (3,802,436)             571,162
    Prepaid expenses, prepaid income taxes and
     other current assets                            557,043                (530,854)            (409,074)
    Insurance escrow fund - administrative costs        -                    (18,566)            (165,612)
    Split dollar life insurance policies            (102,550)               (142,779)             (93,191)
    Other assets                                     423,100                 (48,995)              (7,656)
    Insurance premiums payable                     2,117,103               2,249,239           (1,626,941)
    Income taxes payable                           1,010,878                (459,681)            (367,373)
    Accounts and commissions payable                 343,073                 104,112             (404,902)
    Accrued expenses and other current 
      liabilities                                    919,370                 154,356             (104,710)
    Deferred revenues                                699,744                 316,291             (317,773)
                                                  __________              __________           ___________
        Total adjustments                           (742,118)             (1,793,467)          (1,994,398)
                                                  __________              __________           ___________
Net cash provided by (used in) operating 
    activities                                     2,153,670              (1,089,876)            (932,927)

Cash flows from investing activities:
    Proceeds from sale of property and equipment      23,396                  24,000               74,300
    Purchase of property and equipment            (1,539,093)               (449,720)            (382,568)
    Proceeds from sale of certificates of 
      deposit                                         27,000                  71,707              333,191
    Purchase of investments in marketable 
      securities                                  (1,038,543)             (1,800,000)          (1,250,000)
    Certificates of deposit and cash trust 
      fund - restricted                              157,602                (330,602)              -
    Proceeds from sales, redemptions and
      maturities of marketable securities            500,000                    -               2,275,000
    Investment in and advances to joint venture   (2,123,440)             (1,715,000)              -
    Increase in other receivable                       -                                           30,750
                                                  __________              __________            _________
Net cash (used in) provided by investing 
    activities                                    (3,993,078)             (4,199,615)           1,080,673
                                                  __________              __________            _________
</TABLE>

                                    25

<PAGE>
                    WARRANTECH CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                  (Continued)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                               For the years Ended March 31,


                                                       1995                1994              1993
<S>                                               <C>                 <C>                <C>
Cash flows from financing activities:
   Decrease in notes receivable                    $         600       $      34,394      $      1,852
   Proceeds from exercise of common 
     stock options                                       187,500              87,737           167,595
   Proceeds from the sale of preferred stock,
     net of underwriting costs                             -               6,343,614             -
   Loan payable - officer                                  -                (118,383)          118,383
   Proceeds from borrowings                                -               1,500,000             -
   Repayments of borrowings                            (333,613)          (1,846,458)         (275,083)
                                                  _____________         ____________          ________
Net cash (used in) provided by financing
   activities                                          (145,513)           6,000,904            12,747
                                                  _____________         ____________          ________
Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash
   equivalents                                     (  1,984,921)             711,413           160,493
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year        5,024,282            4,312,869         4,152,376
                                                  _____________         ____________      ____________
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year           $  3,039,361          $ 5,024,282      $  4,312,869
                                                  =============         ===========       ============

Supplemental Cash Flows Information:
Cash payments for:
   Interest                                        $     74,815        $    137,702       $    150,156
                                                  =============        ============       ============
   Income taxes                                    $  1,071,363         $ 1,506,739       $    693,395
                                                  =============        ============       ============
Non-Cash Investing Activities:

Property and equipment financed through 
  capital leases                                 $       -            $        -         $    907,778
                                                 ==============        ============       ============
</TABLE>

    See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements

                                    26

<PAGE>

WARRANTECH CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

     PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION - The accompanying consolidated
     financial statements include the accounts of Warrantech
     Corporation and its wholly-owned subsidiaries (the
     "Company"), as well as the accounts of subsidiaries owned
     directly or indirectly more than 50 percent.  All
     intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated
     in consolidation.

     Amounts representing the Company's percentage interest in
     the underlying net assets of less than majority-owned
     companies, in which a significant equity ownership interest
     is held, are included in "investment and advances."  The
     Company's share of the net income (loss) of these companies
     is included in the Consolidated Statement of Operations
     caption "Equity in operations of joint venture."

     REVENUE RECOGNITION POLICY - The Company's revenue
     recognition policy is based on the proportional performance
     method which recognizes revenues in direct proportion to
     the costs incurred in providing the service contract
     programs to the Company's clients.  Revenues in an amount
     sufficient to meet future administrative costs and a
     reasonable gross profit thereon are deferred.

     DIRECT COSTS - Direct costs are those costs directly
     related to the production and acquisition of service
     contracts.  Those costs are net insurance and commission
     expenses.  Net insurance expense is the insurance premiums
     accrued to the insurer, less any profit sharing accrued
     and/or received from the insurer.

     INVESTMENTS IN MARKETABLE SECURITIES - Effective April 1,
     1994, the Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting
     Standard No. 115 (SFAS 115) "Accounting for Certain
     Investments in Debt and Equity Securities".  The Company
     determined that all of its investments were "available for
     sale" securities and as such the Company adjusted the
     carrying value of marketable securities to market value
     with the related unrealized appreciation or depreciation
     reflected as an adjustment to stockholders' equity, net of
     the related deferred income taxes.

     PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT - Property and equipment are stated
     at cost.  Depreciation is provided using a  straight-line
     method over the estimated useful lives of the assets
     ranging from 3 to 10 years.

     EXCESS OF COST OVER FAIR VALUE OF ASSETS ACQUIRED - The
     excess of cost over fair value of the assets acquired is a
     result of the purchase of Dealer Based Services, Inc., and
     is being amortized on a straight-line basis over fifteen
     years.  As a result of 

                                    27

<PAGE>

     an Internal Revenue Service agent review of prior 
     years' tax returns, certain adjustments have been 
     identified, the most significant of which relates
     to revenues originally recorded as deferred revenues as
     part of the acquisition of which should not have been
     included in taxable income during the years subsequent to
     the acquisition.  As a result, an estimated tax refund in
     the amount of $1,669,911 that results from the adjustments
     reflected on the Revenue Agent's Report has been recorded
     as a reduction of the remaining goodwill that arose as part
     of this asset acquisition.  Amortization expense charged to
     operations for the years ended March 31, 1995, 1994 and
     1993 amounted to $401,815, $525,648 and $525,648,
     respectively.

     PROFIT SHARING ARRANGEMENT - Pursuant to agreements with
     its insurers, the Company is eligible to share a portion of
     the insurers profits on the Company's service contract
     programs.  The amounts to be received, if any, will be
     determined by loss experience, by the type of program and
     by policy year.  The amounts recorded are based on earnings
     formulas included in the agreements with the insurers.
     These formulas reflect the earnings patterns utilized by
     the insurers.  Any adjustments to these earnings will be
     reflected in income, when known.

     For the fiscal years ended March 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993
     the Company accrued for profit sharing in the amounts of
     $2,676,001, $1,364,089, and $424,905, respectively.  Such
     amounts are included in the financial statements as a
     reduction of  "Direct Costs".

     The accrued profit sharing due the Company as of March 31,
     1995 and 1994 is $4,467,104, and $1,788,994, respectively
     and such amounts are included in other receivables and
     receivable from insurance companies long-term in the
     financial statements.

     DEFERRED COMPENSATION - In 1989, certain operating officers
     were issued restricted shares of the Company's common stock
     as part of their compensation under their employment
     agreements.  Such compensation was charged to operations
     over five years, the term of the employment agreements.  In
     addition, in 1995 certain employees were issued restricted
     shares of the Company's common stock as compensation.  Such
     compensation is amortized over the restriction period which
     is generally two years.

     EARNINGS PER SHARE - Earnings per share is calculated by
     dividing net income by the weighted average number of
     common shares and common share equivalents outstanding
     during the period.

     CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS - Cash and cash equivalents for
     the purpose of reporting cash flows for all periods
     presented includes cash on deposit and highly liquid debt
     instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or
     less.

                                    28

<PAGE>


     INCOME TAXES - Effective April 1, 1993, the Company adopted
     Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109 ("SFAS
     109"), "Accounting for Income Taxes" which requires
     recognition of deferred tax assets or liabilities for the
     estimated future effects of temporary differences between
     the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and
     liabilities using presently enacted tax rates.  The
     principal book/tax differences are related to unrealized
     gains and losses on investments and deferred revenues.

     FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION -Financial statement accounts
     expressed in foreign currencies are translated into U.S.
     dollars in accordance with Statement of Financial
     Accounting Standards No. 52 "Foreign Currency Translation".
     The functional currency for Techmark Services, Ltd., the
     Company's United Kingdom Joint Venture is the British
     pound.   The translation from the British pound to U.S.
     dollars for the Company's share of earnings is performed
     using average exchange rates.

     RECLASSIFICATION - Certain prior years amounts have been
     reclassified to conform with the current year's
     presentation.



2.   CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT AND CASH TRUST FUND - RESTRICTED

     At March 31, 1995,  $500,000 is on deposit with a Florida
     regulatory agency to comply with its state insurance laws.
     These funds are classified as noncurrent.

                                    29

<PAGE>

    3.    INVESTMENTS IN MARKETABLE SECURITIES



        At March 31, 1995, investments in marketable securities are comprised
        of the following:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                           Amortized              Gross Unrealized           Aggregate Fair            Carrying Amount
                            Cost               Gains          (Losses)           Value          Short Term            Long Term


<S>                   <C>                <C>                  <C>             <C>               <C>                  <C>
Corporate Bonds         $       336,325   $     962            $   (606)       $   336,681       $  272,344           $   64,337
Municipal Bonds               2,676,985         221             (70,036)         2,607,170             -               2,607,170
Callable Preferred
  Stock                         200,000         -                 -                200,000           200,000              -
                        _______________   _________            _________       ___________       ___________          __________
Total Investments
  in Marketable
  Securities            $     3,213,310   $   1,183            $(70,642)       $ 3,143,851     $     472,344          $2,671,507
                        ===============   =========            =========       ===========     =============          ==========
</TABLE>



        At March 31, 1994, investments in marketable securities are comprised
of the following:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                              Amortized             Gross Unrealized           Aggregate Fair            Carrying Amount
                            Cost              Gains          (Losses)            Value          Short Term         Long Term

<S>                   <C>                <C>               <C>               <C>               <C>               <C>
Corporate Bonds         $  333,000        $   16,394        $   -             $  349,394        $     -           $   333,000
Municipal Bonds          2,300,000            41,878          (27,121)         2,314,757           500,000          1,800,000
Callable Preferred
  Stock                        -                 -                 -                 -                 -                 -
                        __________        __________        __________        __________        __________        ___________ 
Total Investments
  in Marketable
  Securities            $2,633,000        $   58,272        $ (27,121)        $2,664,151     $     500,000    $    2,133,000
                        ==========        ==========        ==========        ==========     =============    ==============
</TABLE>



        The amortized cost and estimated market value of marketable securities, 
by contractual maturity date, are listed below.  Expected maturities may 
differ from contracted maturities because borrowers may have the right to call
or prepay obligations with or without penalties.




<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                             Amortized Cost          Aggregate
                                                                     Fair Value
<S>                                       <C>                  <C>
Investments available for sale:
Due in one year or less                    $       471,382      $       472,344
Due after one year through five years            2,047,514            1,981,982
Due after five years through ten years             694,414              689,525
Due after ten years                                  -                     -
                                           _______________      _______________
                                           $     3,213,310      $     3,143,851
                                           ===============      ===============
</TABLE>



        All of the above investments are considered "available for sale".
The resultant differences between the cost and fair value, net of taxes, have
been reflected as components on Stockholders' Equity.




                                    30

<PAGE>


4.   PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

     Property and equipment is summarized as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                MARCH 31,
                                                         1995           1994
<S>                                              <C>             <C>
Automobiles                                       $     16,901    $      16,901
Equipment, furniture and fixtures                    4,725,444        3,281,152
Leasehold improvements                                 300,272          244,959
                                                  ____________    _____________
                                                     5,042,617        3,543,012
Less:  Accumulated depreciation
  and amortization                                   2,639,234        2,131,038
                                                  ____________    _____________
                                                     2,403,383        1,411,974
                                                  ____________    _____________
Assets under capital leases:
  Cost                                               1,657,220        1,786,400
  Less:  Accumulated amortization                    1,194,693        1,018,849
                                                  ____________    _____________
                                                       462,527          767,551
                                                  ____________    _____________
                                                   $ 2,865,910    $   2,179,525
                                                  ============    =============
</TABLE>

      Amortization of assets under capital leases for the years
      ended March 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993 was $289,765,
      $357,370, and $171,752, respectively.  Depreciation on
      property and equipment other than under capital leases for
      the years ended March 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993 was
      $515,596, $584,285, and $559,059, respectively.

5.   INSURANCE ESCROW FUNDS - ADMINISTRATIVE COSTS

     At March 31, 1995 and 1994, the Company's insurance
     carriers are holding $199,389, in escrow accounts to
     reserve for future administrative costs in the event the
     Company is not able to administer the claims on outstanding
     contracts.  Such amounts are returnable to the Company if
     and when the insurance agreements are terminated or as the
     contracts expire.

6.   SPLIT DOLLAR LIFE INSURANCE POLICIES

     As of March 31, 1995 and 1994, the Company made payments
     from inception to date totaling $698,338 and $595,788,
     respectively, on split dollar insurance policies on the
     lives of five officers of the Company, which are included
     in other non-current assets.  The Company will receive a
     refund of all split-dollar premiums advanced and has a
     security interest in any proceeds of the policies up to the
     amount of premiums paid and interest earned thereon.

                                    31


<PAGE>

    7.    LONG-TERM DEBT AND CAPITAL LEASE OBLIGATIONS

     Long-term debt and capital lease obligations consists of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         March 31,
                                                          1995             1994
<S>                                                <C>                 <C>
Capital lease obligations - for property and
   equipment  payable monthly with interest
   rates ranging from 8.6% to 11.3% through 1999     $490,343           $819,892
Installment note - collateralized by equipment
   with an undepreciated cost of $5,164 payable
   in equal monthly installments of $393
   including interest at 5.44% through
   February, 1997.                                      8,505             12,568
                                                     ________           ________
                                                      498,848            832,460
Less: Current maturities                              205,200            355,585
                                                     ________           ________
Long-term portion                                    $293,648           $476,875
                                                     ========           ========
</TABLE>

      The aggregate amounts of maturities at March 31,
      1995 were as follows:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Fiscal Year                            Long-Term         Minimum Future Lease
                                         Debt                  Payments
<S>                             <C>                    <C>
1996                             $         4,315        $            240,676
1997                                       4,190                     186,791
1998                                         -                       127,127
1999                                         -                         3,884
2000                                         -                          -
                                 _______________       _____________________
                                           8,505                     558,478
Less amount representing
   interest                                  -                        68,135
                                 _______________       _____________________
                                 $         8,505       $             490,343
                                 ===============       =====================
</TABLE>

                                    32

<PAGE>
    8.        INCOME TAXES

     In accordance with SFAS 109, deferred income tax
     assets and liabilities reflect the impact    of
     temporary differences between values recorded as
     assets and liabilities for financial reporting
     purposes and values utilized for remeasurement in
     accordance with tax laws.

     A reconciliation of the effective income tax rate
     used to compute the income tax provision for the
     three years ended March 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993
     to the rate and amount computed using the federal
     statutory rate on ordinary income before income
     taxes is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   MARCH 31,
                                   1995                           1994                       1993
<S>                     <C>                <C>         <C>             <C>           <C>              <C>
Federal statutory rate   $  1,681,513       35.0%       $  351,000      35.0 %        $   722,000      34.0%
State and local income
  taxes net of federal
  tax benefit including 
  1993 state tax accrual 
  for audit matters           101,141        2.1            70,000      6.9               133,000       6.2
Amortization of excess
  cost over net assets
  acquired                     90,648        1.9              -          -                178,000       8.4
Other                        (69,161)       (1.5)            2,656      0.2                29,802       1.4
Benefit for recognition
  of tax deductibility of
  prior years' amortization of
  acquired customer list         -            -           (312,000)   (31.0)                   -         -
Loss of foreign joint
  venture                    104,395         2.2           188,000     18.7                    -         -
                         ___________       _____        __________    _____              ___________   ____  
Provision for income 
  taxes                 $  1,908,536       39.7%        $  299,656     29.8 %            $ 1,062,802   50.0%
                        ============       =====        ==========     ======            ===========   =====
</TABLE>


The components of tax expense are as follows:

      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 3/31/95:

                     CURRENT          DEFERRED         PROVISION

      Federal   $    2,076,907     $   (242,100)     $   1,834,807
      State            101,141          (27,412)            73,729
                ______________     _____________     _____________
      Total     $    2,178,048     $   (269,512)     $   1,908,536
                ==============     =============     =============

                                     33

<PAGE>

     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 3/31/94:

                     CURRENT          DEFERRED         PROVISION

      Federal   $     527,656      $   (294,000)     $    233,656
      State            99,000           (33,000)           66,000
                _____________      _____________     ____________
      Total     $     626,656      $   (327,000)     $    299,656
                =============      =============     ============

     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 3/31/93:

                     CURRENT         DEFERRED          PROVISION

      Federal   $     906,523            --          $   906,523
      State           156,279            --              156,279
                _____________      _____________     ___________
      Total     $    1,062,802           --          $ 1,062,802
                ==============     =============     ===========



  The components of the net deferred assets are as
     follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        MARCH 31,
                                                1995               1994
<S>                                      <C>                <C>
Deferred Tax Assets:
   Deferred revenue                        $    963,475      $     690,400
   Amortization of intangible asset               -                590,000
   Deferred rent                                171,696            142,600
   Unrealized loss on securities                 27,089               -
   Other                                         55,283             86,654
                                          _____________      _____________
                                              1,217,543          1,509,654
   Valuation allowance                            -               (590,000)
                                          _____________      _____________
         Total assets                         1,217,543            919,654
                                          _____________      _____________
Deferred Tax Liabilities
   Excess of tax over book depreciation         102,659             58,172
   Installment sales                             85,801            129,000
                                          _____________      _____________
         Total liabilities                      188,460            187,172
                                          _____________      _____________
   Net deferred tax assets                $   1,029,083      $     732,482
                                          =============      =============
</TABLE>

      Management believes that it is more likely than not that the
      defered tax assets will be realized and therefore no
      valuation allowance is considered necessary.  The
      valuation allowance established at March 31, 1994 was for the
      amortization of intangibles which the 

                                    34

<PAGE>

      Company believed at the time may not have been recoverable.  Based 
      upon a Revenue Agent Review of prior years' tax returns, the Company
      no longer believes that a valuation allowance is necessary.

      As discussed in Note 1, the Company adopted SFAS No. 109,
      "Accounting for Income Taxes" during the fiscal year ended
      March 31, 1994.  This adoption did not have a material impact
      on the Company's financial position or results of
      operations.


9.   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

     OPERATING LEASE COMMITMENTS - The Company leases office and
     warehouse space under noncancellable operating leases.
     These leases include scheduled rent increases over their
     respective terms.  The accompanying consolidated
     statements of operations reflect rent expense on a straight-line
     basis over the lease terms, which differ from the cash payments
     required.  Rent expense charged to operations for the years ended
     March 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993 was $894,121, $730,917, and $501,496,
     respectively.

     Future minimum lease commitments as at March 31, 1995 are as
     follows:

        1996                                    $  817,588
        1997                                       771,205
        1998                                       799,623
        1999                                       789,492
        2000                                       450,933
        Thereafter through 2004                  1,676,011
                                                __________
                                                $5,304,852
                                                ==========

      EMPLOYMENT CONTRACTS - The Company entered into
      employment agreements with its officers and certain
      key employees which will provide for aggregate
      annual salaries of approximately $1,203,416.
      Certain agreements call for (i) annual increases
      (ii) cost of living increases, and (iii)
      additional compensation, but only if certain
      defined performance levels are attained.  This
      additional compensation is to be paid in the form of
      cash and or Company common stock.

      BONUS INCENTIVE PLAN - The Company has a Bonus
      Incentive Plan designed to reward key management
      personnel with bonuses based on the Company's net
      pre-tax operating income.  There were bonuses of
      $1,145,740, $46,669, and $236,092  under the Bonus
      Incentive Plan for the years ended March 31,
      1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively.

      BANK LINE OF CREDIT - The Company has a revolving
      credit agreement with a bank which provides for a
      maximum aggregate borrowing up to $1,000,000
      with interest at the bank's 

                                    35

<PAGE>


      prime rate.  As of March 31, 1995 the Company had no 
      outstanding borrowings under this agreement.

      LETTERS OF CREDIT - At March 31, 1995, the
      Company was contingently liable for letters of
      credit which are as follows:

      (i) Standby letter of credit in the amount
          of $42,623 issued to the landlord in lieu
          of a rent security deposit.

      (ii) Standby letter of credit in the amount
          of $16,339 issued to a lessor on certain
          equipment leased.  The Company has pledged
          funds in a certificate of deposit as
          collateral for the letter of credit.


     LITIGATION -

      (i) In December 1993, a lawsuit was filed by a
          former officer and director of the
          Company against the Company and one of its
          subsidiaries in a Texas Court.  This
          individual has alleged in the action that the
          Company wrongfully terminated an employment agreement
          between him and one of the Company's subsidiaries, and that
          it engaged in tortuous interference and
          fraud.  The individual has requested damages
          in excess of $5 million.  The employment agreement
          in question provides for arbitration in the
          State of Connecticut in the event of a dispute.  The Company
          requested the Texas court to enforce this provision and require
          its former employee to submit his claim to arbitration in
          Connecticut.  The Texas Court ruled, in an Order dated June
          14, 1994, that this action should be abated and that the
          claims in the action should be submitted to arbitration in
          Connecticut pursuant to the arbitration agreement between the
          parties.  On May 31, 1995, the Texas trial court dismissed the
          case pending in the District Court for want of prosecution,
          but the arbitration proceeding in Connecticut is still
          pending.

      (ii) In 1989, a lawsuit was filed in an Illinois
          court against a subsidiary of the Company by a former
          agent alleging  breach of contract.  While the complaint does not
          specify the dollar amount of its alleged damages, the plaintiff
          has retained an expert witness who estimates the plaintiff's
          damages in excess of $10 Million.  The Company has retained
          its own economic expert who will directly  refute the
          magnitude of the plaintiff's damages.  The company intends to
          vigorously defend this lawsuit.  No trial date has been set and
          discovery is continuing.

      (iii) The Company is a defendant is several actions/lawsuits
          regarding vehicle service claims, unpaid commissions and the
          alleged rights to intangible information.  The
          management of the Company is of the opinion that these
          lawsuits are without merit.  Counsel for the Company stated
          they cannot render an opinion on their 

                                    36

<PAGE>

          outcome.  In the opinion of management the outcome of these 
          actions/lawsuits will not have a material effect on the financial 
          condition of the Company.  In one of the actions/lawsuits the
          plaintiff has offered to settle the litigation for
          approximately $1,800,000, which the Company has rejected.

10.  CAPITAL STOCK

     STOCK OPTIONS AND STOCK OPTION PLAN - Under the Employee Incentive Stock
     Option Plan (the "Plan"), there are 300,000 shares of the Company's 
     common stock reserved for issuance to employees (including
     officers).  The options are to be granted at an exercise price not less
     than 100% of the fair market value of the Company's common stock at
     date of grant.  The number of shares granted, terms of
     exercise, and expiration dates are to be decided at the date of grant 
     of each option by the Company's Board of Directors.  The
     Plan will terminate in November 1998 unless sooner terminated by the 
     Board of Directors.

     On April 16, 1992 the Company's Board of Directors and subsequently
     on October 22, 1992 the shareholders of the Company at the annual 
     meeting voted to approve stock options to three directors (two of
     whom are officers and one is a former officer of the Company).  The stock
     options entitle the three Directors to purchase an aggregate of 3,000,000
     shares of the Company's common stock at an exercise price of $2.6875 
     per share; the market price at the date of grant.

     The term of the options is five (5) years from the date on which they 
     become exercisable or thirty days after termination of
     employment, whichever occurs earlier.  Of the total options granted,
     fifty percent (50%) may be exercised beginning one year following 
     October 22, 1992 in increments of 10% per year for a five-year
     period.  The remaining fifty percent (50%) are exercisable on October 22,
     1995.

                                     37



<PAGE>




     Stock options granted during the years ended March 31 are as follows:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           March 31,
                                                1995              1994             1993
<S>                                         <C>              <C>               <C>
Options outstanding at beginning
of year - shares                              3,237,833        3,214,500           256,000
Options granted                                  91,667          121,833         3,074,000
Options canceled                                (21,000)         (58,000)         (100,000)
Options exercised                               (75,000)         (40,500)          (15,500)
                                              _________        _________         _________
Options outstanding
  at end of year                              3,233,500        3,237,833         3,214,500
                                              =========        =========         =========
Exercise price options outstanding            $1.63-$6.38      $1.63-$6.38       $1.63-$6.10
                                              ===========      ===========       ===========
Exercise price of options exercised               $2.50        $1.63-$2.50       $1.63-$2.50
                                              ===========      ===========       ===========
</TABLE>

11.  OTHER INCOME

     Other income is comprised of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                      March 31,
                                                   1995                 1994                1993
<S>                                             <C>                  <C>                 <C>
Interest and dividend income                     $ 519,592             $ 209,301           $ 367,909
Interest expense                                   (88,032)             (146,530)           (160,534)
                                                 __________            __________          __________
                                                  $431,560             $ (62,771)          $ 207,375
                                                 =========             ==========          =========
</TABLE>

                                    38

<PAGE>

12.  JOINT VENTURE AGREEMENT

     On July 22, 1993, the Company and American International
     Group, Inc. ("AIG") entered into a joint venture agreement ("Joint 
     Venture Agreement").  Techmark Services, Ltd.
     ("Techmark"), was formed by execution of the Agreement
     in the United Kingdom among AIG Europe (UK) Limited
     ("AIGE"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of AIG, the
     Company and Warrantech (UK) Ltd. ("Warrantech UK") a
     wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.

     Under the terms of the Joint Venture Agreement,
     AIGE and Warrantech UK have agreed to purchase 51% and
     49%, respectively, of the equity of Techmark for
     $1,785,000 and $1,715,000, respectively.  The Joint
     Venture Agreement provides Techmark with a right of
     first-refusal to administer all new insurance programs
     which are proposed to be underwritten by AIGE, and
     which will utilize a third-party administrator,
     subject to certain exception, and provides
     AIGE or its affiliates with a right of first-refusal to
     issue insurance policies related to programs which
     are proposed to be marketed or administered by
     Techmark, subject to certain exceptions.  The
     Joint Venture Agreement also contains provisions
     relating to rights of the parties upon defaults,
     confidentiality and noncompetition covenants.
     The Company has guaranteed Warrantech UK's obligations
     under the Joint Venture Agreement.

     In connection with the formation of Techmark, the
     Company licensed to Techmark certain computer
     software programs which are integral to Techmark's
     operations and agreed to provide, at additional
     cost, certain ongoing maintenance and support
     services related thereto.  Under the terms of such
     license, the Company has recognized a fee of
     $660,000 payable in twelve equal quarterly
     installments commencing December 31, 1993.  In
     addition, the Company is to be reimbursed approximately
     $513,000 for software conversion costs associated
     with support services rendered to Techmark along
     with other costs incurred by the Company on behalf of
     Techmark.  At March 31, 1995, amounts owing of
     $829,042 are reflected in other receivables in the
     financial statements.

                                   39

<PAGE>

     Following is the summarized financial information for
     this investment which is accounted for under the
     equity method:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                       March 31,
                                              1995                     1994
<S>                                        <C>                    <C>
Current assets                              $  6,033,375             $  2,059,000
Noncurrent assets                              1,258,347                1,696,000
Current liabilities                            3,045,517                1,586,000
Noncurrent liabilities and equity              4,246,605                2,169,000
Net revenues                                  47,148,168                7,073,000
Net loss                                    $   (608,718)            $ (1,099,000)
                                            ============             ============
Company's equity in net loss                $   (298,272)            $   (538,385)
Company's investment in and advances to 
  Joint Venture                                3,300,055                1,715,000
Less:  Elimination of intercompany 
  profits                                       (120,862)                (176,400)
                                            ____________             ____________
Investment in and advances to Joint Venture $  2,880,921             $  1,000,215
                                            ============             ============
</TABLE>

      The fiscal 1994 summarized information for Techmark
      includes the results from July 1993 (commencement of
      operations) through March 31, 1994.

      The fiscal 1995 summarized information for Techmark
      includes the results of Techmark Services Japan
      from October 1994 (commencement of
      operations) through March 31, 1995 which was a loss
      of approximately $1,200,000.

      The joint venture, Techmark, during fiscal 1995 eliminated a
      non-profitable portion of its UK operation's business with a
      major customer.  This action is expected to result in reduced
      revenues, but improved margins.

                                    40

<PAGE>

    13.   REDEEMABLE PREFERRED STOCK

     As part of the Joint Venture Agreement with AIG,
     Warrantech issued in a private placement on
     October 18, 1993, 3,234,697 shares of Convertible
     Redeemable Exchangeable Preferred Shares (the
     "Preferred Shares").  The Preferred Shares are
     convertible (a) at any time during the two years
     commencing on the third anniversary date of
     issuance and (b) in the event that the Joint
     Venture Agreement is terminated prior to the
     third anniversary of issuance, at any time
     during the period commencing on the date of
     such termination and ending on the fifth anniversary,
     into an equivalent number of shares of Common Stock.

     In the event that the joint venture is terminated prior
     to the third anniversary of issuance, AIG has the right
     to exchange the Preferred Shares at any time prior to
     the fifth anniversary of the closing date for
     $6,430,000 principal amount of 8% subordinated notes
     ("Notes") of the Company with a maturity date which
     is ten years from the date of issuance of the Notes.

     The holders of the Preferred Shares shall be
     entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the
     Board of Directors out of funds legally available
     therefore, dividends as such dividends are paid to
     holders of shares of Common Stock.  The Preferred
     Shares shall have a priority in liquidation
     over the shares of Common Stock.  Each share of
     Preferred Stock shall have one vote.  In addition, the
     Company shall have no right to redeem the Preferred
     Shares at any time.

     Upon certain events of dilution the conversion
     price of the Preferred Shares shall be subject to
     adjustment.

14.  SIGNIFICANT CUSTOMERS

     The Company has one significant customer that
     accounted for approximately 10%, 11%, and 11% of gross
     revenues for the years ended March 31, 1995, 1994
     and 1993, respectively.

15.  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

    During the year ended March 31, 1995, the Company
    recognized net insurance expense of $15,893,173 for insurance
    coverage provided by AIG for certain service contract programs.
    At March 31, 1995 the Company had a receivable for accrued profit 
    sharing from AIG of $1,524,920.

                                    41

<PAGE>


16.  QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)

     The following fiscal quarterly financial
     information for each of the three months ended
     June 30, September 30, December 31, 1994 and 1993
     and March 31, 1995 and 1994 is unaudited.
     However, in the opinion of management, all
     adjustments (consisting of normal recurring
     adjustments) necessary to present fairly the results
     of operations for such periods, have been made
     for a fair presentation of the results shown.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                               Quarter Ended              Quarter Ended              Quarter Ended              Quarter Ended
                              JUNE 30,                   SEPTEMBER 30,                DECEMBER 30,                 MARCH 31,
                        1994           1993          1994           1993          1994        1993          1995           1994
<S>               <C>           <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>          <C>            <C>           <C>

Net revenues        $13,939,184  $10,986,639    $17,018,432    $11,940,198    $20,202,935  $12,493,516    $19,378,774   $11,234,120
Income from
    operations          857,090      397,350        611,490        260,741      1,019,879      678,390      2,182,577(1)    142,380
Income (loss)
     before provision
     for income 
     taxes              968,155      400,975        834,275       (81,021)      1,271,041      492,216      1,730,853       191,104
Net income (loss)   $   618,813   $  219,932    $   539,652    $ (204,906)    $ 1,032,696  $    79,671    $   704,627   $   608,894
Earnings per
     share:
Primary                  $.04         $.02           $.04         ($.02)         $.07           $.01           $.04         $.04
Fully Diluted            $.04           -            $.03            -           $.06            -             $.04         $.04
</TABLE>

     (1)  As a result of reviews with its insurers of profit
     sharing calculations, the Company increased its accrued profit
     sharing income by approximately $700,000 in the fourth
     quarter of fiscal 1995.

                                    42

<PAGE>



      WARRANTECH CORPORATION AND
             SUBSIDIARIES

 SCHEDULE II-VALUATION AND QUALIFYING
               ACCOUNTS



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
              Column                      Column                     Column                     Column                Column
                 A                           B                          C                          D                     E

                                        Balance at                  Additions                 Deductions-           Balance at
             Description                Beginning        Charged to     Charged to Other                            End of
                                        of Year          Costs          Accounts-Describe     Describe              of Year

<S>                               <C>                  <C>             <C>                 <C>                  <C>
Year Ended March 31, 1995:         
     Allowance for doubtful 
     accounts                      $       -            $  427,483      $       -           $  301,368(a)        $   126,115
Year Ended March 31, 1994:
     Allowance for doubtful 
     acccounts                            5,000             10,995              -               15,995(a)               -
Year Ended March 31, 1993:
     Allowance for doubtful
     accounts                      $    631,574         $  303,436      $       -           $  930,010(a)        $     5,000
</TABLE>


(a)          Amount of write-offs during the year.

                                    43

<PAGE>

       Item 9.     CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON 
                   ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES


   The  Company's independent public  accountants  for  the
fiscal year  ended  March 31, 1994 were Deloitte &  Touche.
On  August 11, 1994  the Company's  Board of Directors
authorized the dismissal  of Deloitte   &  Touche  as  its
independent accountants.  The Board  of  Directors  of  the
Company and its audit committee participated in and
approved the decision  to dismiss Deloitte &  Touche as
independent  accountants  for the Company.

   The report of Deloitte & Touche on the financial
statements of the Company for the fiscal year ended March
31, 1994 contained no adverse opinion or disclaimer of
opinion and was not qualified or modified as to
uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principles, except
that reference was made to certain litigation and to a
change in the Company's accounting for income taxes
to conform with Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 109 in fiscal 1994.

   The Company  believes that in connection with its audit
of the fiscal year ended March 31, 1994 and through
August 11, 1994, there were no disagreements with
Deloitte & Touche on any matter of accounting
principles or practices, financial disclosure or
auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements if not
resolved  to the satisfaction of Deloitte & Touche would
have caused them to make reference thereto in their
report on the financial statements for the fiscal
year ended March 31, 1994. In discussions with Deloitte &
Touche in connection with the preparation  of the Form 8-K,
announcing their dismissal as independent accountants,
Deloitte & Touche informed the Company that there were
three issues raised during the course of their audit of
the Company's financial statements for the fiscal
year ended March 31, 1994, which they believe constituted 
disagreements.  All of these issues were, however, resolved 
to Deloitte & Touche's satisfaction in the presentation of the
financial statements.   The issues raised  by  Deloitte &
Touche were as follows:

   -      Profit sharing recognition methodology, whereby Deloitte & Touche
   evaluated the Company's methodology for the recognition ofprofit
   sharing which is based on a calculation of profits as determined in
   accordance with contractual agreements between the Company and
   certain insurance companies, and concluded that the profit sharing
   calculation methodology should instead be based on an  estimate  of  
   ultimate profit, if any, to be earned under the contractual agreements
   (contractually  stipulated maximum allowable losses less actuarial 
   estimate of ultimate losses) multiplied by the ratio of
   losses paid to date to the actuarial estimate of ultimate losses to be
   incurred under the contractual agreements.

   -  Restriction on auditing scope and procedures,
   arising out of the Company's reluctance to
   have Deloitte & Touche perform an actuarial study
   of its profit sharing calculations, because the
   Company did not believe that actuarial consultants, unfamiliar
   with the Company's industry and business, could properly perform
   such a study, taking into consideration all the factors necessary 
   to make an informed judgment in the time permitted.  Nevertheless, 
   the Company acceded to Deloitte & Touche's request to have
   such study performed and accepted the findings of the study as 
   presented to it by Deloitte & Touche.

                                   44

<PAGE>


   - Capitalization of start- up costs with respect to
   the Company's joint venture, Techmark Services Ltd., formed 
   in July 1993, whereby the Company inquired as to the
   appropriateness of the deferral of certain start-
   up costs of the joint venture.  While there were several 
   discussions relating to the accounting for such costs, the
   determination  by Deloitte & Touche that deferral of
   such costs would be inappropriate was agreed to by the Company 
   and no adjustment ever was proposed, insisted upon or
   required by the Company.

   -  Consolidation of the Company's joint venture, Techmark Services 
   Ltd., whereby the Company requested Deloitte & Touche to consider the
   appropriateness  of consolidating this significant joint venture.
   It should be noted that the Company's interest in such joint venture 
   has from inception and continues to be accounted for by the Company 
   under the equity method of accounting approved by Deloitte & Touche 
   and the Company's request to Deloitte & Touche was a theoretical one, 
   in contemplation of certain proposed changes in ownership of the joint
   venture that have not occurred.

   Management and Deloitte & Touche discussed these issues
during the course of the audit and the Board of Directors of the 
Company was made aware of these discussions   by  management.
Deloitte & Touche informed the audit committee of its
position on these issues, and the audit committee determined that 
all of the issues were resolved to the satisfaction of Deloitte &
Touche in the presentation of all matters included in the
financial statements as filed in the Company's Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1994.

   Upon filing a report on Form 8-K with the SEC relating to the 
dismissal of Deloitte & Touche, the Company requested that
Deloitte & Touche furnish  it with a letter addressed to
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Commission")
stating whether or not it agreed with the statements
contained therein.  A copy of Deloitte & Touche's letter,
dated September  30, 1994, is filed as an exhibit to the
amendment  filed  October  4, 1994 to the Company's report
on Form  8-K dated August 18, 1994.

                                    45


<PAGE>

          PART III


Item 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT.

      The  Board  of  Directors is comprised   of   eight   directors
elected  by  the stockholders,  to hold office for a one year period.
The  following  persons were directors   of   the  Company  for
fiscal  1995 and are  expected  to continue  to  serve  as such until
the   next   annual  meeting of stockholders called in the year in
which their terms expire and until their  respective  successors  are
duly elected and qualified.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                      Director
Name                                         Age        Positions with Company                         Since
<S>                                         <C>        <C>                                       <C>
Joel San Antonio                             42         Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive          1983
                                                        Officer and Director
William Tweed                                55         President and Director                          1983
Jeff J. White                                44         Director                                        1983
William Rueger                               75         Director                                        1987
Michael J. Salpeter, D.M.D.                  43         Director                                        1993
Kurt R. Schwamberger                         48         Director                                        1993
Jo Ann Duarte                                48         Director                                        1993
Lawrence Richenstein                         42         Director                                        1993
</TABLE>


      No family relationships exist among any  of  the Company's
executive officers or directors.

      The  business experience  of each  of the  Company's  directors
and nominees  for  election to the Board of Directors is as follows:

      JOEL SAN ANTONIO, 42, one of the  Company's  founders,   was  a
Director,  Chief Executive Officer and President  of the Company from
incorporation through February 1988.  Since February 1988 Mr. San
Antonio has been a Director, Chief Executive Officer  and Chairman of
the Board of Directors and since October 27, 1989, he has also been
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company's principal
operating subsidiaries, Warrantech Consumer  Product  Services,  Inc.
("WCPS") and Warrantech Automotive, Inc.  In 1975, Mr. San
Antonio  founded  and,  thereafter through August,  1982,  served  as
President of Little Lorraine, Ltd.,  a  company engaged  in  the
manufacturing  of women's apparel.  Mr. San Antonio is currently a
member of the Southwestern Connecticut Area Commerce & Industry 
Association, the World Forum, the Connecticut  Business
and Industry Association, the Metropolitan Museum of Art.


      WILLIAM TWEED,  55,  one  of the Company's founders, was  a
Director,  Vice   President and Secretary of the  Company  from
incorporation through February 1988.   Since  February 1988,  Mr.
Tweed  has  been  a  Director  and President.  From July 1976 through
August 1982, he was Vice President of Little Lorraine, Ltd.   Mr.
Tweed  served  as  a  Director  of Nationwide Extended Warranty
Service,  Inc.  from  in  or about October  1981 through in or  about
January 1983.

                                    46


<PAGE>

      JEFF J. WHITE, 44, has been a Director of the Company from its
inception.   Mr.  White  was  Vice President of the Company from its
inception  until June 1988  and Treasurer of the Company  from its
inception until October 1990.   In September 1982, Mr. White assisted
in  the  establishment  of Marchon Eyewear, Inc., an importer of
eyeglass  frames.   He  is a major shareholder  of  Marchon,  and  is
responsible for banking,investment  and  related financial
matters  as  well  as  interfacing ith counsel on patent,  trademark
and  general legal matters  and formulating  and  implementing all
internal operations.   From August 1973 through April 1982, Mr. White
served as General Manager and Director  of Operations for Avant-
Garde Optics,  Inc.,  an importer-distributor  of  eyeglass  frames.
His responsibilities for such company were similar to  his
responsibilities at Marchon.

      WILLIAM  RUEGER, 75,  was  a consultant  to  the  Company  from
1985  to  1987.   Since   November 1987,   Mr.   Rueger  has  been  a
Director of the  Company  and  was Secretary  from  February  1988 to
August 1990.  Mr. Rueger was Senior Vice President,  Corporate
Planning  and  Development, of GTE Corporation from  1982 to 1984 and
was  employed by GTE  Corporation, its subsidiary, GTE Products Corp.
(as Vice President and General Counsel) and predecessor companies, 
including  Sylvania Electric, from 1950  until  his retirement in 1984.  
Mr. Rueger is an attorney and serves  as Village Judge in Old Westbury, 
New York.

      MICHAEL J. SALPETER, D.M.D., 43, co-founded Fulton  Health
Associates, P.C. ("Fulton Group"), a full scope dental health center,
in July 1979.  Since July 1979, in addition to establishing  multiple
centers,  Dr.  Salpeter has served as  the  Fulton Group's  Principal
Partner and has maintained a full-time practice in general dentistry.  
Dr.Salpeter also serves  as a management and marketing officer of Knowlton &
Associates,   a   consulting  firm involved  in  health   policy  and
practice management.  Dr. Salpeter also  serves as the President  and
Managing Officer of Lifetyme Care, Inc.,  a managed care dental
program.

      KURT  R.  SCHWAMBERGER,  48, has been employed with American
International Group, Inc.  ("AIG") since 1985.  Mr. Schwamberger  was
responsible  for the formation and development of  the Personal Lines
Division of American International Underwriters of which  he  is  the
President.   Mr. Schwamberger is also a Vice President of New
Hampshire   Insurance  Company,  a Director of Landmark Insurance
Company  (U.K.)  and  Chairman  of Techmark Services Ltd.  Mr.
Schwamberger's responsibilities include the worldwide  development
of  Warranty  and Vehicle  Service Contract Programs for AIG.

      JO ANN DUARTE, 48,  has been employed with AIG since June 1972,
when she was an Accounting Manager for Domestic Life  Companies.  
In May  1991,  Ms. Duarte was elected Senior Vice President  of Domestic
Life Companies.  She is  currently Senior Vice President and Chief
Financial  Officer of AIG-Cost Containment Division.

      LAWRENCE  RICHENSTEIN, 42, has been President and Chairman of
the Board of Lonestar Technologies, Ltd.,  a  consumer
electronics  company located in Hicksville, New York, since 1985.
In  addition  to  having sales and marketing experience, Mr.
Richenstein is involved in product development.   Mr.  Richenstein is
an attorney admitted  to  practice in New York who has, in the  past,
served as a director of two public companies, both  of  which  were
involved in the electronics industry.

                                    47


<PAGE>

OTHER EXECUTIVE OFFICERS  AND  KEY EMPLOYEES

      BERNARD J. WHITE, 50, joined Warrantech  in  February,  1994 as
Vice  President-Finance, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer.  From
1992 to  February  1994, Mr. White was  Executive  Vice President  of
Finance  and  Administration/Chief Financial Officer at ENTEX Information 
Services, Inc.,  a reseller of computer hardware, LAN
and   WAN  designs  and  services.  From 1972  to  1992, Mr. White was
employed by Smith Corona Corporation  (SCM Corporation  and
Hanson Industries,  Inc. following its acquisition of SCM
Corporation)  in various financial capacities, ultimately serving
from 1979 as Vice President Finance-Controller, overseeing
both  domestic  and  international operations.

      DESIREE KIM CABAN, 30, has been Secretary of the Company
since July  1993  and has been the Executive Assistant to the
Chairman  and  the Office Services Manager  for  the   Company  since
1989.   She  has been employed  by the Company since May 1986.  Prior
thereto, Ms. Caban was a personnel assistant for the St. Paul
Insurance Company's New York regional  office.   Ms.  Caban  is
currently a member of the National Association for Female Executives.

      RONALD  GLIME, 50, has been President of Warrantech
Automotive,  Inc. since  October 1992.   Prior thereto he was
Regional Sales Manager for Warrantech  Automotive, Inc. (then
known as Warrantech  Dealer  Based Services, Inc.) from February 1991
through  October  1992.  From 1983 through February 1991,  Mr.  Glime
was an independent insurance agent for various insurance companies.
Prior thereto,  from  1978 through 1982, Mr. Glime served  in various
capacities including President at American Warranty Corp., a company
in the warranty  administration business.  From 1977 through 1978,
Mr. Glime  was  an  agent for Life Investors Insurance Co. of America, 
a subsidiary  of  Life Investors,  Inc.   Prior  thereto,
from  1966  until  1977, Mr. Glime was Vice President in  charge  of
the  credit life accident  and health division of Life  Investors
Insurance Co. of America.

      RICHARD RODRIGUEZ, 41,  has been  Chief Operating  Officer  of
the Company's Euless, Texas facilities  since  February  1992.
He has been with the Company since March 1987  and  has  held   the
positions of National  Service Manager, Vice President of
Operations and Senior Vice President  of Operations for WCPS.
Mr. Rodriguez  served as Secretary of WCPS from August  1991  through
July  1992.   From  December  1986 through March   1987   he   was
Manufacturing/Production   Manager for Crown, Cork  &  Seal.   Mr.
Rodriguez was a service consultant from  June  1984  through  October
1986 specializing  in the areas of warranty  administration,  quality
control and  parts warehousing and distribution to  manufacturers  of
consumer electronic products.

      KEVIN RUPKEY, 36, has been President  of Warrantech  Consumer
Product Services, Inc. since April 1994.   Prior thereto,  he  was
Manager, National Accounts for  GE Consumer  Marketing from June 1990
where he was responsible for sales and  marketing   of  GE's  Service
Protection  Plus  Program.  From August  1987  until  June 1990 Mr.
Rupkey was District Sales  Manager for GE Appliances.  Prior thereto,
Mr. Rupkey held various sales  and marketing  positions with GE since
1980.

      RANDALL SAN ANTONIO, 41, has been  Vice President  and  General
Manager of Warrantech Direct, Inc. since May  1994.  Prior thereto he
was Vice President of Finance of Castle  Hill Production Inc.  from
June 1984.   Prior  thereto,  from May  1983 until June 1984, Mr. San
Antonio  was the controller of the New  York office  of  Smith  Hotel
Associates, Inc., a hotel management corporation.

None of the Company's directors or executive  officers  is a director
of any other public company.

INFORMATION CONCERNING MEETINGS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

      During the fiscal year ended March 31, 1995, the Board of
Directors held five meetings.  All such  meetings were fully attended
except  three  at which Jeffrey S. White was not present  and  two at
which Kurt R. Schwamberger was not present.  The Company has an Audit
Committee,  consisting  of Messrs. Rueger and White and Ms.  Duarte.
Such committee  met  twice  during the 1995 fiscal year.  The Company
has a Compensation Committee, formed in February 1994, consisting of 
Messrs.  Rueger, Salpeter and White.  This committee met once during 
the last fiscal year.

                                    48

<PAGE>

Item 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.

           EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

Summary Compensation Table

    The following table provides information for the years  ended March
31,  1995,  1994  and 1993, concerning the annual and long-term  compensation
of the chief executive officer and each  executive  officer  whose  total
annual  salary plus  bonuses exceeded $100,000 for the fiscal year ended
March 31, 1995.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                   Long Term Compensation
                                   Annual Compensation                                 Awards
                                                            Other Annual      Restricted      Stock Option   All
Name and Principal       Year    Salary(2)(4)    Bonus      Compensation(2)   Stock           (Shares)       Other
Positions                                                                     Awards          Awards         Compensation

<S>                     <C>      <C>           <C>          <C>              <C>              <C>            <C>
Joel San Antonio         1995     $269,398      $576,957     $7,432               -              -            -
Chairman of the Board    1994      216,580        20,408      7,353               -            1,204,080      -
and  Executive  Chief    1993      188,408       120,454      8,505               -              -            -
Officer

William Tweed            1995      265,721       577,773      7,927               -              -            -
President                1994      212,109        19,592      7,816               -              938,775      -
                         1993      204,601       115,638      8,906               -              -            -

Bernard J. White         1995      115,000        58,683      4,800            $12,760           -            -
Vice President of        1994       11,058          -           800               -            25,000         -
Finance, Chief           1993         -             -            -                -              -            -
Financial Officer

Richard Rodriguez        1995       79,688        55,524     14,793               -            14,000         -
Chief Operating          1994       75,861        12,230     14,793               -              -            -
Officer                  1993       67,023        36,490     14,793               -              -            -

Ronald Glime             1995      129,132(5)      7,868     37,489               -              -            -
President of Warrantech  1994      108,234(5)       -          -                  -              -            -
Automotive, Inc.         1993       43,561          -          -                  -              -            -
</TABLE>

(1) Its  1988  Stock Option Plan is its only long-term
incentive plan.
(2) Included in  Other  Annual  Compensation  are auto
    allowances  given  to each officer, life insurance
    premiums  for  Messrs,  San  Antonio,  Tweed,  and
    Rodriguez,  and  living expenses paid Ronald Glime
    in fiscal  1995.
(3) All options reflect  the  1-for-10  reverse  stock
    split of the Company's shares on August 1, 1990.
(4) In 1993, the Company paid (i) Mr. San Antonio  and
    Mr.  Tweed  $11,209 and $23,130, respectively, for
    salary  adjustments  in  1993  and  (ii)  Mr.  San
    Antonio  and   Mr.   Tweed   $4,760  and  $19,583,
    respectively,  for salary adjustments  accrued  in
    1989 and 1990.

(5) Consisting of $76,668  in  base salary and $52,464
    of  commissions  in fiscal 1995 and  $69,058  in  base
    salary and $39,176 of commissions in fiscal 1994.

                                   49

<PAGE>

STOCK OPTIONS

    No stock options  were  granted to any individuals
named in the Summary Compensation  Table during fiscal
1995  except  Ronald  Glime.   Mr. Glime  was  granted
options to purchase 46,667 shares  in  June 1994 at an
exercise  price  of  $4.563  per share.  Such  options
become   exercisable   only  if  certain   performance
criteria  are  achieved.    Such  options  represented
approximately 51% of all options  granted to employees
during fiscal 1995.  The potential realizable value of
such  options  during  the  option  term  is  $86,661,
assuming  a  5% annual rate of stock appreciation  and
$197,728, assuming  stock  price  appreciation  at  an
annual  rate  of  10%.   The Company does not have any
outstanding stock appreciation rights.

OPTIONS EXERCISED AND HOLDINGS

    The following table sets  forth  information  with
respect  to  the  individuals  listed  in  the Summary
Compensation   Table   above,  concerning  unexercised
options held as of the end of the 1995 fiscal year.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                         Shares Acquired     Value              Number of Unexercised Options       Value of Unexercised In-the-
    Name                 on Exercise         Realized              at Fiscal Year-End(#)         Money Options at Fiscal Year-End
                                                                                                                ($)
                                                             Exercisable        Unexercisable      Exercisable        Unexercisable
<S>                      <C>                  <C>            <C>             <C>                    <C>               <C>
Joel San Antonio             -                  -             240,816         963,264                $556,887          $2,227,548

William Tweed                -                  -             187,756         751,018                 434,181           1,736,734

Bernard White                -                  -              16,666           8,334                    -               -

Ronald Glime                 -                  -              25,546          77,454                  51,092              29,333

Richard Rodriguez            -                  -              10,250            3,750                   -               -
</TABLE>

(1) Based on the closing price of common Stock as
reported on the NASDAQ National Market System for
March 31, 1995.

                                   50


<PAGE>


EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS

   Effective  on  November  7,  1993, the
Company entered into five-year employment
agreements   with  each  of  Messrs.  San
Antonio and Tweed.   Messrs.  San Antonio
and  Tweed each devote substantially  all
of their  working  time to the affairs of
the Company.  The agreements  provide for
annual base salaries initially  at a rate
of $250,000, with annual increases of 10%
together with an adjustment based upon an
employment  cost  index published by  the
Bureau of Labor Statistics.

   Messrs.  San  Antonio  and  Tweed  are
entitled    under    their     employment
agreements  to  be  reimbursed  for   all
ordinary,    reasonable   and   necessary
expenses  incurred   by   them   in   the
performance of their duties.  The Company
provides   each  such  executive  with  a
comprehensive   medical-dental  insurance
policy as well as disability coverage and
a life insurance-death  benefit policy in
excess of $1,000,000.  In  the event that
one    of    such    executives   becomes
"disabled",  the  Company  will  pay  the
disabled executive's  salary for a period
not to exceed twelve months.  However, it
is    expected    that    the   Company's
obligations will be partially  offset  by
proceeds  from  the  disability insurance
policy, which shall be  the equivalent of
approximately 80% of the salary and which
shall  become payable after  90  days  of
disability.   In  addition,  Messrs.  San
Antonio   and   Tweed   each  receive  an
automobile expense allowance  of $500 per
month.

   Effective   February  28,  1994,   the
Company   entered   into   an   at   will
employment   agreement  with  Bernard  J.
White,  its  Chief   Financial   Officer.
Pursuant  to  such  agreement,  Mr. White
receives  a  base salary initially  at  a
rate  of $9,583  per  month,  subject  to
review  each  year with a minimum cost of
living adjustment  of  5%  or  an  amount
equal to the increased cost of living for
the   lower   State   of  Connecticut  as
measured   by   the  appropriate   index,
whichever is greater  at the time of each
such  review.  Under the  terms  of  such
agreement,   Mr.  White  receives  annual
bonuses equal to a share of 3% of the net
annual operating  profit  before taxes of
the  Company.     Mr.  White receives  an
automobile  expense allowance  comparable
to  that  provided  the  Company's  other
executive officers  but  in no event less
than  $400 per month.  The  Company  also
provides   Mr.   White   with  comparable
medical/dental    and   other   insurance
coverage to that provided  to  its  other
executive  officers.   The  Company  also
reimburses  all  ordinary, reasonable and
necessary expenses  incurred by Mr. White
in the performance of  his  duties.   Mr.
White  is  entitled to participate in the
profit sharing,  bonus, pension and other
employee benefit plans  that  the Company
has in effect from time to time.

   Effective October 17, 1992, Warrantech
Automotive, Inc. entered into a five-year
employment  agreement with Ronald  Glime,
its   President.     Pursuant   to   such
agreement,  Mr.  Glime  receives  a  base
salary  of $6,389 per month.   Under  the
terms  of   such   agreement,  Mr.  Glime
receives monthly bonuses  based  upon the
number   of   vehicle  service  contracts
processed by Warrantech  Automotive, Inc.
In  addition,  under such agreement,  Mr.
Glime was granted  options to purchase an
aggregate  of  100,000   shares   of  the
Company's    common   stock   under   its
Incentive Stock Option Plan.

                   51

<PAGE>


   Effective April  1,  1991, the Company
entered   into  a  five-year   employment
agreement  with  Richard  Rodriguez,  its
Chief Operating  Officer.  Such agreement
provides for a base salary initially at a
rate of $55,650, subject  to  review each
year   with  a  minimum  cost  of  living
adjustment of 5% at the time of each such
review.    Under   the   terms   of  such
agreement, Mr. Rodriguez receives  annual
bonuses equal to a share of 3% of the net
annual  operating profit before taxes  of
the Company.   Mr.  Rodriguez receives an
automobile  expense allowance  comparable
to  that  provided  the  Company's  other
executive officers,  but in no event less
than $400 per month.   The  Company  also
provides  Mr.  Rodriguez  with  comprable
medical/dental    and   other   insurance
coverage to that provided  to  its  other
executive  officers.   The  Company  also
reimburses  all  ordinary, reasonable and
necessary  expenses   incurred   by   Mr.
Rodriguez   in  the  performance  of  his
duties.  Mr.  Rodriguez  is  entitled  to
participate in the profit sharing, bonus,
pension  and other employee benefit plans
that the Company  has in effect from time
to time.

   The Company's directors  and  officers
receive  no  other  forms of compensation
except    for   officers   who    receive
distributions  under  the Company's Bonus
Incentive Plan and except  for  directors
who  are  reimbursed  for actual expenses
incurred by them in connection  with  the
Company's business.

LONG-TERM INCENTIVES

   The    Company   provides   executives
equity-based long-term incentives through
its 1988 Employee  Incentive Stock Option
Plan, described elsewhere herein, and its
Bonus Incentive Plan,  which are designed
to  award  key management  personnel  and
other  employees  of  the  Company,  with
bonuses  and  stock  options based on the
Company's and the employee's performance.

COMPLIANCE  WITH  SECTION  16(A)  OF  THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

   Section   16(a)  of   the   Securities
Exchange Act of  1934  requires  that the
Company's    executive    officers    and
directors  and  persons who own more than
10%  of  a  registered   class   of   the
Company's  equity securities file reports
of ownership  and  changes  in  ownership
with    the   Securities   and   Exchange
Commission (the "Commission").  Officers,
directors    and    greater    than   10%
shareholders  are  required by Commission
regulation to furnish  the  Company  with
copies  of  all  Section 16(a) forms they
file.  Based on a  review of the reports,
during the fiscal year  ended  March  31,
1995,  all Section 16 filing requirements
applicable to its officers, directors and
greater  than  10% beneficial owners were
complied with.

                   52

<PAGE>

NON-MANAGEMENT DIRECTORS' COMPENSATION

   Each non-employee director is entitled
to  receive compensation  of  $1,000  for
each  meeting attended in person and $250
for each  meeting  attended by telephone.
During fiscal 1995,  the  following  fees
were paid:

          Jeff J. White         $2,750.00
          William Rueger         2,250.00
          Michael J. Salpeter    5,500.00
          Kurt R. Schwamberger   3,000.00
          JoAnn Duarte           6,250.00
          Lawrence Richenstein   3,250.00

   No  directors'  fees  are  payable  to
employees  of  the  Company who serve  as
directors.

                    53

<PAGE>

Item 12.SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT.

Security Ownership Of  Certain Beneficial
Owners Of Management

     The following table  sets  forth  as
information  concerning  shares of Common
Stock,  par  value $.007 per  share,  the
Company's only  voting  securities, owned
beneficially   by   each   of   Company's
Directors  and nominees for the Board  of
Directors, by each person who is known by
the Company to own beneficially more than
5% of the outstanding  voting  securities
of  the  Company  and  by  the  Company's
executive  officers  and directors  as  a
group.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
NAME AND ADDRESS OF BENEFICIAL OWNER           Amount and Nature of            Percent
                                               BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP           OF CLASS
<S>                                       <C>                                  <C>
Joel San Antonio                           2,933,656 shares(1)                  21.1%
300 Atlantic Street
Stamford, Connecticut 06901
William Tweed                              2,341,231 shares(2)                  17.1%
300 Atlantic Street
Stamford, Connecticut 06901
Jeff J. White                              1,582,148 shares(3)                  11.6%
19 Foxwood Road
Kings Point, New York 11024
William Rueger                                84,100 shares(4)                    .6%
4 Langley Lane
Old Westbury, New York 11568
Michael Salpeter                             292,305 shares(5)                   2.2%
7034 Highfield Drive
Fayetteville, New York 13066
Kurt R. Schwamberger                               0 shares                      0.0%
70 Pine Street
New York, New York 10270
Jo Ann Duarte                                      0 shares                      0.0%
70 Pine Street
New York, New York 10270
Lawrence Richenstein                           4,500 shares                      0.0%
920 South Oyster Bay Road
Hicksville, New York 11801
All Directors and Officers
as a group (12                             7,311,302 shares (1,2,3,4,5,6)       48.0%
</TABLE>
__________________
(1)Includes 5,000 shares  held by Mr. San
   Antonio  as  custodian for  two  minor
   children.   Includes   10,800   shares
   owned by Mr. San Antonio's wife as  to
   which    he    disclaims    beneficial
   ownership.   Does  not include  19,800
   shares  owned  by  Mr.  San  Antonio's
   brother  and sister-in-law  and  3,400
   shares owned by his mother as to which
   he disclaims  any beneficial interest.
   Includes  an  aggregate   of   200,000
   shares   held   in   trusts   for  his
   children,  of  which Mr. San Antonio's
   wife is a trustee  as to which Mr. San
   Antonio      disclaims      beneficial
   ownership.    Includes   options    to
   purchase  120,408  shares which became
   exercisable  on  October   22,   1993,
   120,408  which  became  exercisable on
   October   22,  1994  and  options   to
   purchase an  additional 602,040 shares
   granted on October 22, 1992 which will
   become  exercisable   on  October  22,
   1995.  Does not include 120,408 shares
   which  become exercisable  on  October
   22, 1995,  120,408 shares which become
   exercisable  on  October  22, 1996 and
   120,408     shares     which    become
   exercisable on October 22, 1997.

                     54

<PAGE>

(2)Includes  48,000  shares held  by  Mr.
   Tweed  as  custodian  for  one  child.
   Does  not  include   an  aggregate  of
   12,500  shares  held  by  Mr.  Tweed's
   mother  and  sister.   Includes  1,500
   shares held by Mr. Tweed's  wife,  and
   25,000  held  in trust for the benefit
   of Mr. Tweed's granddaughter, of which
   Mr. Tweed's wife is the trustee, as to
   which  he  disclaims   any  beneficial
   interest.     Includes   options    to
   purchase 93,878  shares  which  became
   exercisable   on   October  22,  1993,
   93,878  which  became  exercisable  on
   October  22,  1994   and   options  to
   purchase an additional 469,387  shares
   granted on October 22, 1992 which will
   become   exercisable  on  October  22,
   1995.  Does  not include 93,878 shares
   which become exercisable  October  22,
   1995,   93,878   shares  which  become
   exercisable on October  22,  1996, and
   93,875 shares which become exercisable
   on October 22, 1997

(3)Does  not  include  an  aggregate   of
   90,000  shares  owned  by  Mr. White's
   parents  and  sister  as  to which  he
   disclaims   any  beneficial  interest.
   Includes options  to  purchase  85,715
   shares  which  became  exercisable  on
   October  22, 1993, 85,715 which became
   exercisable  on  October  22, 1994 and
   options  to  purchase  428,578  shares
   granted on October 22, 1992 which will
   become  exercisable  on  October   22,
   1995.   Does not include 85,713 shares
   which  become exercisable  on  October
   22, 1995,  85,713 shares which  become
   exercisable  on October 22, 1996,  and
   85,713 shares which become exercisable
   on October 22, 1997.

(4)Includes an option  to purchase 25,000
   shares at $2.50 per share which may be
   exercised through November  30,  1995.
   All  of  such  options  are  presently
   exercisable. Includes 100 shares owned
   by  Mr.  Rueger's wife as to which  he
   disclaims beneficial ownership.

(5)Includes 7,800  shares  held in an IRA
   in  the  name  of Dr. Salpeter,  7,100
   shares held by Dr.  Salpeter  in trust
   or  as  custodian  for  his daughters,
   Nicole and Whitney, 20,000 shares held
   in a company pension plan of which Dr.
   Salpeter serves as a trustee,  200,000
   shares  held as trustee of trusts  for
   the benefit  of  Jonathan  and Brandon
   San  Antonio.   Includes 2,950  shares
   held  by  Dr. Salpeter's  wife  as  to
   which    he    disclaims    beneficial
   ownership.

(6)Includes options  held  by officers of
   the  Company to purchase an  aggregate
   of 54,462  shares  which are presently
   exercisable.
 .

Item 13.CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS.

   In  March 1994, the Company  formed  a
wholly-owned    subsidiary,    Warrantech
Additive,  Inc.,  to market a proprietary
TEC-12 line of automotive  additives  and
lubricants.   The  Company guarantees the
performance   of  TEC-12   under   a   12
month/12,000   mile    limited   warranty
covering the parts or components  treated
by  the  product.   Warrantech  Additive,
Inc.   has  established  a  program  with
Vehicle    Information    Network,   Inc.
("VIN"), a California based  corporation,
which  provides  a nationwide "electronic
classified network"  for the sale of used
cars between private parties and dealers.
Under the program, VIN  offers the TEC-12
product   line,  including  the   limited
warranty, to vehicle sellers and buyers.

   In April  1994,  Mr. William Tweed and
Mr.  Joel  San Antonio  entered  into  an
agreement with  VIN,  pursuant  to  which
Messrs. Tweed and San Antonio loaned  VIN
an  aggregate  of $250,000 at an interest
rate of 12% per  annum.   The term of the
loan  was  one  hundred fifty  days  

                    55

<PAGE>

from Closing with VIN having an option to
extend  the maturity date until the first
anniversary   of   the   Closing.    Upon
Closing,  Messrs.  Tweed  and San Antonio
received an option to purchase  up  to 2%
of  the  outstanding  common stock of VIN
from  Mark  Brenner and Joel  Hecht,  two
principals of VIN.  The exercise price of
these options  is  $125,000 per 1% of the
outstanding  shares  of   VIN  and  these
options are exercisable for  a  period of
one year from the Closing.  In the  event
VIN  exercises  its  option to extend the
maturity   date,   as  described   above,
Messrs. Tweed and San  Antonio shall have
the  option  to  purchase  from   Messrs.
Brenner  and  Hecht additional shares  of
VIN  common  stock,   totaling   in   the
aggregate  five  percent  (5%)  of  VIN's
issued  and  outstanding shares of common
stock, at a purchase  price of $.0025 per
share.

     On November 4, 1987, the Company
granted to William Rueger an option to
purchase 100,000 shares of Common Stock
at an exercise price of $2.50 per share
(as adjusted to reflect the 1990 reverse
stock split).  Mr. Rueger exercised said
option with respect to 10,000 shares on
February 22, 1989, with respect to an
additional 15,000 shares on November 3,
1992, with respect to an additional
25,000 shares on November 18, 1993 and
with respect to an additional 25,000
shares on November 22, 1994.  See
"Compensation of Directors and Executive
Officers".

                  56

<PAGE>
                 PART IV


Item 14.EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT
SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K.

     (a)  1. and 2.  Financial Statements
          and Financial Statement
          Schedule:  see accompanying
          Index to Consolidated Financial
          Statements and Schedule, page.
          18

     (b)  Reports on Form 8-K during the
          last quarter:            None.

     (c)  Exhibits

     3(i) -    Certificate of
          Incorporation filed June 22,
          1983.  Incorporated by reference
          to the Company's Registration
          Statement on Form S-18, filed
          on November 23, 1983,
          Registration No. 2-88097-NY.(P)

          Certificate of Amendment of
          Certificate of Incorporation
          filed October 24, 1983.
          Incorporated by reference to
          the Company's Registration
          Statement on Form S-18, filed
          on November 23, 1983,
          Registration No. 2-88097-NY.(P)

          Certificate of Amendment of
          Certificate of Incorporation
          dated June 29, 1987.
          Incorporated by reference to
          the Company's Form 8 Amendment
          to the Company's Annual Report
          on Form 10-K for the fiscal
          year ended March 31, 1987, file
          no. 0-13084.(P)

     (ii) Certificate of Designation
          of the Company with respect to
          the Preferred Stock as filed
          with the Secretary of State of
          Delaware on October 12, 1993.
          (P)

    (iii) By-laws of the Company, as
          amended.  Incorporated by
          reference to the Company's
          Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
          for the fiscal quarter ended
          September 10, 1988, file no. 0-
          13084.(P)

     10(a)-    Form of Sales Distributor
          Agreement. Incorporated by
          reference to the Company's
          Annual Report on Form 10-K for
          the fiscal year ended March 31,
          1985, file no. 0-13084.(P)

     (b)  -    Form of Service Center
          Agreement.  Incorporated by
          reference to the Company's
          Annual Report on Form 10-K for
          the fiscal year ended March 31,
          1985, file no. 0-13084.(P)

     (c)  -    Form of Dealer Agreement.
          Incorporated by reference to
          the Company's Annual Report on
          Form 10-K for the fiscal year
          ended March 31, 1985, file no.
          0-13084.(P)


                      57

<PAGE>

     (d)  -    Form of Sales Agent
          Agreement.  Incorporated by
          reference to the Company's
          Registration Statement on Form
          S-1, filed on September 5,
          1986, Registration No. 3-
          8517.(P)

     (e)  -    Asset Purchase Agreement
          dated as of October 4, 1989, by
          and among Dealer Based
          Services, Inc., David
          Robertson, Gary Traylor and the
          Company (excluding
          schedules).(P)

     (f)  -    Bonus Incentive Plan of
          the Company.(P)

     (g)  -    1988 Employee Incentive
          Stock Option Plan of the
          Company.(P)

     (h)  -    Employment Agreement dated
          October 30, 1989,  between
          Warrantech Dealer Based
          Services, Inc, and Gary K.
          Traylor.(P)

     (i)  -    Insurance policy between
          the Company and Houston General
          Insurance Company pertaining to
          service contracts issued by
          Inacom Corporation.
          Incorporated by reference to
          the Company's Report on Form
          10-K for the fiscal year ended
          March 31, 1992, file no. 0-
          13084.(P)

     (j)  -    Insurance policy between
          the Company and Houston General
          Insurance Company pertaining to
          service contracts issued by
          Damark Inc.   Incorporated by
          reference to the Company's
          Report on Form 10-K for the
          fiscal year ended March 31,
          1992, file no. 0-13084.(P)
______________________________________________
*Incorporated by reference to the
    Company's Report on Form 10-K for the
    fiscal year ended March 31, 1990,
    file no. 0-13084.

                           58

<PAGE>


     (k)  -    Settlement and Runoff
          Agreement between the Company,
          its wholly owned subsidiaries Warrantech
          Dealer Based Services, Inc. and
          Warrantech Consumer Product
          Services, Inc. and American
          Hardware Mutual Insurance
          Company  ("AHM") regarding
          termination of insurance
          coverage by AHM.  (This
          document has been omitted and
          accorded confidential treatment
          by the Securities and Exchange
          Commission pursuant to an Order
          Granting Application Pursuant
          to Rule 24b-2 Under the
          Securities Exchange Act of
          1934, As Amended, Respecting
          Confidential Treatment of
          Exhibits 10(v) and 10(w)
          Contained in Registrant's Form
          10-K for the fiscal year ended
          March 31, 1992, issued by the
          Division of Corporation
          Finance.)(P)

     (l)  -    Securities Purchase
          Agreement dated July 19, 1993
          among the Company, Joel San
          Antonio, William Tweed,  Jeff
          J. White and AIG.(P)

     (m)  -    Joint Venture Agreement
          dated July 26, 1993 among
          Techmark Services Limited, AIG
          Europe (UK) Limited, Warrantech
          (UK) Limited and the
          Company.(P)

     11.  -    Statements re: computation
          of per share earnings.

     21.  -    Subsidiaries of the
          Company.

     27.  -    Financial Data
          Schedule.

     28.  -    Stipulation and Consent
          Order of Illinois.
          Incorporated by reference to
          the Company's Quarterly Report
          on Form 10-Q for the fiscal
          quarter ended December 31,
          1988, file no. 0-13084.(P)

     99(a)-    Petition in Action
          Entitled GULF INSURANCE COMPANY
          VS. DEALER BASED SERVICES,
          INC., ET AL.  Incorporated by
          reference to the Company's Form
          8 Amendment No. 1, dated
          December 28, 1989, to the
          Company's Form 8-K dated
          November 3, 1989, file no. 0-
          13084.(P)

     (b)  -    Original Answer and
          Counterclaim of Dealer Based
          Services, Inc., David
          Robertson, Gary Traylor, and
          Warrantech Dealer Based
          Services, Inc. filed in the
          Action Entitled Gulf Insurance
          Company vs. Dealer Based
          Services, Inc., et al.
          Incorporated by reference to
          Form 8 Amendment No. 2, dated
          December 29, 1989, to the
          Company's Form 8-K dated
          November 3, 1989, file no. 0-
          13084.(P)

                      59

<PAGE>

          (c)  -    Complaint in Action
          entitled DAVID ROBERTSON V.
          WARRANTECH CORPORATION AND
          WARRANTECH AUTOMOTIVE
          Incorporated by reference to
          the Company's Quarterly Report
          on Form 10-Q for the fiscal
          quarter ended
          December 31, 1993; file no. 0-
          13084.(P)

     (d)  -    Amended Original Petition
          Entitled  GULF INSURANCE CO.
          VS. WARRANTECH DEALER BASED
          SERVICES, INC. ET.AL.
          Incorporated by reference to
          the Company's Quarterly Report
          or Form 10-Q for the fiscal
          quarter ended September 30,
          1994; file No. 0-13084.(P)

                       60

<PAGE>

               SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section
13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly
caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned thereto duly
authorized.

                                           WARRANTECH CORPORATION

Dated:  JUNE 29, 1995                      By:S/N/S  JOEL SAN ANTONIO
                                              Joel San Antonio
                                              Chairman of The Board and
                                              Principal Executive Officer


Dated:  JUNE 29, 1995                      By:S/N/S  BERNARD J. WHITE
                                              Bernard J. White, Treasurer
                                              and Chief Financial Officer

Pursuant to the requirements of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the
following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on
the dates indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
        SIGNATURE                             TITLE                           DATE
<S>                                   <C>                             <C>
S/N/S  Joel San Antonio               Principal Executive Officer      June 29, 1995
(Joel San Antonio)                    Chairman of the Board
                                      and Director

S/N/S  William Tweed                  President and Director          June 29, 1995
(William Tweed)

S/N/S  Desiree Kim Caban              Secretary                       June 29, 1995
(Desiree Kim Caban)

S/N/S  William Rueger                 Director                        June 29, 1995
(William Rueger)

S/N/S  Jeffrey J. White               Director                        June 29, 1995
(Jeffrey J. White)

S/N/S  Kurt Schwamberger              Director                        June 29, 1995
(Kurt Schwamberger)
</TABLE>

                                         61

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                  <C>                             <C>
S/N/S  Joanne Duarte                  Director                        June 29, 1995
(Joanne Duarte)

S/N/S  Michael Salpeter               Director                        June 29, 1995
(Michael Salpeter)

S/N/S  Lawrence Richenstein           Director                        June 29, 1995
(Lawrence Richenstein)
</TABLE>

                                     62
<PAGE>



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-11
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>STATEMENT RE COMPUTATION OF PER SHARE EARNIINGS
<TEXT>

                    WARRANTECH CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                                  EXHIBIT 11
                STATEMENT RE COMPUTATION OF PER SHARE EARNINGS
                                  (UNAUDITED)

                                               For the Years Ended March 31,
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                              1995                    1994               1993
<S>                                    <C>                   <C>                   <C>
EARNINGS:
Net Income                              $ 2,895,788            $    703,591         $ 1,061,471
                                        ===========            ============         ===========
Weighted average shares outstanding
   Primary (A):

Common shares                            12,951,514              12,895,905          12,821,171

Assumed exercise of stock options           725,730                 779,175              50,547
Assumed conversion of preferred
    stock                                 1,910,900                 894,399              -
                                        ___________           _____________         ___________
                                         15,588,144              14,569,479          12,871,718
                                        ===========           =============         ===========

Fully diluted (B)
Common shares                            12,951,514             12,895,905

Assumed exercise of stock options         1,993,893              1,916,401
Assumed conversion of preferred
    stock                                 1,948,944              1,935,769
                                        ___________           ____________
                                         16,894,351             16,748,075
                                        ===========           ============
EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE:
Primary (A):

  Net income                                $0.19                 $0.05           $0.08
                                            =====                 =====           =====
Fully diluted (B):

  Net Income                                $0.17                 $0.04
                                            =====                 =====
</TABLE>

(A)   The  treasury  method was used in the calculation of primary earnings per
share for all periods presented.

(B)   The modified treasury method was used in the calculation of fully diluted
earnings per share for the year ended March 31, 1995 and 1994.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES
<TEXT>

                                  EXHIBIT 21

                LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES OF WARRANTECH CORPORATION


            1.    WARRANTECH CONSUMER PRODUCT SERVICES, INC. a
                  Connecticut corporation

            2.    WCPS OF FLORIDA, INC. a Florida corporation

            3.    WARRANTECH DEALER BASED SERVICES, INC.a Delaware corporation

            4.    WARRANTECH AUTOMOTIVE, INC. a Connecticut corporation

            5.    WDBS OF CALIFORNIA INSURANCE SERVICES, INC. a California
                  corporation

            6.    WARRANTECH AUTOMOTIVE RISK PURCHASING GROUP, INC. a Michigan
                  corporation

            7.    DEALER 400 RISK PURCHASING GROUP, INC. a Michigan corporation

            8.    WARRANTECH AUTOMOTIVE OF FLORIDA, INC. a Florida corporation

            9.    WARRANTECH DIRECT, INC. a Texas corporation

            10.   WARRANTECH (UK) LIMITED a company incorporated in England

            11.   WARRANTECH OF PUERTO RICO, INC.
                  a Puerto Rico corporation

            12.   WARRANTECH INTERNATIONAL, INC.
                  a Delaware corporation

            13.   WCPS OF CANADA, INC.
                  a Connecticut corporation

            14.   WARRANTECH AUTOMOTIVE OF CANADA, INC.
                  a Connecticut corporation

            15.   WARRANTECH ADDITIVE, INC.
                  a Texas corporation


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>ART. 5 FDS FOR YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 1995
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 5
<MULTIPLIER> 1,000
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          MAR-31-1995
<PERIOD-END>                               MAR-31-1995
<CASH>                                       3,039,361
<SECURITIES>                                   472,344
<RECEIVABLES>                               21,304,862
<ALLOWANCES>                                    50,750
<INVENTORY>                                          0
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                            25,881,629
<PP&E>                                       6,699,837
<DEPRECIATION>                               3,833,927
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                              41,858,546
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                       14,964,819
<BONDS>                                              0
<COMMON>                                        89,117
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                  6,396,795
<OTHER-SE>                                  17,354,646
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                41,858,546
<SALES>                                              0
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                            71,239,070
<CGS>                                                0
<TOTAL-COSTS>                               65,868,289
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                19,202
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                     0
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                              78,650
<INCOME-PRETAX>                              4,804,324
<INCOME-TAX>                                 1,908,536
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                          2,895,788
<DISCONTINUED>                                       0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                 2,895,788
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                      .19
<EPS-DILUTED>                                      .17
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
